--- Page 1 ---
Base prospectus 18 November 2021 
 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
(formerly ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited) 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies  
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 103518) 
LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28 
Prospectus for the issue of 
Collateralised Currency Securities 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the issue of collateralised 
exchange traded currency securities (the “Collateralised Currency Securities”) by WisdomTree Foreign 
Exchange Limited (the “Issuer”). 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This base prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank  only approves this base prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Collateralised Currency Securities.  Furthermore, 
such approval relates only to the Collateralised Currency Securities which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended, (“MiFID II”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.  
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) 
as competent authority under the UK Propsectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only approves 
this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as onshored into UK 
domestic law by by the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2020 (the “Withdrawal Acts”), (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).  Such approval by the FCA should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Collateralised Currency Securities that 
are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Collateralised Currency Securities.  
Investors should be aware that the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation apply 
where Collateralised Currency Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within the United Kingdom and/or an offer of Collateralised Currency Securities is made to the 
public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation Rules) in the United 
Kingdom.  The Prospectus Regulation applies where Collateralised Currency Securities are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or an offer of Collateralised Currency 
Securities is made to the to the public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation) in one or more Member States of the European Economic Area. Accordingly Investors should 
be aware that they will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK 
A9.4.2 
A9.4.3 
 
A9.1.5(a) 
A9.1.5(b) 
A9.1.5(c) 
A14.1.5(a) 
A14.1.5(b) 
A14.1.5(c)

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation, if the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation provisions 
apply and will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation 
applies. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making any 
investment in Collateralised Currency Securities.  
This Prospectus is valid for one year from the date of this document and may be supplemented or 
replaced from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in it. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Terms used in this Prospectus have the meanings given to the under the heading “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities which are undated limited 
recourse debt securities of the Issuer. The Issuer is currently making available for issue 221 separate types 
of Collateralised Currency Securities. Collateralised Currency Securities are intended to provide investors 
with a return reflecting foreign exchange rate movements less the applicable fees. 
An investment in Collateralised Currency Securities involves a significant degree of risk and 
investors may lose some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value of 
Collateralised Currency Securities can go down as well as up. 
Collateralised Currency Securities are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of 
risk and may not be suitable or appropriate for all types of investor. They are aimed at sophisticated, 
professional and institutional investors, and it is advisable that any other person wishing to invest 
seeks appropriate financial, tax and other advice from independent financial advisors with 
appropriate regulatory authorisation and qualifications. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the Collateralised Currency Securities required to enable them to make an informed assessment 
of (i) the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer; and (ii) the 
rights attaching to the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The rights attaching to the Collateralised Currency Securities are contained in the Conditions set out under 
the heading “Conditions” in Part 11 (Terms and Conditions of Collateralised Currency Securities) and are 
completed by the Final Terms specific to a particular issue of Collateralised Currency Securities which will 
be published and delivered to the Central Bank and the FCA before such Collateralised Currency Securities 
are issued. 
Worked examples of how an investor can calculate the value of their investment are set out in Part 2 (How 
does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, the key parties to the 
Programme, the terms of any material contracts of the Issuer, details of the tax treatment of a holding of 
Collateralised Currency Securities in certain jurisdictions and details of the risk factors relating to an 
investment in Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
The Final Terms set out information specific to the Collateralised Currency Securities to which they relate, 
including the class and number of Collateralised Currency Securities to be issued, the price of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities to be issued and the fees applicable to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities to be issued. 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain of the information in this prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that it is not set out 
in this document but instead has been made publicly available elsewhere for reference by investors and 
prospective investors.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Prospective investors should ensure that they review the Prospectus (including any information that has 
been incorporated by reference) and the Final Terms. 
A copy of this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) are available at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library. Any Final Terms issued are currently available at 
https://etfs.wisdomtree.eu/pricingSup_fxl.html

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Programme for the issue of 
 
Collateralised Currency Securities 
 
Important Information 
 
A. 
Approvals 
A copy of this document which comprises a base prospectus relating to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities for the purposes of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the date hereof has been 
made available to the public in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and has also been filed 
with the FCA pursuant to the UK Propspectus Regulation, as amended and has been made available to 
the public in the United Kingdom for the purpose of that Regulation. Collateralised Currency Securities will 
be available to be issued on a continuous basis during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
document. A prospective investor should be aware that compensation will not be available under the UK 
Financial Services Compensation Scheme.This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the 
Jersey Financial Services Commission, in accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds-
Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as 
amended (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising 
from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to Collateralised Currency Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is 
protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions 
thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the fund or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
The distribution of the Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Collateralised 
Currency Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Collateralised Currency 
Securities and on the distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms, see Selling Restrictions in Part 14 
(Additional Information). 
The Collateralised Currency Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any states of the 
United States. Except in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
applicable United States securities laws, the Collateralised Currency Securities may not be directly or 
indirectly offered, sold, taken up, delivered or transferred in or into the United States or to any US person 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (a US Person). The Issuer has not registered, and 
does not intend to register, as an investment company under the United States Investment Company Act 
of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). Accordingly, Collateralised Currency Securities may 
not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any US Person. Collateralised Currency Securities offered and sold outside the United 
States may be offered to persons who are not US Persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. Each of the Authorised Participants has, pursuant to its Authorised Participant Agreement with the 
Issuer, undertaken not to offer or sell the Collateralised Currency Securities within the United States or to 
any US Person, nor will it engage in any “directed selling efforts” (as such term is defined by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act) with respect to the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
Prohibited US Persons and Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors who notwithstanding the foregoing acquire 
Collateralised Currency Securities should note the provisions in the Conditions under the heading 
Compulsory Redemption for cause (Condition 7.5).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
B. 
Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for all Collateralised Currency Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market the 
admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no trading 
facility for the Collateralised Currency Securities there. The Central Bank approval of this programme 
relates only to the Collateralised Currency Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.  
Application has also been made to the FCA for all Collateralised Currency Securities issued within 12 months 
of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock Exchange, for 
all such Collateralised Currency Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market (being part of the 
London Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market). 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not 
offers under the Prospectus Regulation or admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to 
trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Please note that references to the defined term ‘Listing’ throughout this Prospectus refer to the admission 
of the Collateralised Currency Securities to the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange and do not refer to admission to trading on other exchanges where such Collateralised Currency 
Securities may be listed. 
Certain of the Collateralised Currency Securities are also listed or traded on certain other markets – see 
“Passporting” in Part 9 (The Programme) and “General” in Part 14 (Additional Information). 
C. 
Responsibility and No Investment Advice 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and this 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or 
should be construed as advice on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the 
Collateralised Currency Securities or the exercise of any rights attached thereto for the purposes of 
the Jersey Financial Services Law 1998, as amended. 
None of the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Authorised Participant, MSIP or MS&CO nor any other 
member of the Morgan Stanley Group has separately verified the information contained in this Prospectus. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made, and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Trustee, the Security Trustee, MSIP, MS&CO or any other member of the Morgan Stanley 
Group as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with Collateralised Currency Securities or their distribution. The 
Authorised Participants have not separately verified the information contained in this Prospectus. None of 
the Authorised Participants makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Prospectus. MSIP does not 
accept any responsibility or liability to investors (a) for the information contained in this Prospectus or (b) 
for updating such information and makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
with respect to such information. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
Collateralised Currency Securities or other securities issued by the Issuer and should not be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, MSIP or MS&CO or any of them that any 
recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase Collateralised Currency 
Securities. 
Each person applying for Collateralised Currency Securities in accordance with this Prospectus 
acknowledges that (i) such person has not relied on the Trustee, the Security Trustee, MSIP or MS&CO, nor 
on any person affiliated with any of them in connection with its investment decision or its investigation of the 
accuracy of the information contained herein; (ii) Collateralised Currency Securities are direct, limited 
A9.1.1 
A9.1.2 
A14.1.1 
A14.1.2 
A14.6.1(a)B

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and not obligations of any other person, including the Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, any Index Provider or Currency Transaction Counterparty (including MSIP, MS&CO or any 
other member of the Morgan Stanley Group); and (iii) the obligations of the Issuer to Security Holders 
under the Collateralised Currency Securities are not guaranteed by any other person, including the 
Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Index Provider or Currency Transaction Counterparty (including MSIP, 
MS&CO or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group). 
Neither MSIP nor any of its Affiliates has structured Collateralised Currency Securities or provided any 
advice or information in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities (subject to a limited exception for 
information provided by MSIP in relation to itself) nor accepts any responsibility in respect of this 
Prospectus or any other disclosure document or advertising materials in connection with the Collateralised 
Currency Securities. 
None of the Issuer, ManJer or any Affiliate of ManJer, the Authorised Participants, MSIP, any Affiliate of 
MSIP (including, without limitation, MS&CO), the Security Trustee or the Trustee makes any 
representations as to (i) the suitability of any Collateralised Currency Securities for any particular investor; (ii) 
the appropriate accounting treatment or possible tax consequences of an investment in any Collateralised 
Currency Securities; or (iii) the expected performance of any Collateralised Currency Securities, either in 
absolute terms or relative to competing investments. 
The obligations of the Issuer to Security Holders are not guaranteed by any member of the Morgan Stanley 
Group or any other person and no Security Holder has any direct rights of enforcement against any such 
person. 
D. 
Investors to make their own assessment 
Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and 
may wish to consult their own professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of Collateralised 
Currency Securities as an investment. Prospective Security Holders may wish to conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements, delivery processes and cash-flows 
associated with Collateralised Currency Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in Collateralised Currency Securities. Prospective Security Holders should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
E. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation and section 87G of FSMA (as applicable), the 
Issuer will either prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this document 
which shall constitute a supplementary prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or UK Prospectus Regulation and section 87G of FSMA (as applicable) or prepare and make available a 
further base prospectus in compliance with Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules, (as applicable). 
A14.1.5(d)

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of 
each section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this 
Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest in 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
Section of Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this section 
Risk Factors 
10 
This section sets out the material risks known to the 
Issuer 
associated 
with 
an 
investment 
in 
Collateralised Currency Securities and should be 
carefully considered by a prospective investor 
Frequently Asked Questions 
30 
This section addresses a list of frequently asked 
questions 
about 
the 
Collateralised 
Currency 
Securities 
Classes of Collateralised Currency 
Securities 
42 
This section sets out a list of classes of 
Collateralised Currency Securities that the Issuer is 
making available for issue 
Documents incorporated by reference 
46 
This section details the documents incorporated into 
this Prospectus by reference and details where 
copies of these documents can be found. These 
documents are part of this Prospectus and should 
be carefully considered by a potential investor 
Definitions 
48 
Sets out the definitions that apply throughout this 
Prospectus 
Directors, Secretary and Advisers 
64 
Sets out the name and addresses of the entities 
which provide services and legal advice to the Issuer 
Part 1 
General 
67 
This section provides a description of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities and the role of 
the different parties in the structure of the offering. It 
also sets out the way in which investment in 
Collateralised Currency Securities can be made or 
redeemed as well as details of some but not all of 
the rights attached to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities 
Part 2 
How does a Security Holder 
determine the value of their 
investment 
78 
This section sets out how an investor can work out 
the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples 
Part 3 
Description of Currency 
Indices 
83 
This section provides a description of how the 
currency indices work 
Part 4 
Description of Collateralised 
Currency Securities 
90 
This section provides a description of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities and the role of 
the different parties in the structure of the offering. It 
also sets out the way in which investment in 
Collateralised Currency Securities can be made and 
redeemed and sets out how the price is calculated

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Part 5 
Description of Currency 
Transactions 
104 
This section provides a description of the 
corresponding currency transactions that are 
entered into between the Issuer and the currency 
transaction 
counterparty 
each 
time 
that 
Collateralised Currency Securities are issued or 
redeemed 
Part 6 
Description of Daily 
Repurchase Transactions and 
Collateral Administration 
107 
This section provides a description of the 
repurchase transactions between the Issuer and 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc. and 
provides detail of the obligation to provide collateral 
Part 7 
Description of Security 
111 
The Security Deeds create security over, and give 
investors (through the Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying relating to each class of security. This 
section contains detail of the terms of the rights 
granted by the Security Deeds and when these 
rights become enforceable 
Part 8 
Summary of Transaction 
Documents 
114 
This section provides a description of the main 
provisions of the other transaction documents which 
the Issuer believes an investor in Collateralised 
Currency Securities will want to be aware of 
Part 9 
The Programme 
122 
This section sets out the way in which investment in 
Collateralised Currency Securities can be made and 
provides information on the settlement and delivery 
process on each of the exchanges where 
Collateralised Currency Securities are admitted to 
trading 
Part 10 
Global Bearer Certificates 
128 
This section contains an English translation of the 
German text of the German Global Bearer 
Certificates which are set out an Annex I and which 
are only relevant to investors wishing to purchase 
their Collateralised Currency Securities on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
Part 11 
Terms and Conditions of 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities 
133 
This section gives details of the main constitutive 
document in relation to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities – the Trust Instrument – and sets out the 
details of the approval of the issue of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities. It includes an 
extract from the Trust Instrument under the heading 
“The Conditions” which sets out the terms and 
conditions which apply to the Collateralised 
Currency Securities. This extract is drafted in legal 
language as it is taken directly from the Trust 
Instrument but information on how the terms and 
conditions apply to Security Holders is contained 
throughout this Prospectus including Part 1 and Part 
4 
Part 12 
Description of Currency 
Transaction Counterparties 
177 
This section provides further detail on Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc as currency 
transaction counterparty 
Part 13 
Taxation 
178 
This section sets out the tax treatment of holding 
Collateralised Currency Securities in the UK and 
Jersey

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Part 14 
Additional Information 
184 
This section sets out further information on the 
Issuer which the Issuer believes a potential investor 
will want to be aware of or which the Issuer is 
required to include under applicable rules 
Annex 1 
Form of the Global Bearer 
Certificates 
199 
This section sets out the form of the German Global 
Bearer Certificates. The German Global Bearer 
Certificates are only relevant to investors wishing to 
purchase their Collateralised Currency Securities on 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
Annex 2 
Text of the Conditions of the 
Global Bearer Certificates 
200 
This section sets out the German text of the German 
Global Bearer Certificates. The English translation 
of these certificates is contained in Part 10 of this 
Prospectus. The German Global Bearer Certificates 
are only relevant to investors wishing to purchase 
their Collateralised Currency Securities on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
Annex 3 
Form of Final Terms – Offers 
to Authorised Participants 
204 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish when it has issued 
Collateralised Currency Securities to an investment 
services firm which has entered into an agreement 
with the Issuer in relation to Collateralised Currency 
Securities. This details the class, number and 
relevant information applicable to the issue and 
when completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary set out 
at the front of this document and adjusted to be 
relevant only to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities issued under the final terms. Each time 
that Collateralised Currency Securities are issued 
by the Issuer, a Final Terms document is prepared 
by the Issuer and submitted to the Central Bank  and 
notified to the competent authority in each European 
jurisdiction that the product is passported into.  The 
Final Terms document is also submitted to the FCA.  
Completed Final Terms documents are available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu 
Annex 4 
Form of Final Terms – Public 
Offers 
207 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms that the 
Issuer will publish if it issues any Collateralised 
Currency Securities to the public pursuant to a 
public offer rather than to an investment services 
firm (as set out at Annex 3). This details the class, 
number and relevant information applicable to the 
issue and when completed will also include an issue 
specific summary which is taken from the summary 
set out at the front of this document and adjusted to 
be relevant only to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities issued under the final terms. Each time 
that Collateralised Currency Securities are issued 
by the Issuer, a Final Terms document is prepared 
by the Issuer and submitted to the Central Bank  and 
notified to the competent authority in each European 
jurisdiction that the product is passported into. The 
Final Terms document is also submitted to the FCA. 
Completed Final Terms documents are available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
1RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Collateralised Currency Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Collateralised Currency 
Securities set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Collateralised Currency 
Securities. All of these risk factors are risks which may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Collateralised 
Currency Securities. 
A Security Holder may also lose the value of their entire investment in Collateralised Currency Securities for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Leveraged Risk 
The effect of leverage 
5 Times Long and 5 Times Short Collateralised Currency Securities 
A Long Currency Index will provide a “long” exposure to a particular exchange rate which means it will 
increase in value where that exchange rate increases and a Short Currency Index will provide a “short” 
exposure to that same exchange rate which means it will decrease in value where that exchange rate 
increases. 
Collateralised Currency Securities which track 5 Times Long Currency Indices or 5 Times Short Currency 
Indices provide a leveraged exposure representing five times the return on the exchange rate that would 
otherwise be obtained from tracking the corresponding Long Currency Index or Short Currency Index. This 
means that if a Long Currency Index or a Short Currency Index were to increase in value on a particular 
day which is reflected by a one per cent. gain on the relevant exchange rate, the equivalent 5 Times Long 
Currency Index or 5 Times Short Currency Index would reflect five times the gain on the relevant exchange 
rate (i.e. a five per cent gain). Likewise, if a Long Currency Index or a Short Currency Index were to fall in 
value on a particular day which is reflected by a one per cent. loss on the relevant exchange rate, the 
equivalent 5 Times Long Currency Index or 5 Times Short Currency Index would reflect five times the loss 
on the relevant exchange rate (i.e. a five per cent loss). Accordingly, investing in 5 Times Leveraged Long 
Collateralised Currency Securities or 5 Times Leveraged Short Collateralised Currency Securities is more 
risky than investing in Collateralised Currency Securities which track the equivalent Long Currency Indices 
or Short Currency Indices on an unleveraged basis as any gain or loss will be magnified. Investors could 
therefore suffer greater losses by investing in 5 times leveraged products. 
Returns from Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities do not equal the Leverage Factor 
Buying a 5 Times Leveraged Long Collateralised Currency Security does not mean the return in respect of 
such security will be five times that of an equivalent unleveraged Currency Security. This is because, among 
other things, on a daily basis the Leverage Factor will be applied to the currency exchange rate comprised 
within the relevant Currency Index but will not be applied to the Collateral Yield (being an interest rate return 
comprised within the Currency Index which varies depending on whether the Currency Index is denominated 
in the US Dollar, the Euro or GBP) within the Currency Index which impact the return and over time, there 
may be volatility in the relevant currency exchange rates which may impact the return. 
You may lose your entire investment 
In some cases movements in exchange rates can be so significant that they lead to the level of a Currency 
Index for any class falling to zero. In these circumstances, the Price for the corresponding class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities may fall to zero and become subject to compulsory redemption. A 
Security Holder generally has the right to receive on redemption the Principal Amount of such class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities. However, if the Price falls below the Principal Amount and the Issuer 
has insufficient assets in the relevant Class Collateral Pool available, the Collateralised Currency Securities 
may become subject to compulsory redemption and may be redeemed at zero. Security Holders may 
receive nothing on a compulsory redemption. 
Triple Long and Triple Short Collateralised Currency Securities 
A9.3.1 
A14.2.1 
A17.1.1

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
A Long Currency Index will provide a “long” exposure to a particular exchange rate which means it will 
increase in value where that exchange rate increases and a Short Currency Index will provide a “short” 
exposure to that same exchange rate which means it will decrease in value where that exchange rate 
increases. 
Collateralised Currency Securities which track Triple Long Currency Indices or Triple Short Currency 
Indices provide a leveraged exposure representing three times the return on the exchange rate that would 
otherwise be obtained from tracking the corresponding Long Currency Index or Short Currency Index. This 
means that if a Long Currency Index or a Short Currency Index were to increase in value on a particular 
day which is reflected by a one per cent. gain on the relevant exchange rate, the equivalent Triple Long 
Currency Index or Triple Short Currency Index would reflect three times the gain on the relevant exchange 
rate (i.e. a three per cent gain). Likewise, if a Long Currency Index or a Short Currency Index were to fall in 
value on a particular day which is reflected by a one per cent. loss on the relevant exchange rate, the 
equivalent Triple Long Currency Index or Triple Short Currency Index would reflect three times the loss on 
the relevant exchange rate (i.e. a three per cent loss). Accordingly, investing in Triple Leveraged Long 
Collateralised Currency Securities or Triple Leveraged Short Collateralised Currency Securities is more 
risky than investing in Collateralised Currency Securities which track the equivalent Long Currency Indices 
or Short Currency Indices on an unleveraged basis as any gain or loss will be magnified. Investors could 
therefore suffer greater losses by investing in triple leveraged products. 
Double Long and Double Short Collateralised Currency Securities 
A Long Currency Index will provide a “long” exposure to a particular exchange rate which means it will 
increase in value where that exchange rate increases and a Short Currency Index will provide a “short” 
exposure to that same exchange rate which means it will decrease in value where that exchange rate 
increases. 
Collateralised Currency Securities which track Double Long Currency Indices or Double Short Currency 
Indices provide a leveraged exposure representing twice the return on the exchange rate that would 
otherwise be obtained from tracking the corresponding Long Currency Index or Short Currency Index. This 
means that if a Long Currency Index or a Short Currency Index were, respectively, to increase in value on 
a particular day which is reflected by a one per cent. gain on the relevant exchange rate, the equivalent 
Double Long Currency Index or Double Short Currency Index would reflect, respectively, twice the gain on 
the relevant exchange rate (i.e. a two per cent gain). Likewise, if a Long Currency Index or a Short Currency 
Index were to fall in value on a particular day which is reflected by a one per cent. loss on the relevant 
exchange rate, the equivalent Double Long Currency Index or Double Short Currency Index would reflect 
twice the loss on the relevant exchange rate (i.e. a two per cent loss). Accordingly, investing in Double 
Leveraged Long Collateralised Currency Securities or Double Leveraged Short Collateralised Currency 
Securities is more risky than investing in Collateralised Currency Securities which track the equivalent Long 
Currency Indices or Short Currency Indices as any gain or loss will be magnified. Investors could therefore 
suffer greater losses by investing in leveraged products. 
Collateralised Currency Security Risk Factors 
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease COVID-19 and its subsequent mutations 
(“COVID-19”) as a pandemic; as at the date of this Propsectus, the pandemic is ongoing. National 
governments and supranational organisations in multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their 
populations from COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging home working, creation of furlough 
schemes, imposing travel restrictions, quarantines, the enforced closure of many businesses the 
cancellation of sporting, cultural and other events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of people and 
business operations, which may have contributed to the ensuing global economic downturn. 
Between 11 March 2020 and 30 September 2021, COVID-19 has had a significant impact on the 
Collateralised Currency Securities as central banks raced to support their economies, flooding the market 
with cheap credit and causing significant and frequent deviations in their currencies. As at the date of this 
document, a currency that has weakened across almost all major competitors is the USD, which only grew 
against the JPY. Almost all of the Collateralised Currency Securities that are long USD have dropped in 
value between 11 March 2020 and 30 September 2021 and all of the Collateralised Currency Securities 
that are short USD gained in value in the same period. As an example, the Issuer’s 3x Daily Short GBP

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Long USD dropped -19.37% in value between 11 March 2020 and 30 September 2021, with the opposite 
side of the currency pair, 3x Daily Long GBP Short USD, gaining 4.85% in the same period. The one times 
(1x) products of the other major currencies on the other hand remain relatively unaffected by large currency 
fluctuations. As an example, the one times (1x) (non-USD) Long AUD Short EUR gained 9.32% and the 
Short EUR Long GBP lost 4.09% between 11 March 2020 and 30 September 2021 (Source: Bloomberg, 
30 September 2021). While it is impossible to quantify or forecast how COVID-19, the global response and 
public sentiment, will affect foreign exchange rates and hence the Prices of each class of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature. 
Only Authorised Participants May Apply for or Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities 
Generally only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or requiring the Redemption 
of Collateralised Currency Securities, save in relation to redemptions where at any time there are no 
Authorised Participants or where the Issuer has announced by RIS in respect of a particular Pricing Day, or 
until further announcement or generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Persons will be permitted. The Issuer has agreed to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times 
there are at least two Authorised Participants. There can, however, be no assurance that there will at all 
times be an Authorised Participant to deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Collateralised 
Currency Securities. 
Under the Facility Agreement, MSIP as Currency Transaction Counterparty has the right to give notice 
(with immediate or delayed effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain 
circumstances, including if MSIP deems such person to be unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant 
for compliance or reputational reasons. As a result of any exercises of such right there could at any time be 
no Authorised Participants, with the result that no Collateralised Currency Securities could be issued. In such 
event it may also be difficult or impossible to sell Collateralised Currency Securities on the London Stock 
Exchange (or other exchanges if Collateralised Currency Securities are listed or traded thereon) at a price 
close to the Price therefor or within a reasonable time period, although Security Holders will be entitled to 
redeem their Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Early Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities 
An investment in Collateralised Currency Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Security 
Holder and at short notice (a Compulsory Redemption). In these circumstances, the Security Holder may 
suffer a loss if the cash value of the Collateralised Currency Securities is lower than it would otherwise 
have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security Holder, rather than on the 
date of the early redemption. Early redemption could also lead to a Security Holder incurring a tax charge 
that it would otherwise not be subject to. In addition, an investment in Collateralised Currency Securities may 
become subject to an Early Redemption earlier than desired by a Security Holder and if the  value of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities redeemed is lower than when they were purchased by the Security 
Holder, the Security Holder could suffer a loss. Early redemption may occur in the following circumstances: 
General right to effect an early Redemption 
The Issuer may, redeem all or some Collateralised Currency Securities of a particular class at any time, by 
giving not less than 30 days’ notice (or seven days’ notice in the event that the Facility Agreement is 
terminated) by RIS announcement to the Security Holders. 
Early Redemption on default 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer will be required to redeem all or some of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities upon receiving notice from the Trustee, provided that the Trustee has been instructed by a 
specified portion of the holders of Collateralised Currency Securities and indemnified, secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction. These circumstances include where (i) the Issuer has failed to comply with certain 
payment obligations in respect of the Redemption of any Collateralised Currency Securities (subject to 
certain remedies and/or exclusions), or (ii) the Currency Transaction Counterparty is subject to an “Event 
of Default” under the relevant ISDA Master Agreement to which it is a party, or (iii) the Issuer is subject to an 
insolvency event. 
Early Redemption on enforcement of security 
The Issuer will also be required to redeem all or some of the Collateralised Currency Securities where a 
Currency Transaction Counterparty (i.e. the counterparty to the Facility Agreement and ISDA Master

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Agreement) has given instructions to the Security Trustee to enforce security over certain of the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest. 
Early Redemption where MS&CO ceases to publish a Currency Index 
MS&CO may cease to publish a Currency Index. If so, all Collateralised Currency Securities of the class 
relating to that Currency Index may be redeemed. 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Collateralised Currency Security of 
a particular class, redeemed by way of the submission of an Index Redemption Form, will be the Principal 
Amount for that class or the Price of such Collateralised Currency Security on the applicable Pricing Day 
less, any Additional Redemption Fee (in the case of CNY Securities), whichever is higher. 
As each class of Collateralised Currency Security is a limited recourse security as described in Condition 3.2, 
it is in the interests of the Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for that class does not fall 
below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to avoid the Price of a class of Collateralised Currency 
Security falling below its Principal Amount (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption 
Fee) using the following methods. Where necessary, the Issuer will seek the agreement of not less than 75 
per cent of the Security Holders (by Extraordinary Resolution) to reduce the Principal Amount of a class of 
Collateralised Currency Security to a level less than its Price. The Issuer may also elect to redeem the 
Collateralised Currency Securities of any class if, on any Pricing Day the Price, (less, in the case of CNY 
Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee) of any class of Collateralised Currency Security falls to 5 times 
or below the Principal Amount. The Issuer may do so for so long as the Price (less, in the case of CNY 
Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee) remains below such amount. The Issuer must give not less 
than two days’ notice by RIS announcement. This right will cease once a resolution of not less than 75 per 
cent of the Security Holders (by Extraordinary Resolution) is passed to reduce the Principal Amount so that 
the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee) is more than 10 times the 
Principal Amount, subject to any further fall in the Price of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities 
to 5 times the revised Principal Amount or below. 
Early Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may redeem any Collateralised Currency Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors, held by Security Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications 
as to their status in accordance with the Conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the 
Conditions. The Issuer may do so at any time by not less than 7 and no more than 14 Pricing Days’ written 
notice. 
Compulsory Redemption on expiration of the Currency Transactions 
MSIP may terminate its appointment as a Currency Transaction Counterparty on not less than one year’s 
notice. If MSIP terminates its appointment and no other Currency Transaction Counterparty has been 
appointed, then the Currency Transactions will expire and unless MSIP is replaced by a new Currency 
Transaction Counterparty the Issuer may elect to redeem the outstanding Collateralised Currency 
Securities. 
Exchange Rate Risks 
Exposure to exchange rate returns calculated by reference to a base value two business days prior 
Each class of Collateralised Currency Security tracks a particular Currency Index and the return of such 
Currency Index includes an exposure of one times (1x), minus one times (-1x), two times (2x), minus two 
times (-2x), three times (3x), minus three times (-3x), five times (5x) or minus five times (-5x) the return on 
the exchange rate of a currency measured against the US Dollar, Euro or GBP, respectively. 
In each case, the exposure to the aforementioned exchange rate is determined on a particular day (Day T) 
by reference to a notional exposure which is calculated based on the closing level of the relevant Currency 
Index on Day T-2 (being the second business day prior to Day T for those markets described in the MSFXSM 
Manual) divided by the rate of exchange (as at Day T-2) for that currency against the US Dollar, Euro or 
GBP, respectively. The exposure to the exchange rate for Day T is equal to the notional exposure on Day T-2 
multiplied by the variation in the rate of exchange between Day T-1 (being the first business day prior to 
Day T for those markets described in the MSFXSM Manual) and Day T multiplied by the level of leverage 
for such class (i.e. 1x, -1x, 2x, -2x, 3x, -3x, 5x or -5x). The fact the return on a Collateralised Currency

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Security is calculated by reference to a notional exposure on Day T-2 means that it may not precisely match 
the variation in the exchange rate between Days T-1 and T multiplied by the level of leverage for such class. 
Such difference becomes more notable as the level of leverage and/or the volatility of the relevant 
exchange rate increases. In some cases it can lead to underperformance and in others it may lead to a class 
of Collateralised Currency Securities being subject to Compulsory Redemption. 
Exchange Rate Volatility 
In recent years, rates of exchange between currencies have become more volatile and this volatility may 
continue in the future, particularly in relation to emerging or developing nations’ currencies. Historic 
fluctuations in a particular exchange rate are not necessarily indicative of future movements in that 
exchange rate and a significant movement in an exchange rate can occur in a very short period of time. For 
example the Swiss National Bank announced on 15th January 2015 that it was discontinuing the minimum 
exchange rate of CHF 1.20 per Euro with the result that the Swiss Franc/Euro exchange rate increased by 
over 29% during the course of that day and by close on 15th January 2015 had increased by 18%. 
Factors that may influence the rate of exchange between currencies may include, without limitation, 
changing supply and demand for a particular currency, government and monetary authority policy and 
intervention, interest rate levels between two countries and the differential between such levels, global or 
regional political, economic or financial events that effect foreign exchange markets and a country’s debt 
level and trade deficit. 
Any change in the spot exchange rate of a Currency (which is the standard rate offered in the market for 
immediate settlement (usually within 1-2 days of the trade being placed)) against the Euro, GBP or USD (as 
relevant) on an Index Business Day will have either a positive or a negative impact on a Currency Index 
depending on whether that index tracks the particular exchange rate on a long basis or on a short basis. 
Accordingly exchange rate volatility on a particular day will have a positive impact on the level of certain 
Currency Indices and a negative impact on the level of other Currency Indices and, in each case, a 
corresponding positive or negative impact on the Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities (before fees 
and expenses) that track those particular Currency Indices. In these circumstances a Security Holder may 
suffer a loss. Where a Currency Index tracks an exchange rate on a leveraged long or a leveraged short 
basis the impact of any change in that exchange rate will have a greater positive or negative effect on the 
Currency Indices and, consequently, greater positive or negative impact on the Price of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities. 
Government Policy and Intervention 
Currency exchange rates can either float freely or be fixed by sovereign governments. Exchange rates of 
most economically developed nations are permitted to fluctuate in value relative to other currencies. 
However, governments of other nations may, from time to time, prevent their currencies from floating freely 
by using a variety of techniques, such as intervention by a country’s central bank, restrictions on local 
exchanges or markets, limitations on foreign investment in a country, other regulatory controls or taxes or 
changes in interest rates to influence the exchange rates of their currencies. These events and actions can 
be unpredictable and may cause unexpected volatility and instability with respect to a particular exchange 
rate. This could have a substantial and adverse effect on the performance of certain Currency Indices and, 
consequently, on the Price of the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities. Any reduction in the Price of 
the Collateralised Currency Securities could lead to losses for Security Holders if the value of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities drops below the price the Security Holder paid for those securities. 
Governments have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange controls that could 
also affect the availability of a specified currency. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible 
that a currency may become unavailable. 
Governments may also issue a new currency to replace an existing currency or alter the exchange rate or 
relative exchange characteristics by a change or reduction in the value of a currency. These governmental 
actions could change or interfere with currency valuations and currency fluctuations that would otherwise 
occur in response to economic forces, as well as in response to the movement of currencies across 
borders. 
Again, any such events may have a substantial and adverse effect on the performance of certain Currency 
Indices which track an exchange rate referable to the relevant Currency and, consequently, on the Price 
of the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities (see also Index Event and Hedging Disruption/Change 
of Law below).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
General Market Risk 
Day to day positive or negative movements in local and international financial markets and exchanges and 
factors that affect the investment climate and investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading in 
currencies comprised in the Currency Indices. Such movements may have an adverse effect on the level 
of a Currency Index which could, accordingly lead to a fall in the market price of Collateralised Currency 
Securities which will result in an investor in those securities incurring losses. Investors should note that 
these factors have different effects on each class of the Collateralised Currency Securities. This may be 
due to different currency exposures offered by different Collateralised Currency Securities and may be 
impacted by disruption in the currency that the Collateralised Currency Securities provide exposure to. 
Investors should be aware that positive or negative market sentiment can cause any Collateralised 
Currency Securities to go down in price as well as up. 
Emerging Market Risks 
Certain Currency Indices track the exchange rates of emerging market countries. In certain emerging 
market countries there is a higher than usual risk of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscatory taxation, any 
of which might have an adverse effect on the value of the currency in that country. 
Emerging market countries may also be subject to higher than usual risks of political changes, government 
regulation and social instability. Emerging market countries may be more exposed to the risk of swift 
political change and economic downturns than their industrialised counterparts. In recent years many 
emerging market countries have undergone significant political, economic and social change. In many cases, 
far-reaching political changes have resulted in constitutional and social tensions and, in some cases, 
instability and reactions against market reforms. Future political changes may adversely affect the 
economic conditions and therefore the currency of an emerging or developing market nation. Where one 
or more Currency Indices tracks the currency of an emerging market country political or economic instability 
is likely to have an adverse effect on the performance of certain Currency Indices, and, consequently, the 
Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Any Currency Indices that track exchange rates of emerging market countries may be adversely affected by 
any of the factors explained above and, therefore, the Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities of the 
relevant class may be adversely affected. Security Holders may suffer a loss as a result. 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) Risks 
The governments of certain emerging market economies have restricted the trading of their currencies and 
therefore it is not possible for foreign parties to own and trade these currencies for speculative purposes. 
In order to allow hedging and trading by foreign parties in these markets, a derivatives market has developed 
which allows parties to receive the equivalent US Dollar return on these currencies. These derivatives are 
called Non-Deliverable Forward Contracts or “NDFs”. A forward contract is an agreement to deliver an 
amount of a currency at a future date at a price agreed at the time the contract is made. A Non-Deliverable 
Forward Contract is a type of forward contract where an exchange rate is set for the currency at some point 
in the future (the ‘maturity date’) but no currency of that kind is ever delivered. The exchange rate at which 
the NDF settles is the rate set by a central bank in the relevant emerging market for immediate settlement 
(usually one to two days from the date the trade is placed). Such rate is known as the ‘spot rate’. The NDF 
is then settled at maturity between the two parties by the payment of the difference (representing either a 
net profit or net loss) between the rate that was agreed between the parties and the exchange rate at the 
maturity date. That net settlement occurs in a predetermined convertible currency, typically US Dollars, 
and no local currency is exchanged or delivered. 
As well as reflecting domestic currency product prices for the relevant currency, NDF prices may also reflect 
market expectations and supply and demand factors that may not or cannot be fully manifested in the 
relevant domestic currency product prices in a country with capital controls. The difference between 
onshore currency forward prices, where they are available, and NDFs can vary in periods of heightened 
investor caution or concern over potential change in the exchange rate regime or a perceived increase in 
onshore country risk. NDF prices can also be affected by various other factors, including the perceived 
probability of changes in foreign exchange controls or the relevant legal or regulatory regime in the relevant 
emerging market economies, speculative positioning, conditions in local onshore interest rate markets, the 
relationship between the offshore and onshore currency forward markets and central bank policies among 
other things. When international investors have restricted access to a country’s onshore interest rate 
markets or deposits in local currency, the NDF prices for that currency may be based primarily on the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
expected future level of the local exchange rate. As a result, NDF prices may not correlate to actual 
exchange rate movements or exchange rate movements in the future. Additionally, because NDFs are used 
to provide access to market participants where access to the local onshore currency market is limited or 
restricted, the level of local interest rates may also not be reflected in NDF prices. 
The NDF markets are subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors, including 
(i) the lack of liquidity in the markets, (ii) the participation of speculators, and (iii) government regulation 
and intervention. In addition, if a majority of market participants share the same view, then excess buying 
or selling pressure may result in the difference between the price at which participants are willing to buy 
and sell (the “Bid/Offer Spread”) such NDF widening. These circumstances or any other event that causes a 
material disruption in, or otherwise causes the NDF market to cease to exist could adversely affect the 
value of a Currency Index or otherwise cause that Currency Index to cease to be published and this could 
affect the value of Collateralised Currency Securities or result in the relevant classes of Collateralised 
Currency Securities being compulsorily redeemed. Such compulsory redemption may result in the 
collateralised currency securities being redeemed earlier than desired by the Security Holder and at short 
notice. In these circumstances, the Security Holder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a 
day chosen by the Security Holder. 
Reliance on Information 
MS&CO use, and rely on, information obtained from various sources to undertake calculations in relation to 
the Currency Indices. MS&CO do not and will not independently verify the information extracted from those 
sources. There is no assurance that the information extracted by MS&CO from those souces will not 
contain inaccuracies. If such information is inaccurate and an investor relies on the information in making 
an investment decision, there is a risk that an investor could incur losses. 
Currency Liquidity 
Currencies and derivatives contracts on currencies may be difficult to buy or sell, particularly under adverse 
market conditions. This reduced liquidity on any Pricing Day would be likely to have an impact on the spot 
exchange rate of a Currency and therefore on the level of any related Currency Indices. This would have a 
corresponding effect on the Price of the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities and a Security Holder 
may suffer a loss as a result (see also Index Event and Hedging Disruption/Change of Law below). 
Change of Currency Index 
The Facility Agreement allows for a change in the Currency Index used to Price the Collateralised Currency 
Securities. MSIP and the Issuer may agree to use a different currency index provided that, amongst other 
things, Security Holders are given a minimum of 30 days’ notice of the intended change. 
Currency 
The Price of Collateralised Currency Securities will be calculated in the Relevant Currency, being either 
Euros, Sterling or US Dollars. To the extent that a Security Holder values Collateralised Currency Securities 
in another currency, that value may be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the Relevant 
Currency and that other currency. 
Trading Currency 
The Issuer has applied for certain Collateralised Currency Securities to be admitted to trading on the 
London Stock Exchange in currencies other than the Relevant Currency. The Price of Collateralised 
Currency Securities will be calculated in the Relevant Currency, being either Euros, Sterling or US Dollars. To 
the extent that a Security Holder values Collateralised Currency Securities in another currency, that value 
may be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the Relevant Currency and that other currency. 
Trading Collateralised Currency Securities in a currency other than the Relevant Currency will be at the risk 
of the Security Holder, as the Issuer only undertakes to pay any Redemption Amounts due to Security Holders 
in the currency in which the Collateralised Currency Securities are denominated. The Security Holder will, 
therefore, incur a loss if the Redemption Amount due in the Relevant Currency is less than it would be in 
the other currency that the Security Holder values their Collateralised Currency Securities (based on the 
exchange rate at that time). This risk may increase in times where there is increased volatility in the FX

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
markets. In addition, this risk may be more acute when taking a short position against a particular Relevant 
Currency than when taking a long position against such Relevant Currency. 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Collateralised Currency Securities trade on the London Stock Exchange (or 
any other exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect accurately the Price 
of Collateralised Currency Securities. The application and redemption procedures for Collateralised Currency 
Securities and the role of certain Authorised Participants as market-makers are intended to minimise this 
potential difference or “tracking error”. However, the market price of Collateralised Currency Securities will be 
a function of (amongst other things) costs incurred by Authorised Participants in subscribing for and 
requiring Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities (including any applicable Application Fees, 
Redemption Fees and taxes), supply and demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Collateralised 
Currency Securities and the resulting Bid/Offer Spread that market-makers are willing to quote for 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The Issuer’s ability to issue new Collateralised Currency Securities is subject to its ability to hedge its 
obligations under new Collateralised Currency Securities with corresponding Currency Transactions. 
Although MSIP has agreed to enter into Currency Transactions with an initial aggregate Volume of up to 
US$5,000,000,000 (subject to daily and class-specific limits), if demand for each of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities exceeds this amount and the Issuer is not able to create more Currency Transactions, 
or if the demand for issue of Collateralised Currency Securities exceeds the daily or the class-specific 
Volume limits, then Collateralised Currency Securities may trade at a premium to their underlying value 
(the Price). Investors who pay a premium risk losing the premium if demand for Collateralised Currency 
Securities reduces or if the Issuer is able to source more Currency Transactions. Collateralised Currency 
Securities could trade at a discount to the Price if the Issuer has received redemption requests in excess 
of the Redemption Limits (which are or include daily limits). 
Redemption/Creation Notices for CNY Securities to be delivered by different Creation Notice Deadline 
As described in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities) of this Prospectus, the delivery of 
an Index Creation Notice or a Redemption Form in respect of CNY Securities must have been received on 
the London Business Day immediately preceding a Pricing Day. This means that the Collateralised Currency 
Securities to which such Index Creation Notice or Redemption Form relates will normally be priced on the 
Pricing Day immediately following the London Business Day on which such notices are received. As a result 
of this, there is market risk on movements between the London Business Day on which an Index Creation 
Notice or Redemption Form is delivered and the Pricing Day for the relevant Collateralised Currency 
Securities. A Security Holder may suffer a loss if the price of the CNY Securities changes between the date 
on which the Index Creation Notice or Redemption Form is delivered and the Pricing Day. 
Additional Closing Fee may increase in proportion to the increase in the number of Redemptions of CNY 
Securities 
Additional Redemption Fees are payable on the Redemption of CNY Securities which are calculated by 
reference to the Additional Closing Fees incurred by the Issuer in connection with closing the corresponding 
Currency Transactions. The Additional Closing Fees payable by the Issuer to MSIP in respect of a 
Redemption of CNY Securities are linked to the bid/offer spreads in the non- deliverable currency forward 
markets (which are the prices at which non-deliverable currency forward contracts are offered for purchase 
and for sale in the market). Bid/Offer Spreads in the non-deliverable currency forward markets may widen 
if there is an increase in selling/trading activity in such markets. Accordingly, the Redemption Amount 
payable to a Security Holder in respect of a redemption of CNY Securities could be significantly reduced 
where the bid/offer spreads of the relevant non-deliverable currency forwards markets widen (as the 
difference between the price at which non-deliverable currency contracts are offered for purchase and for 
sale increases). This could result in a Security Holder getting less than they expected upon redemption of 
their Collateralised Currency Securities. If as a result of trading activity in the underlying currency market, 
a Security Holder seeks to require the Redemption of CNY Securities, that same trading activity may in itself 
cause bid/offer spreads to widen, so as to reduce the Redemption Amount payable to that Security Holder. 
The Issuer may change the Additional Closing Fee or the Additional Redemption Fee at any time 
The Issuer has the power, by supplemental agreement, instrument or deed, to amend the Conditions, the 
Trust Instrument, any Security Deed or amend or novate any of the Trustee Consent Documents if that

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
amendment relates to an Additional Closing Fee or Additional Redemption Fee for example to make an 
amendment to the definitions of those terms or to change the basis on which Additional Closing Fees or 
Additional Redemption Fees may be incurred or become payable. Additional Redemption Fees (which are 
calculated by reference to Additional Closing Fees incurred by the Issuer in relation to the Currency 
Transactions) reduce the amount an investor in CNY Securities will obtain on Redemption of those 
Collateralised Currency Securities. As a result, any changes that the Issuer introduces which relate to 
Additional Redemption Fees or Additional Closing Fees may have a negative impact on the overall return 
available to an investor on Redemption of CNY Securities which could lead to a Security Holder making a 
loss. 
Additional Closing Fees and Additional Redemption Fees are calculated by reference to the Price of 
securities on Rebalancing Dates for NDFs 
The Additional Closing Fee in respect of the CNY Currency Transactions (and therefore the Additional 
Redemption Fee payable by the Security Holder) is calculated as at the Pricing Day on which the 
Redemption of the equivalent Currency Transactions (the CNY Transactions) is priced (Redemption 
Date). The fee is calculated by reference to the number of CNY Transactions being closed and therefore the 
corresponding number of underlying CNY Securities (as applicable) being Redeemed and (normally) the 
Price of those Collateralised Currency Securities as at the immediately preceding Rebalancing Date 
(Relevant Rebalancing Date) and not the Price of those Collateralised Currency Securities on the 
Redemption Date. 
Where the Price of CNY Securities goes down between the Relevant Rebalancing Date and the 
Redemption Date, the Additional Closing Fee would be calculated against a number of CNY Currency 
Transactions which is greater than the number of CNY Securities being redeemed. This fee would be 
higher than if it were based on the Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities on the Redemption Date. 
This increase in the Additional Closing Fee would be passed on to the Security Holder Redeeming the 
relevant CNY Securities by way of the Additional Redemption Fee. 
For example, an investor who buys CNY Securities on March 1st of any given year, and requests 
Redemption of such CNY Securities on 15th of March, would find that the Additional Closing Fee (and 
therefore the Additional Redemption Fee) could be calculated against a notional closing volume set by 
reference to the Price of those securities on 25th February of that year (which would normally be the 
Rebalancing Date immediately preceding 15th March). As a consequence of this, if the Price of CNY 
Securities on 26th February is the same as on 15th March the notional closing volume against which the 
Additional Closing Fee (and therefore the Additional Redemption Fee) is calculated would reflect the actual 
underlying volume of such CNY Securities. If the Price were to decrease in that period, however, the 
notional closing volume would be greater than the actual closing volume and therefore the Additional Closing 
Fee and Additional Redemption Fee would be calculated by reference to a higher notional closing volume 
than the actual closing volume. 
As a result (given that the Additional Redemption Fee is deducted from the Redemption Amount), investors 
overall return from an investment in CNY Securities may be adversely affected as the Redemption Amount 
may be reduced. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Behaviour of Currency Indices 
Future performance of Currency Indices 
The level of the Currency Index which a class of Collateralised Currency Security tracks may go down as 
well as up. Furthermore, the level of the Currency Index at any specific date may not reflect its prior 
performance or demonstrate its likely future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future 
performance of a Currency Index and reference sources for any of the rates or inputs used in a 
methodology for any Currency Index may be changed by an Index Sponsor. MS&CO may also replace a 
Developed Market Currency that has ceased to exist for any reason with its legal successor. MS&CO may 
adjust a methodology or its components to take account of the removal or replacement of a Developed 
Market Currency. Accordingly, before investing in the Collateralised Currency Securities, prospective 
investors  should  carefully  consider  whether  an  investment  in  Collateralised Currency Securities where 
the return is based on the performance of the Currency Index is suitable for them. In all cases an investor 
in Collateralised Currency Securities should carry out its own detailed review of the Currency Index. 
Calculation of Daily Collateral Yield

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Prior to 10 April 2017, the Daily Collateral Yield was calculated by reference to T-Bill, EONIA or SONIA 
subject to a zero percent floor being applied to these interest rates, so that the Daily Collateral Yield could 
not be negative. With effect on and from 10 April 2017 (the “Amendment Date”), the Index Sponsor removed 
the zero percent floor from the index calculation methodology for each of the Currency Indices. 
As a result on and from the Amendment Date, the Daily Currency Yield with respect to a Currency Index 
can be negative and the level of a Currency Index could fall, or could rise by less than it otherwise would 
have risen if the zero percent floor had remained. This risk arises with respect to Short Currency Indices as 
well as Long Currency Indices. It arises even for a Short Currency Index reflecting a short position on USD, 
Euros or GBP because, if T-Bill, EONIA or SONIA (respectively) is less than zero, this will reduce the Daily 
Collateral Yield and would make it negative. 
Adjustments to a Currency Index 
The Manual gives the Index Sponsor a broad discretion to make modifications and adjustments to a 
Currency Index as are necessary to maintain such Currency Index as a tradeable benchmark. For example, 
the Currency Indices reference interest rates (such as LIBOR, EONIA and SONIA). If the relevant interest 
rate ceases to be published or the Index Sponsor otherwise determines in accordance with the Manual 
that an alternative interest should be used, then the Index Sponsor may make adjustments to the Currency 
Index accordingly. Modifications and adjustments to a Currency Index may affect the level of that Currency 
Index and ultimately the value of Collateralised Currency Securities referencing that Currency Index. 
LIBOR and EONIA Transition 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”) (the administrator of LIBOR) and the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) announced that sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese 
yen LIBOR panels, as well as panels for 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR, will cease as at the end of 
2021, with the remaining US dollar LIBOR panels ceasing at end-June 2023.  Various LIBOR rates are, 
therefore, scheduled to be discontinued from 31 December 2021.  
On 29 September 2021, however, the FCA issued a statement announcing its decision to use new powers 
under the Financial Services Act 2021 to compel IBA at least for the duration of 2022 to publish the 1-
month , 3-month and 6-month sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR settings under a changed “synthetic” 
methodology for use in legacy contracts.  The FCA’s statement indicates that: “the synthetic rate has been 
chosen by the FCA to provide a reasonable and fair approximation of what panel bank LIBOR might have 
been in the future. The synthetic rates will no longer, however, be 'representative' as defined in the 
Benchmarks Regulation (BMR)”. 
On 31 May 2019, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) (the administrator of EONIA) first 
announced its intention to discontinue its provision of EONIA on 3 January 2022.   
As a result there is a risk that the Index Sponsor may make adjustments or modifications to one or more 
Currency Indices (or discontinue the publication of any such Currency Index), in order to take account of 
the proposed discontinuance of LIBOR and/or EONIA.  There  is a risk that any such change may take 
effect before LIBOR and/or EONIA are scheduled to be discontinued, and that the change may result in a 
change to the level and behaviour of the Currency Index in question, affecting the value of Collateralised 
Currency Securities referencing that Currency Index.  
Index Event and Hedging Disruption/Change of Law 
Each class of Collateralised Currency Securities is priced by reference to a Currency Index. A Currency 
Index may become subject to disruption, including in the circumstances set out below. Any of these events 
could have an adverse impact on the value of the class of Collateralised Currency Security that is priced 
by reference to that Currency Index. A Currency Index may become subject to disruption, including (without 
limitation) on the occurrence of: 
• 
adjustments to the underlying exchange rates upon which the Currency Index is based (e.g. a 
relevant Currency being discontinued or removed from circulation); 
• 
events or conditions (including changes of law, regulation or tax) that (i) result in the reduction or 
removal of liquidity in any Currency that generally makes it impossible, illegal or impracticable for 
market participants, or hinders, disrupts or impairs them from (a) converting a Currency, (b) effecting 
currency transactions or obtaining market values in respect of such Currency, (c) obtaining a firm 
quote for an exchange rate in respect of such Currency, or (d) obtaining the relevant exchange rate 
A17.2.2.3

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
by reference to the applicable price sources, or (ii) leads to or may lead to a currency peg regime 
(whereby the value of a currency is linked or ‘pegged’ to the value of another major currency); 
• 
a declaration of a banking freeze or moratorium, suspension of payments by banks in the country of 
any Currency or the declaration of capital or currency controls; 
• 
force majeure events specified by an Index Provider, as a result of which a Currency Index becomes 
unavailable; 
• 
changes to the method of calculating the value of any Currency where (in the view of an Index 
Provider) the conventional market quotation value for that Currency no longer fairly represents the 
value of that Currency; 
• 
an Index Provider concluding there is a material difference between a Currency exchange rate, as 
determined by the rate source specified for the relevant Currency Index and another market source; 
• 
the Closing Level or a Currency Index being unavailable and/or unpublished on a relevant source or 
screen on any Pricing Day; 
• 
the Closing Level or a Currency Index being (or a Currency Transaction Counterparty determining that 
it is) manifestly incorrect; 
• 
a Currency Transaction Counterparty determining that it is unable to obtain, hold, modify or unwind a 
hedge position in relation to a Currency Transaction or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such hedge position; 
• 
a change of law, tax or regulation which gives rise to a materially increased cost for a Currency 
Transaction Counterparty in performing its obligations in relation to any Currency Transaction, 
(and including the occurrence of any “adjustment events” or “market disruption events” as defined in the 
MSFXSM Indices Manual published by MS&CO (the “Manual”) or the Hedging Disruption / Change of Law 
event as specified in the Master Confirmation Agreement (see Master Confirmation Agreement in Part 8 
(Summary of Transaction Documents)). 
If any such event or disruption occurs a Currency Transaction Counterparty may have the right to terminate 
the Currency Transaction relevant to that Currency Index and the Issuer may need to exercise its rights to 
initiate a Compulsory Redemption of some or all Collateralised Currency Securities of the relevant class. 
In these circumstances, the amount which a Security Holder may receive in respect of that Redemption 
may be lower than the amount they would otherwise have been entitled to on Redemption (see No 
Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Class Collateral Pool and Early Redemption of Collateralised 
Currency Securities below). 
Counterparty and Service Providers 
Index Calculations by MS&CO 
The Issuer is not affiliated with MS&CO in any way (except for the licensing arrangements described in this 
Prospectus) and has no ability to control or predict its actions, including any errors in or discontinuation of 
disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the calculation of the Currency Indices. The policies 
of MS&CO concerning the calculation of the level of the Currency Indices could adversely affect the value 
of the Currency Indices and, therefore, the market value of the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Currency Transaction Counterparty Credit Risk and Default 
Although Collateralised Currency Securities are secured by the applicable Class Collateral Pool, the value 
of such Collateralised Currency Securities and the ability of the Issuer to pay the Redemption Amount 
remains partly dependent on the receipt of amounts due from a Currency Transaction Counterparty under 
the ISDA Master Agreement and (if applicable) the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, and may be 
affected by the deterioration of the credit and/or a downgrade in the credit rating of such Currency 
Transaction Counterparty. Such deterioration/downgrade in the credit or credit rating of a Currency 
Transaction Counterparty could cause some or all classes of Collateralised Currency Securities to trade at 
a discount to the Price and could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
The rights of the Issuer against a Currency Transaction Counterparty under a Facility Agreement, the ISDA 
Master Agreement and (if applicable) the Global Master Repurchase Agreement will rank only as an 
unsecured claim against such Currency Transaction Counterparty. There can be no assurance that a

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Currency Transaction Counterparty will be able to fulfil its payment and/or delivery obligations under an 
ISDA Master Agreement and/or Global Master Repurchase Agreement. 
Credit Risk on Custodian and Collateral Administrator 
The Issuer will hold assets comprised in the Counterparty Collateral Pool relevant to its dealings with MSIP 
in the BONY Accounts, which together form the Relevant Issuer Account relevant to MSIP. Where the Issuer 
holds cash in any of these accounts, that cash will not be held on trust or as client money for the Issuer, 
but will comprise unsecured debt obligations of the Custodian and Collateral Administrator to the Issuer. In 
the event of the insolvency of the Custodian or Collateral Administrator, the Issuer would be an unsecured 
creditor in respect of any cash standing to its credit in the Relevant Issuer Account. 
The Issuer is dependent on the Collateral Administrator to perform the Core Functions. If the Collateral 
Administrator does not do so, the Issuer may be unable to perform its obligations under the MSIP ISDA 
Master Agreement and the MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement or to perform its obligations to 
make payments in respect of Redemptions. Similarly, the Issuer is dependent on the Custodian performing 
its functions under the BONY Custody Agreement to be able to make payments in respect of Redemptions.  
If the Collateral Administrator fails to perform its Core Functions for a continuous period of 5 Repo Days, the 
obligations of the parties under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement may be terminated on the payment of a 
final Daily Payment Amount in respect of each Currency Transaction at that time and may be accelerated 
under the MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement as at that point. 
The Issuer has the power to initiate a Compulsory Redemption of some or all affected Collateralised 
Currency Securities in this situation. In this eventuality, the amount which a Security Holder may receive in 
respect of that Redemption may be lower than the Redemption Amount (see No Recourse Except to the 
Issuer and the Class Collateral Pool below). 
Further, in the Security Deed relating to the Counterparty Collateral Pool relating to MSIP, the Issuer will 
grant an assignment by way of security over its rights under the Assigned Agreements, including its rights 
under the Custody Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement, and will grant security over 
assets in the Custody Account and the Collateral Receiver Account. Eligible Collateral in the form of 
securities held by BONY (as Custodian and Collateral Administrator) may be held by BONY with sub- 
custodians in various jurisdictions pursuant to separate agreements. BONY will not be responsible for the 
acts, omissions, insolvency or dissolution of a sub-custodian and no separate security is taken over BONY’s 
interests under these sub-custody arrangements. As a result the insolvency of BONY or of any sub-
custodian may affect the effectiveness of the security arrangements and therefore the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations under the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Realisation of Eligible Collateral by the Issuer 
If a Currency Transaction Counterparty defaults on its obligation to repurchase equivalent Eligible 
Collateral pursuant to a Global Master Repurchase Agreement, the Issuer may exercise its rights under the 
relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement to realise such Eligible Collateral. The Eligible Collateral 
may not be of sufficient value to cover all Redemption Amounts payable to Security Holders because (i) 
the Issuer may not be able to realise all or some of the Eligible Collateral at the prices they were valued (ii) 
all or part of the Eligible Collateral may be denominated in a different currency to certain Redemption 
Amounts or Relevant Repo Amounts or (iii) there may be additional costs associated with the realisation 
of the Eligible Collateral. In addition there can be no certainty as to the timeliness of any such realisation. 
Under the terms of the Custody Agreement, the Custodian may utilise sub-custodians in various 
jurisdictions in connection with the custody of the Eligible Collateral. In the event that the Issuer exercises its 
rights under the relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement to realise such Eligible Collateral and the 
Eligible Collateral is held with such sub-custodians as arranged by the Custodian, realisation of the Eligible 
Collateral may take longer and a Security Holder may therefore experience delays in receiving amounts 
due to them. 
If the amounts received by the Issuer upon the realisation of collateral (whether realised from the Custodian 
or any sub-custodian) following default by a Currency Transaction Counterparty are not sufficient to fully 
cover the Issuer’s payment obligations to Security Holders then a Security Holder may incur a significant 
loss. 
Characterisation of the Security

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
In each Security Deed the Issuer will grant security over the relevant Counterparty Collateral Pool governed 
by English law which is expressed to take effect as fixed security. A court, however, may hold that such 
security constitutes floating security. To the extent English law were applicable, in these circumstances any 
preferential creditors and liquidation or administration expenses in respect of the Issuer would be payable 
in priority of the beneficiaries under the Priority Waterfall. In such circumstances, this could reduce the 
amount available under each Class Collateral Pool to make payments to Security Holders who may suffer 
a loss as a result. 
The Issuer will take the following steps to perfect the security granted under the Security Deed relating to 
the Counterparty Collateral Pool relating to MSIP: (a) the Issuer will notify BONY of the security so granted 
in writing; (b) the Issuer, BONY, MSIP and the Security Trustee will enter into an agreement restricting 
BONY’s ability to make cash payments from the Custody Account or the Collateral Receiver Account in 
circumstances inconsistent with the Issuer’s covenants under clause 25 of the Security Deed; (c) the Issuer’s 
grant of the security interest is to be expressly acknowledged in the Custody Agreement and the Collateral 
Administration Agreement with provision made under those contracts for BONY to act on the instructions of 
the Security Trustee enforcing the security. 
The Issuer may take further steps if required in order to perfect such security under English law. However the 
security so granted may not be recognised or perfected under the laws of other jurisdictions in which some 
or all of the assets comprising a Counterparty Collateral Pool may be deemed to be located. In the event 
that it becomes necessary to enforce the security created by the Security Deed in a jurisdiction that does not 
recognise the security granted by the Security Deed (or in which it has not been perfected), there may be 
delays in enforcing the security or it may not be possible to enforce such security. This could result in 
losses to Security Holders. 
Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its function, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the 
Collateralised Currency Security Holders as a whole and will not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Collateralised Currency Security Holders and the Trustee will not be entitled to 
require, nor will any Collateralised Currency Security Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Collateralised Currency Security Holders. 
No Guarantee 
No member of the Morgan Stanley Group or any other person has guaranteed the performance of the 
Issuer’s obligations, and no Security Holder has any direct rights of enforcement against any such person. 
There can be no assurance that any Currency Transaction Counterparty will be able to fulfil its payment 
obligations under the relevant Currency Transactions, Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement, Global 
Master Repurchase Agreement or Collateral Administration Agreement. If any Currency Transaction 
Counterparty were unable to fulfil such payment obligation, the Issuer may not be able to fully meet its 
obligations to the Security Holders; this could have an adverse impact on the value of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities and Security Holders could suffer a loss as a result. However the Security Trustee on 
behalf of the Security Holders may in the circumstances specified in the Security Deed enforce the rights of 
the Issuer under the Currency Transactions, the ISDA Master Agreement, the Facility Agreement, the Global 
Master Repurchase Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement.Activities of Currency 
Transaction Counterparties and Authorised Participants 
A Currency Transaction Counterparty and any of its affiliates may be an active trader in the currency 
markets. These trading activities may present a conflict between the interests of holders of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities and the interests that a Currency Transaction Counterparty and its 
affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts, in facilitating transactions, including options and other 
derivatives transactions, for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading 
activities, if they influence the value of a Currency Index, could be adverse to the interests of the holders of 
the Collateralised Currency Securities of such class. Moreover, Currency Transaction Counterparties 
and/or their respective affiliates have or may have published and in the future would be expected to publish 
research reports with respect to some or all of the Currency Indices. This research is modified from time 
to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with 
purchasing or holding the Collateralised Currency Securities and currencies generally.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The research should not be viewed as a recommendation or endorsement of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities in any way and investors must make their own independent investigation of the merits of this 
investment. Any of these activities of a Currency Transaction Counterparty or its affiliates may affect the 
value of the Currency Indices and, therefore, the market value of the Collateralised Currency Securities. In 
addition, the Authorised Participants or their Affiliates also trade in various sectors of the currency markets. 
These activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security Holders 
and could have a negative impact on the Price of Collateralised Currency Securities and could result in a 
loss to Security Holders. 
Conflict of Interest 
As at the date of this Prospectus, MSIP is the sole Currency Transaction Counterparty and the Currency 
Indices are published and calculated by MS&CO. MS&CO calculates and publishes the Currency Indices in 
accordance with the Manual. The Manual, however, allows MS&CO some discretion as to how such 
calculations are made. In particular, MS&CO has discretion in selecting from the potential methods of how 
to calculate the Currency Indices in the event the regular means of determining the value of the exchange 
rate of the relevant Currency Index is unavailable at the time such determination is scheduled to take place. 
MS&CO has even more discretion in the case of a force majeure event relating to a Currency Index. 
Determinations made by MS&CO may, therefore, affect the value of certain Currency Indices and therefore 
the Price of the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities. Since determinations made by MS&CO may 
affect the level of the Daily Payment Amounts payable by MSIP under the Currency Transactions, a potential 
conflict of interest may exist between MS&CO and MSIP. This potential conflict of interest could lead to 
Security Holders incurring a loss if MS&CO exercise their discretion in a way that, whilst beneficial to 
MS&CO or MSIP, would lead to a reduction in the value of a particular class or classes of Collateralised 
Currency Securities and would therefore be detrimental to Security Holders. 
Legal Risks 
No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Class Collateral Pool 
Collateralised Currency Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer. In particular, Collateralised 
Currency Securities will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Registrar, any member of the Morgan Stanley Group, any direct or indirect shareholder of the 
Issuer or any of the Authorised Participants. The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the 
purpose of issuing exchange traded currency securities and has no assets other than those attributable to 
the Collateralised Currency Securities. The amounts that a Security Holder could receive following a claim 
against the Issuer are limited to the proceeds of realisation of the secured property applicable to such 
Security Holder’s class of Collateralised Currency Securities and as the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
formed only for the purpose of issuing the Collateralised Currency Securities, the Issuer would have no 
further assets against which the Security Holder could claim. In the event that the proceeds of realisation of 
the secured property is insufficient to cover the amount payable to the Security Holder, the Security Holder 
would suffer a loss. 
None of the Security Holders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, bring, institute 
or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, 
winding-up or any other similar proceedings in relation to the Issuer. There is also the risk that the Issuer 
may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether or not in respect of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non petition limitations. 
If the net proceeds of realisation of the Class Collateral Pool, following enforcement of the relevant Security 
Deed (and the payment of all prior ranking claims), are less than the aggregate amount payable in such 
circumstances by the Issuer in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of that class, the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of such Collateralised Currency Securities will be limited to the net proceeds of 
realisation of that Class Collateral Pool. In such circumstances the assets (if any) of the Issuer attributable 
to other Counterparty Collateral Pools will not be available for payment of such shortfall, the rights of the 
relevant Security Holders to receive any further amounts in respect of such obligations shall be 
extinguished and none of the Security Holders or the Trustee may take any further action to recover such 
amounts. 
A9.4.1 
 
A9.5.1 
A14.5.4.2

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
All monies received by the Security Trustee on the realisation of the security constituted by any Security 
Deed over a Counterparty Collateral Pool will be applied by the Security Trustee in accordance with the 
order of priority known as the “Priority Waterfall”. Security Holders rank below the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee and the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty (in respect of its claims under the Relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement, the Relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement and the Relevant Facility 
Agreement) in such Priority Waterfall. In addition, a Relevant Issuer Account may be subject to the prior lien 
of a Custodian or Collateral Administrator. Accordingly, if the Issuer owes the Trustee, the Security Trustee, 
the Custodian, the Collateral Administrator and/or the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty 
amounts that are not contemplated in the ordinary course, this may result in a shortfall in a Class 
Counterparty Pool and adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to pay the Redemption Amount in full to 
Security Holders who may suffer a loss as a result. 
Following the priority of payments, the security may be insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to return 
the full Redemption Amount to investors who may suffer a loss as a result. 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Security Trustee shall enforce the security constituted by one or more Security Deeds on behalf of a 
Security Holder only if it is directed to do so by the Trustee or a Currency Transaction Counterparty in the 
circumstances set out below and indemnified. The Trustee shall instruct the Security Trustee to enforce 
only if: 
(a) 
a “Defaulted Obligation” whereby the Issuer has failed to make or procure any payment in respect of 
the Redemption of any Collateralised Currency Securities, (other than where the Issuer is subject to 
an issuer insolvency event (including but not limited to the insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of 
the Issuer or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it or substantially the whole of its 
assets) according to the provisions of this Prospectus or a Counterparty is subject to an “Event of 
Default” under the relevant ISDA Master Agreement to which it is party and which is continuing for 
such class has occurred and is continuing at such time) has occurred and is continuing and if so 
directed in writing by Security Holders of the impacted classes holding not less than 10 per cent. by 
Principal Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written notice) of Collateralised 
Currency Securities of such impacted classes; 
(b) 
a Counterparty is subject to an “Event of Default” under the relevant ISDA Master Agreement to 
which it is party and as a result any Redemption Notice in respect of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of any class issued on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid 
pursuant to Condition 6.8(g) or 6.17(c) or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such 
class for a period of 30 Pricing Days, and if so directed in writing by Security Holders of the impacted 
classes holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee 
of the latest written notice) of Collateralised Currency Securities of those impacted classes; 
(c) 
an Issuer insolvency event (including but not limited to the insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Issuer or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it or substantially the whole of its 
assets) has occurred and is continuing and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the written 
notice) of all the Collateralised Currency Securities of all the classes then outstanding, 
in each case subject to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
Each Currency Transaction Counterparty has an independent right to require the Security Trustee to 
enforce the security constituted by the Security Deed applicable to such Currency Transaction 
Counterparty where a CTC Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing. There is no obligation on 
the Currency Transaction Counterparty to take account of the interests of Security Holders when exercising 
such right, who could suffer losses as a result. 
Realisation of the Security by the Security Trustee 
When the Security Trustee realises all or part of the security over any Gross Class Collateral Pool for any 
class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the amount realised may be insufficient to cover the Issuer's 
obligations to pay the relevant Compulsory Redemption Amount after having paid all prior ranking claims in 
the Priority Waterfall and as a result Security Holders may receive and be entitled to receive less than that 
Compulsory Redemption Amount (see No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Class Collateral Pool 
above). 
A14.4.6

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Further, the process of realisation could, in some circumstances, take a substantial period of time and 
Security Holders may receive and be entitled to receive the Compulsory Redemption Amount (or such 
lesser amount to which they are entitled as a result of the limited recourse nature of the  Collateralised 
Currency Securities) only at the end of that substantial period. Factors which may affect the level of 
recovery or realisation by a Security Trustee include (but are not limited to): 
• 
Currency conversion risk. Assets may be realised in a variety of currencies which do not match the 
Relevant Currency, in particular because (a) where an ISDA Master Agreement is terminated on the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Early Termination Amount determined under that agreement 
will be payable in one currency only (and in the case of the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement, this 
currency is US Dollars); (b) where the obligations under a Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
are accelerated on the occurrence of an Event of Default, the resulting net payment obligation is 
payable in one currency only (and in the case of the MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement, this 
currency is US Dollars); (c) the amounts payable under other agreements (such as Facility 
Agreements) may be payable in particular currencies; and (d) the assets comprising Eligible 
Collateral in any Gross Class Collateral Pool may be denominated in a variety of currencies, 
including but not limited to, the Relevant Currencies. 
• 
Liquidation Risk. The Security Trustee may not be able to realise Eligible Collateral assets at the 
prices they were valued when they were delivered, because of movements in market prices, liquidity 
and other factors in the markets for those Eligible Collateral assets. 
• 
Market Risk and timing of enforcement action. Enforcement action may take place after the 
effective date of termination and close-out of an ISDA Master Agreement or after the date on which an 
Event of Default occurs under the Global Master Repurchase Agreement. As a result the value of 
Eligible Collateral (and of any relevant currency exchange rate) may be subject to market movement 
between such date(s) and the date of realisation. The Issuer may agree with a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty that Eligible Collateral should be provided to a value which, on the day it is provided, 
is higher by a proportion (the haircut) than the value of the obligations to which it relates, but there 
is no guarantee that any such haircut would be sufficient to address market movements in all 
situations. 
• 
Default by Currency Transaction Counterparty or Collateral Administrator. A Currency 
Transaction Counterparty and/or Collateral Administrator may be in breach of all or any of its 
obligations under any agreement to which it is a party, including obligations to make payments to or 
deliver assets to the Issuer. 
• 
Prior claims. The assets comprising any Gross Class Collateral Pool may be subject to prior claims 
of any prior secured party (and the Custody Agreement and Collateral Administration Agreement 
provide for liens in favour of the Custodian and Collateral Administrator over the Custody Account 
and the Collateral Receiver Account which would take effect prior to the security constituted by the 
Security Deed) (see Security is subject to the Priority Waterfall above). 
• 
Calculations: The Security Trustee and the Trustee, in the first instance, is dependent on the Issuer 
to perform the calculation referred to in Condition 13.5. However, if the Issuer is insolvent it may not 
be in a position to do so and if the Issuer does not perform the calculation, the Security Trustee and 
the Trustee may perform such calculation or engage an Investment Advisor to do so. If within 5 days 
of the realisation of the relevant assets neither the Issuer nor an Investment Advisor has made that 
calculation then the Security Trustee may distribute on such basis as it considers (in its absolute 
discretion) to be a pro rata basis without liability to Security Holders. 
Ability to enforce, and manner of enforcement of the security by the Security Trustee 
In certain circumstances, it may be possible for the Issuer to apply to the English courts to be placed in 
administration, or for a stay of enforcement against it. If this occurs, this may affect the ability of the Security 
Trustee to enforce the security, or the manner of its enforcement. 
European Market Infrastructure Regulations (EMIR) 
EU Regulation No 648/2012 on OTC derivatives (as amended) (known as the “European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation” or “EMIR”) introduced new reporting, central clearing and risk mitigation 
requirements in respect of derivatives transactions where one or both of the parties is established in the 
EU. EMIR has been onshored into domestic UK law by the Withdrawal Acts, as “UK EMIR”, which imposes

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
the same types of obligation where one or both of the parties is established in the UK. The Issuer, is a non-
EU entity and is not directly subject to EMIR. However, where the Issuer enters into OTC derivative contracts 
with a counterparty which is subject to EMIR or UK EMIR (such as MSIP), that counterparty may require the 
Issuer, as a term of doing business, to comply with certain of EMIR’s central clearing, collateral or other 
risk mitigation requirements. Additionally, that counterparty may incur additional costs in respect of the OTC 
derivative (or in hedging its position) and may seek to pass those additional costs on to the Issuer. As a 
result, the Issuer may incur additional costs in conducting such business. There is a risk that some or all of 
these costs could be passed through to Security Holders, for example, through changes to the Management 
Fee and/or Daily Spread (and therefore negatively impact the Price of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities), or may otherwise affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments under Collateralised Currency 
Securities. 
U.S. Stay Resolution Provisions 
Regulations (“U.S. SRR Provisions”) have been adopted by U.S. prudential regulators in respect of certain 
entities that are part of a banking organisation designated as a global-systemically important banking 
organisation. The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to banking entities (collectively “Covered Entities”) 
that are (1) deemed to be global systemically important U.S. banking organisations (“U.S. GSIBs”) or that 
meet an asset size threshold, (2) certain subsidiaries of a U.S. GSIB or (3) certain U.S. operations of 
systemically important non-U.S. banking organisations. The U.S. SRR Provisions seek to reduce the 
potential that the resolution of a Covered Entity will be disorderly and lead to disruptive asset sales and 
liquidations which prudential regulators are concerned could spark a broad financial crisis. 
The effect of the U.S. SRR Provisions is to eliminate certain contractual rights in certain financial contracts, 
such as agreements relating to swaps, currency forwards and other derivatives as well as repurchase 
agreements and securities lending agreements (“qualified financial contracts”), such that the counterparties 
to these contracts (a) are subject to a stay for a specified time period during which they will be prevented 
from closing out a qualified financial contract if the Covered Entity is subject to resolution proceedings and (b) 
are prohibited from exercising default rights due to a receivership or similar proceeding of an affiliate of the 
Covered Entity. In some instances the U.S. prudential regulator administering the resolution could transfer 
qualified financial contracts to another financial institution that is not in an insolvency proceeding. 
The Issuer believes that the Currency Transaction Counterparty is a Covered Entity and that the following 
agreements (the “Affected Agreements”) to which it is a party would be qualified financial contracts to 
which the U.S. SRR Provisions may apply: the MSIP Facility Agreement, the Master Confirmation 
Agreement, the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement and the Currency Transactions under it, the MSIP GMRA 
and the Repos under it. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to qualified financial contracts that are governed by U.S. law and to 
U.S. persons, but they also require Covered Entities to include in all qualified financial contracts that are 
not governed by U.S. law (or the law of a State of the U.S.A.) contractual provisions reflecting the 
requirements of the U.S. SRR Provisions that delay or restrict the rights of counterparties, such as the 
Issuer, to exercise certain close-out, cross-default and similar rights under certain conditions. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions came into force on various dates that commenced in January 2019 and were 
complied with by 1 July 2019. 
The Affected Agreements are governed by English law and accordingly the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty is required to agree amendments to them with the Issuer to include such provisions, failing 
which it may have been unable to continue to create Currency Transactions or to continue to act as 
Currency Transaction Counterparty. The U.S. SRR Provisions enable compliance either by bilateral 
agreement or by adherence to a standard ISDA protocol. 
The Issuer adhered to the ISDA®  2018 US Resolution Stay Protocol with effect from 28 June 2019. 
Implementation of these requirements may increase credit, close-out and other risks in respect of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities. As no resolution of a Covered Entity has taken place with the U.S. SRR 
Provisions in effect, it is unclear how they will operate in practice. There is however a risk that, in the event 
of a default of MSIP and where the U.S. SRR powers or required contractual provisions are exercised, 
Security Holders may incur losses because during this period: 
(a) 
Security Holders would be unable to Redeem their Collateralised Currency Securities and so would not 
be able to realise their investment at a time and value of their choosing;

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
(b) 
the Issuer would be prevented from giving notice to MSIP of a Compulsory Closing Date under the 
MSIP Facility Agreement (so that the Currency Transactions would continue to be exposed to 
fluctuations in their Currency Indices) which, if all Currency Securities of a particular class are to be 
Redeemed, could prevent the Issuer from redeeming such Currency Securities which could delay a 
Security Holder realising their investment; 
(c) 
the Issuer would be prevented from closing out the MSIP GMRA, so that the Repos would not be 
terminated (and, under the Repos, the Issuer may be required to transfer Eligible Collateral to MSIP) 
which could result in the Issuer having insufficient security to cover losses suffered following default by 
the Currency Transaction Counterparty and the Issuer may not be able to return the full Redemption 
Amount to investors who may suffer a loss as a result; and 
(d) 
the assets in any Class Collateral Pool may be reduced, so that Security Holders (for the 
corresponding class) would receive less than the Price of their Collateralised Currency Securities on 
a subsequent Redemption or Compulsory Redemption. 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising a Counterparty Collateral 
Pool. In the event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not recognise the security granted by the Security Deed, 
such security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that jurisdiction and/or such 
assets may be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the Security Deed. 
Tax consequences of an investment in the Collateralised Currency Securities 
The tax consequences for each investor in the Collateralised Currency Securities can be different   (e.g. 
depending on factors like the type and location of an investor or the class of Collateralised Currency 
Securities) and therefore investors are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific 
consequences. Investors may therefore have to pay more tax in order to buy, sell, subscribe for or redeem 
their Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Taxation and no gross up 
Each Security Holder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities. In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on the 
Collateralised Currency Securities, the Security Holders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will 
not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. This could lead to 
Security Holders receiving less than they were expecting on a redemption of Collateralised Currency 
Securities. 
Risk of regulatory intervention 
Government or regulatory intervention in the financial markets could result in the Issuer being unable to 
enter into, or maintain, Currency Transactions in relation to any class of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
If it becomes illegal or contrary to any regulatory obligation or standard applicable to the Issuer or a 
Currency Transaction Counterparty on any day to perform its obligations under a Currency Transaction of 
any class: 
• 
the Issuer may be restricted or prevented from entering into or redeeming Currency Transactions of 
the class corresponding to that Currency Index and as a result may be unable to issue or redeem 
Collateralised Currency Securities of that class; and 
• 
some or all of the Collateralised Currency Securities of the corresponding class may as a result 
become subject to Compulsory Redemption. 
The Regulation of Benchmarks 
The Currency Indices and some of their component indices, including the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”), the Euro Overnight Index Average (“EONIA”) and the Sterling Overnight Interest Average 
(“SONIA”), and other foreign exchange, interest rate and other indices and benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Following any such reform, affected benchmarks may 
perform differently, be subject to modifications in their methodology or cease to be made available

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
altogether (for example, as at the date of this document, LIBOR is scheduled to be phased out by the end 
of 2021 and EONIA is scheduled to be discontinued as of 3 January 2022); or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Collaterlised Currency Securities which are linked to any such benchmark. 
In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU/2016/1011) (as amended) (the “BMR”) entered into force 
in June 2016 and became applicable within the EU in January 2018. It imposes a range of requirements 
and restrictions on “administrators”, “users” and “contributors” to “benchmarks” within its scope. Many of 
those requirements are subject to a range of transitional provisions (under article 51 of the BMR) so that 
the full impact of the BMR may not be fully realised until those transitional provisions expire. In respect of 
critical benchmarks (which include LIBOR, EONIA and SONIA), some of the transitional provisions (unless 
extended) are set to expire on 31 December 2021 and there is a risk, therefore that the BMR may affect 
benchmarks to which Collaterlised Currency Securities are linked. 
The BMR was onshored into domestic UK law by the European Union (Wtithdrawal) Act 2018 and the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2020 (the “Withdrawal Acts”) with effect from 1 January 2021, the “UK 
BMR”.  The Financial Services Act 2021 amended the UK BMR and granted powers to the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) to take action in respect of critical benchmarks.  These include powers (in 
specific circumstances) to prohibit certain types of person from using a critical benchmark; to require 
modifications or variations to a critical benchmark, and to require changes to a critical benchmark’s rules 
or methodology, or the manner in which it determined or assessed.   
On 29 September 2021 the FCA issued a statement announcing its decision to use these new powers with 
respect to various LIBOR rates.  FCA decided to compel ICE Benchmark Administrion (“IBA”) (the 
administrator of LIBOR) at least for the duration of 2022 to publish the 1-month , 3-month and 6-month 
sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR settings under a changed “synthetic” methodology for use in legacy 
contracts.  The FCA’s statement indicates that: “the synthetic rate has been chosen by the FCA to provide 
a reasonable and fair approximation of what panel bank LIBOR might have been in the future. The synthetic 
rates will no longer, however, be 'representative' as defined in the Benchmarks Regulation (BMR)”. 
The FS Act also extended some transitional provisions under UK BMR, so that they are now set to expire 
in 31 December 2025. 
The impact of these reforms, and of the FCA’s exercise of its new powers, is impossible to predict.  They 
may, however, affect the level and performance of Currency Indices (which are determined by referoece 
to various benchmarks), and, therefore, affect the value of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Change of Law 
The Conditions of the Collateralised Currency Securities are expressed to be governed by Jersey law. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact that any possible judicial decision or change to Jersey law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the Collateralised Currency Securities. Any such change 
could materially adversely impact the Security Holders and/or the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Changes in Regulation 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the institutions with 
which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particularly exposed to national, 
international and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. The scope and requirements of 
regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer and to the Programme continues to change and evolve and 
there is a risk that as a result it may prove more difficult or impossible, or more expensive, for the Issuer or 
a Currency Transaction Counterparty to continue to carry on their functions in the manner currently 
contemplated including a risk that the future regulation of the derivatives market may result in increased 
hedging costs for the Currency Transaction Counterparty or limits on the extent of its permitted hedging 
activities. This may require that changes are made in the future to the agreements applicable to the 
Programme and may result in changes to the commercial terms of the Collateralised Currency Securities 
(such as reductions in the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limits) and/or an increase in payments or 
collateral due to the Currency Transaction Counterparty to meets its hedging costs and/or the inability to 
apply for and Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities and/or Compulsory Redemption of some or all of 
the Collateralised Currency Securities and/or disruption to the pricing thereof. 
‘Brexit’

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Pursuant to the UK European Referendum Act 2015, a referendum on the United Kingdom’s membership 
of the EU was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave the EU. On 29 March 2017, the UK 
Government exercised its right under Article 50 of the Treaty of the European Union (“Article 50”) to leave 
the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK left the EU. This cessation was subject to a withdrawal agreement 
between the UK and the remaining EU Member States, which provided for a transition period lasting until 
31 December 2020 during which EU law continued to apply to the UK as if it were a Member State.  
On 30 December 2020 the UK and the EU entered into a “Trade and Cooperation Agreement” (the “Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement”) to address aspects of the trading relationship between the UK and the EU 
following the end of the transition period.  The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not provide a 
comprehensive framework and, in particular, does not fully address the financial services sector. As a 
result, restrictions currently apply to financial services providers and in respect of financial products 
between the EU and the UK.  
 
Whilst the medium to long-term consequences of the UK’s departure from the EU and the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement remain uncertain, there could be short-term volatility which could have a negative 
impact on general economic conditions in the UK and the EU and business and consumer confidence in 
the UK and the EU, which may in turn have a negative impact in other jurisdictions. Among other things, 
thismay lead to instability in the foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the pound 
sterling or the euro, or other currencies. 
 
Deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence could lead to (i) reduced levels of business 
activity; (ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment; and (iii) mark to market losses in trading portfolios 
resulting from changes in credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties. 
 
No assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the 
liquidity of the Collateralised Currency Securities in the secondary market and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the future legal and regulatory environment applicable to the Programme 
and to investors remains unclear and this may have adverse and/or unforeseeable consequences. 
Meetings of Security Holders 
Meetings of Security Holders, resolutions, modification, waivers and substitution 
Meetings of a class of Security Holders may be convened to consider any matter affecting their interests. 
These provisions permit specified majorities of such Security Holders attending or represented at any such 
meeting to pass resolutions binding all Security Holders of such class of Collateralised Currency Securities, 
including Security Holders who did not attend or vote at such meeting, or who voted against the passing of 
such resolutions. A Security Holder will, therefore, be bound by resolutions that may be passed that affect 
that class of Collateralised Currency Security and which may be adverse to such Security Holder’s interests 
(whether such Security Holder attended and voted against those changes or not).

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
2FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Collateralised Currency Securities. It is not intended to be a summary of or a 
complete description of the information contained in this Prospectus and an investment in Collateralised 
Currency Securities should only be made after careful consideration of this Prospectus in its entirety. 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the section entitled “Definitions and Interpretation”. 
What are Collateralised Currency Securities? 
Collateralised Currency Securities are secured, undated, limited recourse debt securities issued by 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited (the Issuer), a Jersey company established as a special purpose 
vehicle for the purpose of issuing the Collateralised Currency Securities and entering into related 
transactions. The Issuer is currently making available for issue 198 types of Collateralised Currency 
Securities. The Collateralised Currency Securities have been designed to enable investors to gain long, 
short or leveraged exposure to foreign exchange rate movements without needing to open foreign currency 
bank accounts or to trade in spot contracts or futures or other derivative contracts, and to enable investors to 
buy and sell the exposure through the trading of a security on a stock exchange. 
How do Collateralised Currency Securities provide long, short or leveraged exposure to foreign 
exchange rate movements? 
Collateralised Currency Securities provide long, short or leveraged exposure to foreign exchange rate 
movements by tracking Currency Indices. 
How does the Issuer back its long, short or leveraged exposure to foreign exchange rate 
movements? 
Each class of Collateralised Currency Security is linked to a corresponding Currency Transaction of the 
same class entered into with a Currency Transaction Counterparty under the terms of a Facility Agreement 
and an ISDA Master Agreement. Under the Facility Agreement and ISDA Master Agreement, whenever 
Collateralised Currency Securities of a class are issued or redeemed the Issuer will increase or decrease 
the amount of Currency Transactions of such class by a corresponding amount. 
The Currency Transactions of each class are unfunded transactions meaning that the Issuer retains the 
issue proceeds of that class of Collateralised Currency Security and does not need to make any initial 
upfront payment to the Currency Transaction Counterparty for entering into the Currency Transactions. 
Each class of Currency Transaction will provide the Issuer with exposure to the performance of the relevant 
Currency Index (less fees and expenses) for an amount equivalent to the payments under the outstanding 
Currency Transactions of such class. A payment will be made between the Issuer and the Currency 
Transaction Counterparty on each pricing day to reflect the performance of the relevant Currency Index 
since the preceding pricing day. That payment will be made by the Currency Transaction Counterparty to the 
Issuer in the event the index performance is positive (after fees and expenses) or by the Issuer to the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty in the event the index performance is negative (after fees and 
expenses). 
The Issuer will use the issue proceeds it receives upon creation of Collateralised Currency Securities and 
payments it receives under Currency Transactions to enter into daily repurchase transactions with the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty as described under “What are the Daily Repurchase Transactions?” 
below. 
What is the Price? 
The Price of a particular class of Collateralised Currency Securities is calculated in accordance with a set 
formula and examples of how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine 
the value of its investment?). The Price reflects the performance of the relevant Currency Index and is also 
reduced by the fees deductible in respect of that class of Collateralised Currency Security with respect to 
each day.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
When will the Price of a Collateralised Currency Security be published? 
The Price for a particular pricing day will be published on the Issuer’s Website on the next Business Day. 
Who is the Currency Transaction Counterparty? 
As at the date of this Prospectus Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is the sole Currency Transaction 
Counterparty under the Programme. 
What are the Currency Indices? 
The Currency Indices are designed as tradable benchmarks for daily foreign exchange rate performance 
between currency pairs and reflect the performance of one currency against another currency. 
The Currency Indices are denominated in either US Dollars, Euros or GBP and, in each case, will be 
denominated in the same currency as the corresponding class of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The Currency Indices are total return indices which means that they also provide a yield designed to 
replicate the risk free rate of interest (be that positive or negative) of the currency of denomination by 
reference to the One-Month T-Bill rate for Currency Indices denominated in US Dollars, the Euro Overnight 
Index Average rate (EONIA) for Currency Indices denominated in Euros or the Sterling Overnight Interbank 
Average Rate (SONIA) for Currency Indices denominated in GBP. 
What is a currency pair? 
A Currency Index will track the daily foreign exchange rate performance of the currency in which such 
Currency Index is denominated (either US Dollars, Euros or GBP) against another currency, on either a 
long or a short basis. Such foreign exchange rate relationship between two currencies is known as a 
‘currency pair’. As an example, where someone is long the EUR/USD currency pair then they would expect 
to make money where the rate of exchange between EUR and USD rises (i.e. EUR rises against USD) and 
they would lose money where the rate of exchange between EUR and USD falls (i.e. EUR falls against 
USD). If someone was short the EUR/USD currency pair then they would expect to make money where 
the rate of exchange between EUR and USD falls and they would lose money where the rate of exchange 
between EUR and USD rises. 
What are the developed market currency pairs and the emerging market currency pairs? 
The Currency Indices may track developed market currency pairs or emerging market currency pairs. 
A developed market currency pair tracks the performance between the currency in which such Currency 
Index is denominated (either US Dollars, Euros or GBP) against either (i) the Euro on a long or short basis 
or (ii) the currency of one of the following developed market countries on a long or short basis: Australia 
(AUD), Canada (CAD), Switzerland (CHF), United Kingdom (GBP), Japan (JPY), Norway (NOK), New 
Zealand (NZD), Sweden (SEK) or the United States (USD). 
An emerging market currency pair tracks the performance between the currency in which such Currency 
Index is denominated (either US Dollars, Euros or GBP) against the currency of one of the following 
emerging market countries on a long or short basis: Brazil (BRL), the Republic of China (CNY), the Czech 
Republic (CZK), the Republic of Hungary (HUF), Israel (ILS), United Mexican States (MXN), the Republic of 
Singapore (SGD) or the Republic of South Africa (ZAR). 
How do the Currency Indices provide exposure to foreign exchange rate performance? 
The Currency Indices obtain exposure to foreign exchange rate performance by tracking currency forward 
contracts. A currency forward contract is an agreement between two parties to exchange a specific amount 
of a particular currency (Currency X) into a different currency (Currency Y) at a future date. Most currency 
forward contracts are deliverable meaning that on maturity they provide for the physical delivery of currency 
(i.e. receipt of Currency Y in exchange for Currency X). For this reason the Currency Indices will track a 
position in currency forward contracts which rolls on a daily basis, to maintain a constant position and to 
prevent the position in such currency forward contracts from maturing. 
By tracking currency forward contract positions which are rolled on a daily basis, the Currency Indices will 
obtain exposure to the movement in the exchange rate for that currency pair on such day and will also

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
receive a return which reflects the difference in the interbank benchmark interest rate for the two currencies 
comprised within such pair. 
Currently the government of China and Brazil restrict foreign parties from owning or trading their currencies 
for speculative purposes and so a market in products known as non-deliverable forwards (NDFs) has 
developed which allows parties to enter into currency forwards which are set at an exchange rate for the 
restricted currency sometime in the future and which provide for receipt of a US Dollar return on the position 
in such restricted currency. Accordingly for Currency Indices which track CNY/USD, or BRL/USD currency 
pairs, the relevant Currency Indices will replicate a return from holding a constant position in the relevant 
NDF by rolling the NDF every two months (for CNY) or monthly (for BRL). 
What return will an investor receive from a Long Currency Index? 
To provide an example, the WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD class of Collateralised Currency Security will 
provide a long EUR/USD exposure by tracking the Long Euro Index (TR) before fees and expenses. In turn 
the Long Euro Index (TR) will reflect the daily rolling of a long position in a EUR/USD Forward which 
provides the following:- 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will increase and on a particular day (Day T) where EUR increases in 
value relative to USD and the value of the Currency Index will decrease in value on a particular day 
where EUR decreases in value relative to USD. In each case the increase or decrease is calculated 
by applying a change in the exchange rate between Day T and the preceding business day (Day T-
1) to a notional exposure, that is calculated by reference to the closing level of the relevant Currency 
Index on the business day immediately before Day T-1, i.e. as at Day T-2. 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will be higher than it would otherwise have been where the overnight 
interbank benchmark rate for EUR (the Euro Overnight Index Average rate or EONIA) is greater than 
the overnight interbank benchmark rate for USD and the value of the Currency Index will be lower 
than it would otherwise have been where the overnight interbank benchmark rate for EUR is less 
than the overnight interbank benchmark rate for USD. 
• 
Because the Long Euro Index (TR) is a total return index (see “What are the Currency Indices” 
above) it will also provide an interest rate which references the One-Month T-Bill rate. 
What return will an investor receive from a Short Currency Index? 
To provide an example, the WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD class of Collateralised Currency Security will 
provide a short EUR/USD exposure by tracking the Short Euro Index (TR) before fees and expenses. In turn 
the Short Euro Index (TR) will reflect the daily rolling of a short position in a EUR/USD Forward which 
provides the following:- 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will increase on a particular day (Day T) where EUR decreases in 
value relative to USD or the value of the Currency Index will decrease on a particular day where EUR 
increases in value relative to USD. In each case the increase or decrease is calculated by applying 
a change in the exchange rate between Day T and the preceding business day (Day T-1) to a notional 
exposure, that is calculated by reference to the closing level of the relevant Currency Index on the 
business day immediately before Day T-1, i.e. as at Day T-2. 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will be higher than it would otherwise have been where the overnight 
interbank benchmark rate for EUR (the Euro Overnight Index Average rate or EONIA) is less than 
the overnight interbank benchmark rate for USD and the value of the Currency Index will be lower 
than it would otherwise have been where the overnight interbank benchmark rate for EUR is more 
than the overnight interbank benchmark rate for USD. 
• 
Because the Short Euro Index (TR) is a total return index (see “What are the Currency Indices” 
above) it will also provide an interest rate which references the One-Month T-Bill rate. 
What return will an investor receive from a Leveraged Currency Index? 
The Leveraged Currency Indices provide a leveraged exposure of either two times long (2x), two times 
short (-2x), three times long (3x), three times short (-3x), five times long (5x) or five times short (-5x) to the 
return on rolling currency forward contract positions. However the Leveraged Currency Indices will provide 
the same yield as a corresponding Long Currency Index or Short Currency Index (see “What are the 
Currency Indices” above).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Accordingly, the WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 3x Daily class of Collateralised Currency Security will 
provide a three times long EUR/USD exposure by tracking the Triple Long Euro Index (TR) before fees 
and expenses. In turn the Triple Long Euro Index (TR) will reflect the daily rolling of a three times leveraged 
long position in a EUR/USD Forward which provides the following:- 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will increase on a particular day (Day T) by three times the amount by 
which the EUR increases relative to USD and the value of the Currency Index will decrease on a 
particular day by three times the amount by which the EUR decreases in value relative to USD. In 
each case the increase or decrease is calculated by applying a change in the exchange rate between 
Day T and the preceding business day (Day T-1) to a notional exposure, that is calculated by reference 
to the closing level of the relevant Currency Index on the business day immediately before Day T-1, 
i.e. as at Day T-2. 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will be higher than it would otherwise have been by three times the 
amount the overnight interbank benchmark rate for EUR (the Euro Overnight Index Average rate or 
EONIA) is greater than the overnight interbank benchmark rate for USD and the value of the 
Currency Index will be lower than it would otherwise have been by three times the amount the 
overnight interbank benchmark rate for EUR is less than the overnight interbank benchmark rate for 
USD. 
• 
However, the Triple Long Euro Index (TR) will continue to provide an interest rate which references the 
One-Month T-Bill rate. 
Likewise, the WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 3x Daily class of Collateralised Currency Security will 
provide a three times short EUR/USD exposure by tracking the Triple Short Euro Index (TR) before fees and 
expenses. In turn the Triple Short Euro Index (TR) will reflect the daily rolling of a three times leveraged 
short position in a EUR/USD Forward which provides the following: 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will increase on a particular day (Day T) by three times the amount by 
which the EUR decreases in value relative to USD and the value of the Currency Index will decrease 
on a particular day by three times the amount by which the EUR increases in value relative to USD. 
In each case the increase or decrease is calculated by applying a change in the exchange rate 
between Day T and the preceding business day (Day T-1) to a notional exposure, that is calculated 
by reference to the closing level of the relevant Currency Index on the business day immediately 
before Day T-1, i.e. as at Day T-2. 
• 
The value of the Currency Index will be higher than it would otherwise have been by three times the 
amount the overnight interbank benchmark rate for EUR (the Euro Overnight Index Average rate or 
EONIA) is less than the overnight interbank benchmark rate for USD (the One-Month T-Bill rate) and 
the value of the Currency Index will be lower than it would otherwise have been by three times the 
amount the overnight interbank benchmark rate for EUR is more than the overnight interbank 
benchmark rate for USD. 
• 
However, the Triple Short Euro Index (TR) will continue to provide an interest rate return equal to the 
One-Month T-Bill rate. 
Will Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities provide the same leverage for periods greater 
than one day? 
The returns from Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities are designed to provide a particular 
leveraged exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates during the course of a day, in each case such 
return being calculated against a base value determined by the closing level of the relevant Currency Index 
on the second previous business day. Over periods of greater than one day the Leveraged Collateralised 
Currency Securities do not necessarily provide Security Holders with a return equivalent to the return from 
the unleveraged long or short Currency Index multiplied by the relevant amount of leverage. For example: 
buying 5 Times Long Currency Securities or 5 Times Short Currency Securities does not mean the return 
in respect of such Collateralised Currency Securities will be five times that of an unleveraged Currency 
Index. It is possible for the Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities to “outperform” or “underperform” 
the relevant unleveraged Currency Index multiplied by the relevant leveraged exposure. This is because 
among other things, leverage will not be applied to the yield provided within the Leveraged Currency 
Indices (see “What are the Currency Indices” and “What return will an investor receive from a Leveraged 
Currency Index?” above) and, over time, there may be volatility in the relevant currency exchange rates 
which may impact the return. The following table provides some examples as to how a 5 Times Short 
Currency Index and a 5 Times Long Currency Index performs in different scenarios. The first two scenarios

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
provide examples of where an exchange rate moves in a trending direction over the course of the week, 
and in these examples it can be seen that both a 5 Times Short Currency Index and a 5 Times Long 
Currency Index have ‘outperformed’ the movement in the exchange rate multiplied by the relevant 
leveraged exposure. Likewise, the latter two scenarios provide examples of where an exchange rate is 
volatile over the course of the week, however at the end of the week there is no overall movement in the 
exchange rate. In these examples it can be seen that both a 5 Times Short Currency Index and a 5 Times 
Long Currency Index have ‘underperformed’ the movement in the exchange rate multiplied by the relevant 
leveraged exposure. 
Can Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) invest in the 
Collateralised Currency Securities? 
The Collateralised Currency Securities have not been specifically designed for investment by UCITS. 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for collective 
investment in transferable securities subject to the Directive of the European Parliament and the Council 
of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (2009/65/EC) (the “Recast UCITS 
Directive”), as amended, need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Collateralised Currency 
Securities would comply with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the Recast 
UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be 
in line with their individual investment objectives. Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a 
UCITS which is a Security Holder, to be in breach of its compliance obligations under the Recast UCITS 
Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be 
exposed to regulatory sanctions under its national regime.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Comment: 
 
Both the 5 Times Short Currency Index and the 5 Times Long 
Currency Index have 'outperformed' against -5 or 5x (as relevant) 
the movement in Exchange Rate over the Week 
Both the 5 Times Short Currency Index and the 5 Times Long 
Currency Index have 'outperformed' against -5x or 5x (as relevant) 
the movement in Exchange Rate over the Week 
Both the 5 Times Short Currency Index and the 5 Times Long 
Currency Index have 'underperformed' against -5x or 5x (as 
relevant) the movement in Exchange Rate over the week 
Both the 5 Times Short Currency Index and the 5 Times Long 
Currency Index have 'underperformed' against -5x or 5x (as 
relevant) the movement in Exchange Rate over the week 
*  The hypothetical scenarios shown above assume that the 5 Times Short Currency Index and the 5 Times Long Currency Index each have a value of 100.00 on the two business days (as prescribed in 
   the MSFXSM Manual) prior to Day 1 and that there is no movement in the Exchange Rate on either of those two preceding business days. The scenarios do not account for any return on the 
   exchange rate differential or any Daily Collateral Yield and do not reflect fees or expenses that an investor would otherwise be charged 
Change 
Over  
Week* 
 
7.2% 
-33% 
38% 
21.4% 
-88% 
120% 
0.0% 
-2% 
-2% 
0.0% 
-3% 
-2% 
Daily Movement* 
Day 5 
2% 
66.55 
137.55 
8% 
12.01 
220.01 
-2% 
97.72 
98.48 
2% 
97.47 
98.32 
Day 4 
2% 
75.21 
125.8 
6% 
41.52 
164.72 
-2% 
90.10 
109.90 
2% 
110.10 
89.90 
Day 3 
2% 
84.90 
115.10 
4% 
69.60 
130.40 
4% 
80.00 
120.00 
4% 
120.00 
80.00 
Day 2 
1% 
95.00 
105.00 
2% 
90.00 
110.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
Day 1 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
 
 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
 
Scenario: 
Exchange rate moves in a 
steady, upwards trending 
direction over the course of the 
week 
Exchange rate moves in an 
accelerating, upwards trending 
direction over the course of the 
week 
Daily moves are volatile, but 
over the course of the week 
the exchange rate move is flat 
Again daily moves are volatile 
and over the course of the 
week the exchange rate move 
is flat

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Can the level of a Currency Index fall to zero? 
It is possible that the foreign exchange rate between two currencies could move by a large amount in a 
given day or over a series of days. If this happened then there is a risk that the value of a Leveraged 
Currency Index could fall to zero. For example if the EUR/USD exchange rate fell by more than 20% on a 
given day then it is possible that the value of the 5 Times Long Euro Index (TR), which provides a five times 
long EUR/USD exposure, could fall to zero and so an investor in the WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 5x 
Daily class of Collateralised Currency Security could lose the entire value of their investment. Likewise, if 
the EUR/USD exchange rate increased by more than 20% on a given day then it is possible that the value 
of the 5 Times Short Euro Index (TR), which provides a five times short EUR/USD exposure, could fall to 
zero and so an investor in the WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 5x Daily class of Collateralised Currency 
Security could lose the entire value of their investment. 
Also, the Currency Indices provide leveraged exposure to daily changes in foreign exchange rates 
calculated against a base value determined on the second previous business day which means that the 
performance of a Currency Index may not precisely match the variation in the foreign exchange rate 
multiplied by the relevant leveraged exposure. This also means that in certain highly volatile markets a 
Leveraged Currency Index may fall to zero where the foreign exchange rate moves by a large amount over 
the course of two trading days or even where a particular exchange rate falls or rises (as the case may be) 
by less than 20% (in the case of a Leveraged Currency Index that provides a five times long or short 
leveraged exposure) or 33.3% (in the case of a Leveraged Currency Index that provides a three times long 
or short leveraged exposure) over the course of one day. The following table provides examples of such 
‘underperformance’ and includes examples where a Currency Index falls to zero, which will lead to the class 
of Collateralised Currency Security that tracks such Currency Index being subject to a Compulsory 
Redemption at a Price of zero.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Comment: 
 
5 Times Long Currency Index falls to zero. The 5 Times Short Currency 
Index shows an 'underperformance' against -5x the movement in 
Exchange Rate over the week. 
5 Times Long Currency Index falls to zero. The 5 Times Short Currency 
Index shows an 'underperformance' against -5x the movement in 
Exchange Rate over the week. 
5 Times Long Currency has not fallen to zero despite a two day move 
in Exchange Rate of 20%. The 5 Times Short Currency Index has 
'underperformed' against -5x the movement in Exchange Rate over the 
week. 
5 Times Long Currency has not fallen to zero despite a two day move 
in Exchange Rate of 20%. The 5 Times Short Currency Index has 
'underperformed' against -5x the movement in Exchange Rate over the 
week. 
5 Times Long Currency Index has fallen to zero despite the weekly 
arithmetic move of Exchange Rate being less than 20%  The 5 Times 
Short Currency Index has 'underperformed' against -5x the movement 
in Exchange Rate over the week. 
5 Times Long Currency Index does not fall to zero despite a single day 
move in Exchange Rate of 20%. The 5 Times Short Currency Index has 
'outperformed' against -5x the movement in Exchange Rate over the 
week 
*      The hypothetical scenarios shown above assume that the 5 Times Short Currency Index and the 5 Times Long Currency Index each have a value of 100.00 on the two business days (as prescribed  
       in the MSFXSM Manual) prior to Day 1 and that there is no movement in the Exchange Rate on either of those two preceding business days. The scenarios do not account for any return on the exchange 
       rate differential or any Daily Collateral Yield and do not    reflect fees or expenses that an investor would otherwise be charged 
*      The move in the Exchange Rate over days 4 and 5 is calculated on an arithmetic basis. 
Change 
Over  
Week* 
 
20.2% 
100% 
-102% 
-20.2% 
96% 
-104% 
-19.3% 
92% 
-99% 
-19.3% 
95% 
-97% 
-18.8% 
82% 
-101% 
-16.0% 
82% 
-79% 
Daily Movement* 
Day 5 
-16% 
199.60 
-2.00 
-5% 
196.30 
-4.20 
-5% 
191.85 
0.75 
-15% 
194.85 
2.75 
-11% 
182.49 
-1.41 
-20% 
181.59 
20.99 
Day 4
-5% 
123.56 
73.96 
-16% 
175.29 
16.79 
-15% 
170.59 
21.99 
-5% 
123.56 
73.96 
-8.5% 
131.53 
48.28 
5% 
76/54 
125.94 
Day 3 
-1% 
100.05 
99.95 
-1% 
100.05 
99.95 
-1% 
100.05 
99.95 
-1% 
100.05 
99.95 
-5% 
101.25 
98.75 
-1% 
100.05 
99.95 
Day 2 
1% 
95.00 
105.00 
1% 
95.00 
105.00 
1% 
95.00 
105.00 
1% 
95.00 
105.00 
5% 
75.00 
125.00 
1% 
95.00 
105.00 
Day 1 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
0% 
100.00 
100.00 
 
 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
Movement in Exchange Rate 
5 Times Short Currency Index 
5 Times Long Currency Index 
 
Scenario: 
Over days 4 and 5, the  
exchange rate falls more than  
20%#. The move on the second 
 day is greater than  on the first 
Over days 4 and 5, the  
exchange rate falls more than  
20%#. The move on the first day 
is greater than on the second 
Over days 4 and 5, the  
exchange rate falls exactly 20%#. 
The move on the first day is 
 greater than on the second 
Over days 4 and 5, the 
exchange rate falls exactly 20%#.  
The move on the second  
day is greater than first 
Over days 4 and 5, the 
exchange rate falls less than 
 20%# but previous days' market 
moves have been volatile 
On Day 5, the Exchange Rate 
 falls 20%, but on Day 4 
 the Exchange Rate increased by 
5%

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
What is the Principal Amount and why is it important? 
The Collateralised Currency Securities are debt securities and so each security has a principal amount, 
which is the nominal value of the debt represented by the security. In the case of Collateralised Currency 
Securities denominated in US Dollars the Principal Amount is US$1. For Collateralised Currency Securities 
denominated in Euros the Principal Amount is €1. For Collateralised Currency Securities denominated in 
Pounds Sterling the Principal Amount is £1. 
In ordinary circumstances upon redemption a Security Holder will receive the Price of a Collateralised 
Currency Security, which will be calculated to reflect the performance of the relevant Currency Index less 
fees as described under “What is the Price” above. However each Security Holder does have the right to 
receive on redemption the Principal Amount for such class of Collateralised Currency Security to the extent 
it is higher than the Price for such class. In practice the Issuer would not expect to pay the Principal Amount 
on redemption of a Collateralised Currency Security as it will normally seek to take steps to ensure that the 
Price does not fall below the Principal Amount, by reducing the Principal Amount by way of a Security Holder 
vote. If such steps were not taken or were unsuccessful and the Price were to fall below the Principal 
Amount, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to satisfy its obligation to pay each redeeming holder of 
a particular class the Principal Amount for such class. Collateralised Currency Securities may be 
compulsorily redeemed and Security Holders may receive no payment for that redemption. 
Is an investment in a Currency Index the same as holding or investing in the underlying currencies? 
An investment in a Currency Index is not the same as directly holding underlying currencies or investing 
directly in spot contracts or futures or derivative contracts. Importantly, an investment in a Currency Index 
does not give any ownership interest, right or entitlement to any actual currency or spot, future or other 
derivative contract. Any amounts payable on the Collateralised Currency Securities of any class will be in 
cash in the currency of denomination of that class, and the holders of the Collateralised Currency Securities 
will have no right to receive payment in any other currency or delivery of any spot, future or other derivative 
contract at any time. 
What other factors impact the return on a Currency Index? 
The performance of a Currency Index will be influenced by various factors including changing supply and 
demand for a particular currency, government and monetary authority policy and intervention, interest rate 
levels, global or regional political, economic or financial events that effect foreign exchange markets and a 
country’s debt level and trade deficit. Such performance will also be dependent upon factors such as central 
bank intervention, restrictions on local exchanges or markets, limitation on foreign investment and other 
regulatory controls or taxes. In addition governments may impose exchange controls on such currency or 
a currency may otherwise become unavailable. The performance of a Currency Index will also be impacted 
by any leverage exposure contained within the Currency Index. 
Who makes calculations in respect of a Currency Index? 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is responsible for the composition, calculation and maintenance of the Currency 
Indices. The official closing level of the relevant Currency Index published by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
will be used to calculate the price of the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
What are the Daily Repurchase Transactions? 
A repurchase transaction is commonly known in the market as a ‘repo’ and is an agreement whereby a 
seller sells securities to another party with the agreement that the seller buys back equivalent securities at 
a later date (in the case of the daily repurchase transactions the following day on which the relevant markets 
are open). 
The Issuer has agreed to enter into daily repurchase transactions with the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty in each of USD, Euro and GBP which will be governed by the terms of a Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement. Pursuant to the daily repurchase transactions the Issuer will pay cash that it holds 
in USD, Euro and GBP to the Currency Transaction Counterparty in return for the transfer by the Currency 
Transaction Counterparty to the Issuer of collateral at least equal to the value of the cash paid. On the next 
following day that the relevant markets are open each such daily repurchase transaction will mature and 
the Currency Transaction Counterparty will pay back to the Issuer the amount of cash in the relevant 
currency in exchange for the transfer back to the Currency Transaction Counterparty of the collateral related

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
to the daily repurchase transaction in that currency. Upon maturity a further daily repurchase transaction 
will separately be entered into between the parties in respect of each currency. 
The Issuer will use the issue proceeds it receives upon creation of Collateralised Currency Securities and 
amounts payable to it under Currency Transactions to enter into daily repurchase transactions of the 
relevant currency with the Currency Transaction Counterparty and the amount of cash available to be 
entered into daily repurchase transactions in a particular currency on subsequent days will be adjusted to 
reflect: 
(i) 
the aggregate net amount payable (whether positive or negative) between the Issuer and the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty under all Currency Transactions denominated in such currency 
(see “How does the Issuer back its long, short or leveraged exposure to foreign exchange rate 
movements?” above); plus 
(ii) 
cash received in such currency in respect of the creation of further Collateralised Currency Securities 
of any class denominated in such currency; less 
(iii) 
cash to be paid to satisfy the redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class 
denominated in such currency; and less 
(iv) 
any cash which reflects accrued but unpaid management fees owed with respect to Collateralised 
Currency Securities of any class denominated in such currency. 
What happens if the Currency Transaction Counterparty defaults? 
If the Currency Transaction Counterparty defaults then the Issuer would be expected to cease to enter into 
Currency Transactions and Daily Repurchase Transactions with the Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
A Currency Transaction Counterparty default would include circumstances where the Currency 
Transaction Counterparty has failed to pay amounts due with respect to the Currency Transactions and 
has failed to rectify such failure to pay within a certain time limit. Upon default the Issuer may also look to 
close out the existing Daily Repurchase Transactions in place with the Currency Transaction Counterparty 
in receipt for the cash owed to it under such Daily Repurchase Transactions. Alternatively the Issuer may 
look to liquidate the collateral held by it pursuant to such Daily Repurchase Transactions and in this regard 
will use reasonable endeavours to appoint an entity to liquidate such collateral (a “Liquidation Agent”) as 
soon as is reasonably practicable and such Liquidation Agent will be responsible for liquidating the 
collateral in a timely fashion. 
In appointing a Liquidation Agent, the Issuer will act in good faith and will seek to appoint a Liquidation 
Agent of good professional standing, having appropriate relevant experience and charging fees that are no 
higher than is commercially reasonable. The Issuer is under no obligation to obtain more than one quotation 
for such role and, where there is more than one candidate, may choose the entity it considers best suited 
to the role, regardless of whether other potential candidates would have charged lower fees. 
When can a Currency Transaction Counterparty elect to terminate Currency Transactions? 
The Currency Transaction Counterparty may, on giving not less than 1 year’s notice to the Issuer elect to 
impose a compulsory closing date. 
The Currency Transaction Counterparty (and the Issuer) also have the right to compulsorily redeem 
particular classes of Currency Transactions if certain events occur with respect to that class or with respect 
to the Currency Transaction Counterparty or the Issuer or in circumstances where the Issuer defaults under 
certain documents it has entered into with the Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
In the event that a class of Currency Transactions is compulsorily redeemed then the corresponding class 
of Collateralised Currency Security will also be compulsorily redeemed. 
Who is the Calculation Agent? 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is acting as the Calculation Agent with respect to the Currency 
Transactions under the Facility Agreement and the ISDA Master.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Who is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are financial institutions who meet certain eligibility requirements and who have 
entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. Only Authorised Participants are allowed 
to subscribe for and (in most cases) redeem Collateralised Currency Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Authorised Participants may, but do not have to, act as market makers for the Collateralised Currency 
Securities by buying and selling Collateralised Currency Securities to and from investors either on exchange 
or in over the counter transactions. 
Who is the Trustee and what do they do? 
The Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation plc. and is an independent entity whose role is to act 
as trustee on behalf of Security Holders in accordance with the Trust Instrument and to hold all rights and 
entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust on behalf of Security Holders. 
What is the cash value of a Collateralised Currency Security? 
Each Collateralised Currency Security has a Price which reflects the performance of the relevant Currency 
Index and which also reduces with respect to each day to reflect the accrual of the fees payable in respect of 
that Collateralised Currency Security. All Security Holders will buy and sell their Collateralised Currency 
Securities in return for cash on one of the stock exchanges set out in “How do I buy and sell Collateralised 
Currency Securities” below. The cash value at which the Collateralised Currency Securities will trade on 
exchange is expected to be close to the value of such Price. 
How do I buy and sell Collateralised Currency Securities? 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for and (other than in very limited circumstances) redeem 
Collateralised Currency Securities directly with the Issuer at the Price on the relevant date together with any 
associated redemption fee. Once an Authorised Participant creates Collateralised Currency Securities with the 
Issuer it can then (i) choose to hold the Collateralised Currency Securities itself; (ii) sell those securities on 
the London Stock Exchange, Borsa Italiana, Euronext Amsterdam and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(being the stock exchanges on which the Collateralised Currency Securities are admitted to trading); (iii) 
sell those Collateralised Currency Securities in an off exchange transaction (“over-the-counter” or “OTC”) or 
(iv) require the Issuer to redeem the Collateralised Currency Securities directly. Details of the exchanges 
on which a particular class of Collateralised Currency Securities can be traded are set out in a document 
entitled “final terms”, prepared by the Issuer each time that Collateralised Currency Securities are issued. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell Collateralised Currency Securities on any of 
the stock exchanges on which they are admitted to trading or in private transactions (OTC) in the same 
way as they buy and sell other listed securities. Purchases and sales of Collateralised Currency Securities 
in this way are commonly described as being “secondary market transactions”. 
Transactions in Collateralised Currency Securities other than those directly with the Issuer can be done at 
any point during the trading day. Such purchases of Collateralised Currency Securities will generally be 
done at a price which is close to the Price of the relevant class of Collateralised Currency Security on a 
particular day, however, they will not match the Price because prices of secondary market transactions also 
take account of other market conditions such as market liquidity (supply and demand) at the time that the 
investor is looking to buy or sell their Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Can I lose all of my initial investment? 
Yes, an investor may lose all of their initial investment in the event a Currency Index falls to zero. An 
investor can also lose part of their investment if the Currency Transaction Counterparty defaults – see 
section entitled “What happens if the Currency Transaction Counterparty defaults” above. 
Can I lose more than my initial investment? 
A Security Holder who buys and holds their Collateralised Currency Securities cannot lose more than their 
initial investment.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
What is the minimum investment? 
1 Collateralised Currency Security. 
What are the costs of holding the product? 
Investors are charged a daily spread and a management fee in respect of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities. The combined amount of the daily spread and the management fee (as apportioned on a daily 
basis) comprise the Daily Adjustment, which is deducted from the price of such class of Collateralised 
Currency Security with respect to each day. 
Further information on the fees is set out in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
Investors who buy and sell Collateralised Currency Securities on exchange or in transactions other than 
with the Issuer may also be charged additional costs in respect of those transactions. 
Who is the “holder” of the Collateralised Currency Securities? 
If the Collateralised Currency Securities are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the case), 
the legal “holder” will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the depositary for the 
Collateralised Currency Securities or the person entered in the register as the Security Holder. As an 
investor, your rights in relation to the Collateralised Currency Securities will be governed by the contract 
you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the 
Collateralised Currency Securities and the contracts they have with the clearing system and any 
intermediaries in between. Accordingly, where this Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or 
exercisable by, a Security Holder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent 
on the terms of the contracts in such chain.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
3CLASSES OF COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES 
USD Developed Market Currency Securities 
Details of the Currency Index being tracked and the LSE Code for each class of USD Developed Market 
Currency Security available for issue are set out below: 
 
USD Developed Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 
Long Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
LAUD 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 
Short Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
SAD 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 2x Daily) 
Double Long Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
LAU2 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
SAU2 
WisdomTree long AUD Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
LAU3 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
SAU3 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 5x Daily  
5x Long Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
LAU5 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
SAU5 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 
Long Canadian Dollar Index 
LCAD 
WisdomTree Short CAD long USD  
Short Canadian Dollar Index (TR) 
SCAD 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 2x Daily  
Double Long Canadian Dollar Index (TR) 
LCA2 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short Canadian Dollar Index (TR) 
SCA2 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long Canadian Dollar Index (TR) 
LCA3 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short Canadian Dollar Index (TR) 
SCA3 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 5x Daily  
5x Long Canadian Dollar Index (TR) 
LCA5 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short Canadian Dollar Index (TR) 
SCA5 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD  
Long Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
LCHF 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD  
Short Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
SCHF 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 2x Daily  
Double Long Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
LCH2 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
SCH2 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
LCH3 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
SCH3 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 5x Daily  
5xLong Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
LCH5 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short Swiss Franc Index (TR) 
SCH5 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD  
Long Euro Index (TR) 
LEUR 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD  
Short Euro Index (TR) 
SEUR 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 2x Daily  
Double Long Euro Index (TR) 
LEU2 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short Euro Index (TR) 
SEU2 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long Euro Index (TR) 
LEU3 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short Euro Index (TR) 
SEU3 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 5x Daily  
5x Long EURO/US Index (TR) 
SUD5 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short EURO/US Index (TR) 
LUD5 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 
Long British Pound Index (TR) 
LGBP 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 
Short British Pound Index (TR) 
SGBP 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 2x Daily 
Double Long Australian Dollar Index (TR) 
LGB2 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short British Pound Index (TR) 
SGB2 
WisdomTree long GBP Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long British Pound Index (TR) 
LGB3 
WisdomTree Short EURO Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short British Pound Index (TR) 
SGB3 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 5x Daily  
5x Long British Pound Index (TR) 
LGB5 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short British Pound Index (TR) 
SGB5 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD  
Long Japanese Yen Index 
LJPY 
WisdomTree Short JPY long USD  
Short Japanese Yen Index (TR) 
SJPY 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 2x Daily  
Double Long Japanese Yen Index (TR) 
LJP2 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short Japanese Yen Index (TR) 
SJP2 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long Japanese Yen Index (TR) 
LJP3 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short Japanese Yen Index (TR) 
SJP3 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 5x Daily  
5x Long Japanese Yen Index (TR) 
LJP5 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short Japanese Yen Index (TR) 
SJP5 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD  
Long Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
LNOK 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD  
Short Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
SNOK 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 2x Daily  
Double Long Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
LNO2 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
SNO2 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
LNO3 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
SNO3 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 5x Daily  
5xLong Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
LNO5 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short Norwegian Krone Index (TR) 
SNO5 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD  
Long New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
LNZD 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD  
Short New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
SNZD 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 2x Daily  
Double Long New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
LNZ2 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
SNZ2 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
LNZ3 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
SNZ3 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 5x Daily  
5x Long New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
LNZ5 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short New Zealand Dollar Index (TR) 
SNZ5 
A14.4.1(a)B

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
USD Developed Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD  
Long Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
LSEK 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD  
Short Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
SSEK 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 2x Daily  
Double Long Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
LSE2 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 2x Daily  
Double Short Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
SSE2 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 3x Daily  
Triple Long Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
LSE3 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 3x Daily  
Triple Short Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
SSE3 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 5x Daily  
5x Long Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
LSE5 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 5x Daily  
5x Short Swedish Krone Index (TR) 
SSE5 
USD Emerging Market Currency Securities 
Details of the Currency Index being tracked and the LSE Code for each class of USD Emerging Market 
Currency Security available for issue are set out below: 
USD Emerging Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Long BRL Short USD 
Long Brazilian Real Index (TR) 
LBRL 
WisdomTree Short BRL Long USD 
Short Brazilian Real Index (TR) 
SBRL 
 
WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD 
Long Chinese Renminbi Index (TR) 
LCNY 
 
WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD 
Short Chinese Renminbi Index (TR) 
SCNY 
 
WisdomTree Long CZK Short USD 
Long Czech Koruna Index (TR) 
LCZK 
 
WisdomTree Short CZK Long USD 
Short Czech Koruna Index (TR) 
SCZK 
 
USD Emerging Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Long HUF Short USD 
Long Hungarian Forint Index (TR) 
LHUF 
 
WisdomTree Short HUF Long USD 
Short Hungarian Forint Index (TR) 
SHUF 
 
WisdomTree Long ILS Short USD 
Long Israeli Shekel Index (TR) 
LILS 
 
WisdomTree Short ILS Long USD 
Short Israeli Shekel Index (TR) 
SILS 
 
WisdomTree Long MXN Short USD 
Long Mexican Peso Index (TR) 
LMXN 
 
WisdomTree Short MXN Long USD 
Short Mexican Peso Index (TR) 
SMXN 
 
WisdomTree Long SGD Short USD 
Long Singapore Dollar Index (TR) 
LSGD 
 
WisdomTree Short SGD Long USD 
Short Singapore Dollar Index (TR) 
SSGD 
 
WisdomTree Long ZAR Short USD 
Long South African Rand Index (TR) 
LZAR 
 
WisdomTree Short ZAR Long USD 
Short South African Rand Index (TR) 
SZAR 
 
 
 
EUR Developed Market Currency Securities 
Details of the Currency Index being tracked and the LSE Code for each class of EUR Developed Market Currency 
Security available for issue are set out below: 
 
EUR Developed Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 
Long Australian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
EUAU 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 
Short Australian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
AUEU 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long Australian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
EAU3 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short Australian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
AUE3 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long Australian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
EAU5 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short Australian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
AUE5 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 
Long Canadian Dollar /Euro Index (TR) 
ECAD 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 
Short Canadian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
CADE 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long Canadian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
ECA3 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short Canadian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
CAE3 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long Canadian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
ECA5 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short Canadian Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
CAE5 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 
Long Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
EUCH 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 
Short Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
CHEU 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 2x Daily  
Double Long Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
EUC2 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR  2x Daily  
Double Short Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
CHE2 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
ECH3

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
EUR Developed Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
CHE3 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
ECH5 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short Swiss Franc/Euro Index (TR) 
CHE5 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 
Long British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
EUGB 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 
Short British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
GBEU 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 2x Daily  
Double Long British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
EUG2 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR  2x Daily  
Double Short British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
GBE2 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
EGB3 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
GBE3 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
EGB5 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 5x Daily  
5x Short British Pound /Euro Index (TR) 
GBE5 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 
Long Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
EUJP 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 
Short Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
JPEU 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 2x Daily  
Double Long Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
EUJ2 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR  2x Daily  
Double Short Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
JPE2 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
EJP3 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
JPE3 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
EJP5 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short Japanese Yen/Euro Index (TR) 
JPE5 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 
Long Norwegian Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
EUNO 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 
Short Norwegian Kron /Euro Index (TR) 
NOEU 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 2x Daily  
Double Long Norwegian Krone/Euro Index 
(TR) 
EUN2 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR  2x Daily  
Double Short Norwegian Krone/Euro Index 
(TR) 
NOE2 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long Norwegian Krone/Euro Index 
(TR) 
EN03 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short Norwegian Krone/Euro Index 
(TR) 
NOE3 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long Norwegian Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
EN05 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short Norwegian Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
NOE5 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 
Long New Zealand Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
EUNZ 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 
Short New Zealand Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
NZEU 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long New Zealand Dollar/Euro Index 
(TR) 
ENZ3 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short New Zealand Dollar/Euro Index 
(TR) 
NZE3 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long New Zealand Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
ENZ5 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short New Zealand Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
NZE5 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 
Long Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
EUSE 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 
Short Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
SEEU 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 2x Daily  
Double Long Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
EUS2 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR  2x Daily  
Double Short Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
SEE2 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
ESE3 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
SEE3 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
ESE5 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short Swedish Krone/Euro Index (TR) 
SEE5 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 
Long US Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
EUUS 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 
Short US Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
ISEI 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 3x Daily  
Triple Long US Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
EUS3 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR  3x Daily  
Triple Short US Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
USE3 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily  
5x Long US Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
EUS5 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR  5x Daily  
5x Short US Dollar/Euro Index (TR) 
USE5 
GBP Developed Market Currency Securities 
Details of the Currency Index being tracked and the LSE Code for each class of GBP Developed market 
Currency Security available for issue are set out below: 
GBP Developed Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 
Long Australian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
GBAU 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 
Short Australian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
AUGB 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long Australian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
AUP3 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short Australian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
SAP3 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long Australian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
AUP5 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short Australian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
SAP5 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 
Long Canadian Dollar /GBP Index (TR) 
GBCA 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 
Short Canadian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
CAGB 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long Canadian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
CAP3 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short Canadian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
PCA3 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long Canadian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
CAP5 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short Canadian Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
PCA5 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 
Long Swiss Franc/GBP Index (TR) 
GBCH

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
GBP Developed Market Currency Security 
Currency Index tracked 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP 
Short Swiss Franc/GBP Index (TR) 
CHGB 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long Swiss Franc/GBP Index (TR) 
CHP3 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short Swiss Franc/GBP Index (TR) 
PCH3 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long Swiss Franc/GBP Index (TR) 
CHP5 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short Swiss Franc/GBP Index (TR) 
PCH5 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 
Long Euro/GBP Index (TR) 
GBUR 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 
Short Euro/GBP Index (TR) 
URGB 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long Euro/GBP Index (TR) 
EUP3 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short Euro/GBP Index (TR) 
SUP3 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long Euro/GBP Index (TR) 
EUP5 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short Euro/GBP Index (TR) 
SUP5 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 
Long Japanese Yen/GBP Index (TR) 
GBJP 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 
Short Japanese Yen/GBP Index (TR) 
JPGB 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long Japanese Yen/GBP Index (TR) 
JPP3 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short Japanese Yen/GBP Index (TR) 
SYP3 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long Japanese Yen/GBP Index (TR) 
JPP5 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short Japanese Yen/GBP Index (TR) 
SYP5 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 
Long Norwegian Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
GBNO 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP 
Short Norwegian Kron /GBP Index (TR) 
NOGB 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long Norwegian Krone/GBP Index 
(TR) 
NOP3 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short Norwegian Krone/GBP Index 
(TR) 
SOP3 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long Norwegian Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
NOP5 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short Norwegian Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
SOP5 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 
Long New Zealand Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
GBNZ 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP 
Short New Zealand Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
NZGB 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long New Zealand Dollar/GBP Index 
(TR) 
NZP3 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short New Zealand Dollar/GBP Index 
(TR) 
SNP3 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long New Zealand Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
NZP5 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short New Zealand Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
SNP5 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 
Long Swedish Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
GBSK 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 
Short Swedish Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
SKGB 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long Swedish Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
Sep-03 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short Swedish Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
SKP3 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long Swedish Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
Sep-05 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short Swedish Krone/GBP Index (TR) 
SKP5 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 
Long US Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
GBUS 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 
Short US Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
USGB 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 3x Daily  
Triple Long US Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
USP3 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP  3x Daily  
Triple Short US Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
PUS3 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 5x Daily  
5x Long US Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
USP5 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP  5x Daily  
5x Short US Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 
PUS5

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
4DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank and the FCA and are incorporated in this 
document by reference and are available in electronic form at the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab and at the 
registered office of the Issuer as set out next to the heading Registered Office of the Issuer and address of 
the directors and secretary of the Issuer in the section of this Prospectus headed “Directors, Secretary and 
Advisers” below: 
1. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019  
as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange 
on 15 May 2020. 
2. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 as 
published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange on 
14 June 2021. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
accordingly other than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the 
contents of any websites or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
Emphasis of Matter in 2019 Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer notes that the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the “2019 Issuer Accounts”) are incorporated into the Prospectus by reference.  In the 
2019 Issuer Accounts, the Auditors of the Issuer included an emphasis of matter.  The full text of the 
emphasis of matter is as follows:  
‘We draw attention to Note 2, Note 11(f)(i) and Note 13 of the financial statements, which describes 
the economic and social disruption the company is facing as a result of COVID-19 which is 
impacting financial markets and creating greater volatility in foreign exchange rates and associated 
indices. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.’  
The reasons for such emphasis of matter, as set out in the 2019 Issuer Accounts are summarised, below.  
The full text of the Notes referenced in the emphasis of matter are available in the 2019 Issuer Accounts.    
The value of the Issuer’s liability in respect of the Currency Securities fluctuates according to the 
performance of the underlying currency index and the risk of such change in price is managed by the Issuer 
by entering into corresponding Currency Transactions which match the liability. The obligation of the Issuer 
to holders of the Currency Securities is limited to the net proceeds of the class collateral pool, which 
comprises rights under the Currency Transactions and daily repurchase transactions entered into with the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty. The Issuer bears no financial risk from a change in the price of 
Currency Securities.  
However, there is an inherent risk from the point of view of investors as the values of currencies are 
becoming more volatile due to, amongst other things, changing supply and demand for a particular 
currency, government and monetary authority policy or intervention, interest rate levels and global or 
regional political, economic or financial events. 
In some cases movements in exchange rates can be so significant that they lead to the level of a Currency 
Index for any class falling to zero. Since leveraged Currency Indices provide leveraged exposure to daily 
changes in foreign exchange rates calculated against a base value determined on the second previous 
business day, it is possible that in certain highly volatile markets a Leveraged Currency Index may fall to 
zero where the foreign exchange rate moves by a large amount over the course of two trading days or 
even where a particular exchange rate moves by a very large amount over the course of one day. In these 
circumstances the Collateralised Currency Securities for that class may become subject to Compulsory 
Redemption at a zero Price. In such situations, the Collateralised Currency Securities may be redeemed 
for no value and a Security Holder will receive no payment on that redemption. Such events have not 
occurred during the current and prior years. 
 
 
A9.8.2 
A14.7.2

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. National governments and 
supranational organisations in multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their populations from 
COVID-19 and its subsequent mutations (“COVID-19”), including requiring or encouraging home working, 
imposing travel restrictions, the cancellation of sporting, cultural and other events and restricting or 
discouraging gatherings of people and business operations. 
COVID-19 has created market turmoil and increased market volatility generally. The steps outlined above, 
and public sentiment, may affect both the volatility and prices of foreign-exchange  and hence the prices 
of the Collateralised Currency Securities, and such effects may be significant and may be long-term in 
nature. 
The directors are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, 
which is fluid and rapidly changing. 
The market price of Collateralised Currency Securities is (and will remain) a function of supply and demand 
amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Collateralised Currency Securities and the bid or offer spread 
that the market makers are willing to quote. 
The directors are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, 
particularly with its impact on ManJer, its assets under management, and therefore its related revenue 
streams, in respect of fulfilling the obligations under the Services Agreement. The directors acknowledge 
that any impacts on the amounts reported by the Issuer, including subsequent movements in the fair value 
of assets or securities in issue, are non-adjusting from an IFRS perspective. The directors’ consideration 
in respect of the going concern position of the Issuer is set out in Note 2. 
Other than as noted above, no significant events have occurred since the end of the reporting period up to 
the date of signing the Financial Statements which would impact on the financial position of the Issuer 
disclosed in the Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2019 or on the results and cash flows 
of the Issuer for the year ended on that date.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
5DEFINITIONS 
All terms and expression which have defined meanings in Part 11 (Terms and Conditions of Collateralised 
Currency Securities) shall have the same meanings in this Prospectus. In addition, the following 
expressions have the following meanings: 
 
“5 Times Leveraged 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means each of 5 Times Leveraged Long Collateralised Currency 
Securities and 5 Times Leveraged Short Collateralised Currency 
Securities. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Long 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means 5 Times Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities, 5 
Times Leveraged Long USD Currency Securities and 5 Times 
Leveraged Long GBP Currency Securities. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Long EUR 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long CHF 
Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long NOK 
Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR and WisdomTree Long USD 
Short EUR 5x Daily. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Long GBP 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long 
CHF Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 5x 
Daily, WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree 
Long NOK Short EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 
5x Daily, WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR and WisdomTree 
Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Long USD 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long 
CHF Short USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 5x 
Daily, WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree 
Long JPY Short USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 
5x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 5x Daily and 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 5x Daily. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Short 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means 5 Times Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities, 5 
Times Leveraged Short USD Currency Securities and 5 Times 
Leveraged Short GBP Currency Securities. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Short EUR 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short 
CHF Long EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 5x 
Daily, WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 5x Daily, WisdomTree 
NOK Long EUR 5x Daily Short, WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 
5x Daily, WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 5x Daily and 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 5x Daily. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Short GBP 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short 
CHF Long GBP 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 5x 
Daily, WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 5x Daily, WisdomTree 
Short NOK Long GBP 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP 
5x Daily, WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 5x Daily and 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 5x Daily. 
 
“5 Times Leveraged Short USD 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 5x Daily, 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short 
CHF Long USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 5x 
Daily, WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Short JPY Long USD 5x Daily, WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 
5x Daily, WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 5x Daily and 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 5x Daily. 
“5 Times Long Currency 
Indices” 
means the Currency Indices referred to under the heading 
“MSFXSM Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“5 Times Short Currency 
Indices” 
means the Currency Indices referred to under the heading 
“MSFXSM Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Additional Closing Fee” 
has the meaning set out under the heading “Additional Closing Fee” 
 
“Additional Redemption Fee” 
has the meaning set out under the heading “Additional Redemption 
 
“Affected Counterparty” 
has the meaning under the heading “Consolidation and division”  
in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
 
“Affected CTC Collateral Pool” 
has the meaning under the heading “Consolidation and division”  
in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
 
“Agreed Pricing” 
has the meaning under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions” 
 
“Amendment Date” 
means 10th April 2017. 
 
“Applicant” 
means  an  Authorised  Participant  who  makes  an Application for 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
“Application” 
means  an  offer  by  an  Applicant  to  the  Issuer  to  subscribe  
for Collateralised Currency Securities, being an offer on terms 
referred to in an Application Form and this document and in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
 
“Application Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Issuer in respect of the 
issue of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
“Application Form” 
means  the  application  form  to  be  used  in  connection  with  the 
Programme. 
 
“Application Monies” 
means, for an Application, all moneys paid or to be paid to or to 
the order of the Issuer by the Applicant in respect of the Application. 
 
“AUD” 
means the lawful currency of Australia. 
 
“Authorised Person” 
means a person authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority or 
the Prudential Regulation Authority for the purposes of the FSMA. 
 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Issuer. 
 
“BONY” 
means the Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, having its 
principal office at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL.  
“BONY Accounts” 
means the  BONY  Custody Account  and  the  Collateral Receiver 
Account. 
 
“BONY Custody Account” 
has the meaning under the heading “Custody Agreement” in Part 
8 (Summary of Transaction Documents). 
 
“BRL” 
means the lawful currency of Brazil. 
 
“CAD” 
means the lawful currency of Canada. 
 
“Cash Account” 
means a cash account held with an Account Bank. 
 
“Central Bank” 
means the Central Bank of Ireland.  
 
A19.3.8C

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
“Certificated or Certificated 
Form” 
means not in Uncertificated Form. 
 
"CHF" 
means the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
 
“Closing” 
means, in respect of a Currency Transaction, the “Closing” of 
a Currency Transaction as defined under the Facility Agreement 
relevant to such Currency Transaction. 
 
“Closing Fee Transaction” 
means  a  “Shortfall  Closing  Transaction”  or  “Equivalent  
ClosingTransaction” (each as defined in the MSIP Facility 
Agreement to describe transactions which wholly or partially Close 
Currency Transactions to correspond with Redemptions of 
underlying Collateralised Currency Securities), subject to certain 
exceptions specified in the MSIP Facility Agreement. 
 
“Closing Notice” 
means an Index Closing Notice or an Agreed Closing Notice. 
 
“CNY” 
means the lawful currency of the Republic of China. 
 
“CNY Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD and 
WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD. 
 
“Collateral Administration 
Agreement” 
has the meaning, in respect of a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, given to it in the Facility Agreement with that 
Currency Transaction Counterparty and includes an agreement of 
that name between the Issuer and BONY dated 5 November 2009 
(as supplemented by a supplemental agreement  between  the  
Issuer  and  BONY  dated 3 October 2018). 
 
“Collateralised Currency 
Securities” or “Currency 
Securities” 
means 221 classes of Collateralised Currency Securities which 
have been authorised for issue as described in this Prospectus 
together with any further securities that may be issued from time 
to time. 
 
“Collateral Receiver Account” 
has the  meaning  under  the  heading  “Collateral    Administration 
Agreement” in Part 8 (Summary of Transaction Documents). 
 
“Commodity-linked Currencies” 
means the currencies of certain countries whose economies 
heavily depend on the export of commodities being as at the date 
of this Prospectus the Australian Dollar, New Zealand Dollar, 
Norwegian Krona and Canadian Dollar. 
 
“Compulsory Closing Amount” 
means in respect of a Compulsory Closing Date and a class 
of Currency Transactions, where such Compulsory Closing Date 
is notified in accordance with: 
(a) 
clauses 10.2 or 10.3 of the Facility Agreement, the total 
Volume of the Currency Transaction of such class 
outstanding as at the end of the Pricing Day immediately 
preceding the Compulsory Closing Date; and 
(b) 
clause 12.6(b) of the Facility Agreement, the proportion of 
the Volume of the Currency Transaction of that class 
corresponding with the number of Currency Securities of 
that class specified by the Issuer with respect to a 
particular Security Holder (a Prohibited US Person or 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor). 
 
“Compulsory Closing Date” 
has the meaning under the heading “MSIP Facility Agreement”   in 
Part 8 (Summary of Transaction Documents). 
 
“Core Function” 
in respect of a Currency Transaction Counterparty, has the 
meaning given to it in the Facility Agreement with that Currency

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Transaction Counterparty and in respect of the MSIP Facility 
Agreement has the meaning given under the heading “Master 
Confirmation Agreement” in Part 8 (Summary of Transaction 
Documents). 
“Counterparty Account” 
has the  meaning  under  the  heading  “Accounts  and    Collateral 
Administration” in Part 1 (General). 
 
“Creation Limits” 
means  the  limits  under  each  Facility  Agreement  on  creation 
of Currency Transactions (and corresponding limits on issue of 
Collateralised Currency Securities). 
 
“Creation Notice” 
means an Index Creation Notice or an Agreed Creation Notice. 
 
“CREST” 
means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the  
holding of securities in Uncertificated Form administered by 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. 
 
“CTC Enforcement Event” 
in relation to a Security Deed, has the meaning given to it in that 
Security Deed (and CTC Enforcement Event relates to the 
Counterparty Collateral Pool the subject of such Security Deed). 
Under the Security Deed relating to MSIP described under Part 7 
(Description of Security), it means an event which is an Event of 
Default or an Additional Termination Event under the MSIP ISDA 
Master Agreement in respect of which the Issuer is the Defaulting 
Party or the sole Affected Party, as applicable (each as defined in 
the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement). 
 
“Currency” 
means each of AUD, BRL, CAD, CHF, CNY, CZK, Euro, GBP, HUF,  
ILS, JPY, MXN, NZD, NOK, SEK, SGD, USD and ZAR. 
 
“Currency Indices” or 
“MSFXSM Indices” 
means the MSFXSM Indices calculated and published by Morgan 
Stanley & Co. LLC which the Collateralised Currency Securities 
are priced by reference to. 
 
“Currency Pair” 
has the meaning given to it under the heading “Currency Indices” 
in Part 1 (General) and refers to a USD Currency Pair, a Euro 
Currency Pair, a GBP Currency Pair or any other currency pair 
which might subsequently be added to the Programme. 
 
“Custody Agreement” 
has the meaning, in respect of a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, given to it in the Facility Agreement with that 
Currency Transaction Counterparty and includes an agreement of 
that name between the Issuer, ETFSL and BONY dated 5 
November 2009. 
 
“CZK” 
means the lawful currency of the Czech Republic. 
 
“Daily Currency Exposure” 
has the meaning given to such term under the heading   “Currency 
Indices” in Part 1 (General). 
 
“Daily Collateral Yield” 
has the meaning given to such term under the heading “Calculation 
of the Currency Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Daily Repurchase Transaction” 
has the meaning given to such term under the heading “Daily 
Repurchase Transactions” in Part 6 (Description of Daily 
Repurchase Transactions and Collateral Administration). 
 
“Deliverable Currency” 
has the meaning given to such term under the heading “Deliverable 
Currencies” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Deliverable Forward Contracts” 
has the meaning given to such term under the heading “Deliverable 
Currencies” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices).

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
“Developed Market Currencies” 
means each of AUD, CAD, CHF, Euro, GBP, JPY, NOK, NZD, SEK 
and USD. 
 
"Double Leveraged Long 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means each of the Double Leveraged Long EUR Currency 
Securities and the Double Leveraged Long USD Currency 
Securities. 
 
“Double Leveraged Long EUR 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 2x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 2x Daily, WisdomTree Long 
JPY Short EUR 2x Daily, WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 2x 
Daily and WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 2x Daily. 
 
“Double Leveraged Long USD 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 2x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree Long 
CHF Short USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 2x 
Daily, WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree 
Long JPY Short USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 
2x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 2x Daily and 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 2x Daily. 
 
“Double Leveraged Short 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means each of the Double Leveraged Short EUR Currency 
Securities and the Double Leveraged Short USD Currency 
Securities. 
 
“Double Leveraged Short EUR 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 2x Daily, 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 2x Daily, WisdomTree Short 
JPY Long EUR 2x Daily, WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 2x 
Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 2x Daily. 
 
“Double Leveraged Short USD 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 2x Daily, 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree Short 
CHF Long USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 2x 
Daily, WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree 
Short JPY Long USD 2x Daily, WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 
2x Daily, WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 2x Daily and 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 2x Daily. 
 
“Double Long Currency Indices” 
means the Currency Indices referred to under the heading 
“MSFXSM Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Double Short Currency Indices” 
means the Currency Indices referred to under the heading 
“MSFXSM Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Eligible Collateral” 
means  securities  and/or  cash  specified  as  such  in  an   Eligible 
Collateral Agreement and, in respect of the Eligible Collateral 
Agreement between MSIP, the Issuer and the Collateral 
Administrator in respect of MSIP, has the meaning under the heading 
“Eligible Collateral” in Part 6 (Description of Daily Repurchase 
Transactions and Collateral Administration). 
 
“Emerging Market Currencies” 
means each of BRL, CNY, CZK, HUF, ILS, MXN, SGD and ZAR. 
 
“Equivalent Currency 
Transaction” 
means a Currency Transaction or amendment to the terms of a 
Currency Transaction as defined in the MSIP Facility Agreement. 
 
“ETFSL” 
means (ETFS Capital Limited formerly ETF Securities   Limited), 
a  company incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered 
number 88370. 
 
“EUR Developed Market 
Currency Securities” 
means the Long EUR Currency Securities, the Short EUR 
Currency Securities, the Double Leveraged Long EUR Currency 
Securities, the Double Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities, 
the Triple Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities, the Triple

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities, the 5 Times Leveraged 
Long  EUR Currency Securities and the 5 Times Leveraged Short 
EUR Currency Securities. 
“Euro” 
means the lawful currency of the participating member states of 
the European Union adopted in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Communities, as amended by the 
Treaty on European Union. 
 
“Euronext Dublin” 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
 
“Euro Currency Pair” 
has the meaning under the heading “Currency Indices” in Part 1 
(General). 
 
“Euro Currency Transaction” 
means a Currency Transaction under which the payment 
obligations of the Issuer and the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty are denominated in Euros (other than payment 
obligations arising in respect of any “Early Termination Amount” 
under the Relevant ISDA Master Agreement). 
 
“Euro Overnight Index Average 
Rate (EONIA)” 
has the meaning given to such term in the Manual. 
 
“Euro Repo” 
means a repurchase transaction entered into by the Issuer    and 
a currency Transaction Counterparty subject to and governed by a 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement under which the payment 
obligations of the parties are denominated in Euros (other than in the 
case of any sum payable pursuant to clause 10(c) of such Global 
Master Repurchase Agreement). 
 
“Euro Repo Amount” 
has the  meaning  set  out  under  the  heading  “Daily Repurchase 
Transactions” in Part 6 (Description of Daily Repurchase 
Transactions and Collateral Administration). 
 
“Exempt Person” 
means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms   of 
an Authorised Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a 
business comprising a regulated activity in relation to which it is 
exempt from the need to be an Authorised Person as a result of a 
provision of the FSMA or associated secondary legislation. 
 
“Existing Security” 
has the meaning given under Condition 15.5 in Part 11 (Terms  and 
Conditions of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
 
“Facility Agreements” 
means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and 
different Currency Transaction Counterparties providing for the 
creation and closing of Currency Transactions including an 
agreement of that name between the Issuer and MSIP dated 5 
November 2009 as amended  and  restated  on  14  June  2010,  
31  December  2010, 23 June 2014 and 19 September 2014 
respectively (the MSIP Facility Agreement and, for so long as 
MSIP is the only Currency Transaction Counterparty, the Facility 
Agreement). 
 
“FCA” 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom. 
 
“FCA Handbook” 
means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance. 
 
“Final Terms” 
means final terms in or substantially in the form annexed hereto 
and for final terms delivered to the Central Bank or any other party 
for use in a Europe Economic Area State means final terms within 
the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and for final terms 
delivered to the FCA or any other party for use in the United 
Kingdom means final terms within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
“Forward Contract” 
in respect of a Deliverable Currency means a Spot Next   Currency 
Forward or a Tom Next Currency Forward and, in respect of a Non- 
Deliverable Currency, a Non-Deliverable Forward Contract. 
 
“GBP” 
means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
“GBP Currency Pair” 
has the meaning set out under the heading “Currency Indices” 
in Part 1 (General). 
 
“GBP Currency Transaction” 
means a Currency Transaction under which the payment 
obligations of  the  Issuer  and  the  Currency  Transaction  
Counterparty  are denominated in GBP (other than the payment 
obligations arising in respect of any “Early Termination Amount” 
under the Relevant ISDA Master Agreement). 
 
“GBP Developed Market 
Currency Securities” 
means the Long GBP Currency Securities, the Short GBP 
Currency Securities, the Triple Leveraged Long GBP Currency 
Securities, the Triple Leveraged Short GBP Currency Securities, 
the 5 Times Leveraged Long GBP Currency Securities and the 5 
Times Leveraged Short GBP Currency Securities. 
 
“GBP Repo Amount” 
has  the  meaning  set  out  under  the  heading  “Daily Repurchase 
Transactions” in Part 6 (Description of Daily Repurchase 
Transactions and Collateral Administration). 
 
“GBP Repo” 
means a repurchase transaction entered into by the Issuer    and 
a Currency Transaction Counterparty subject to and governed 
by a Global Master Repurchase Agreement under which the 
payment obligations of the parties are denominated in GBP (other 
than in the case of any sum payable pursuant to clause 10(c) of 
such Global Master Repurchase Agreement). 
 
“Global Master Repurchase 
Agreements” or “Repo” 
means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and the 
Currency Transaction Counterparties governing Repos including 
an agreement of that name  between  the  Issuer  and  MSIP  dated  
5 November 2009 (the MSIP GMRA and, for so long as MSIP is 
the only Currency Transaction Counterparty, the GMRA). 
 
“HoldCo” 
means WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited    (formerly  ETFS 
Holdings (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated in Jersey with 
registered number 106817. 
 
“HUF” 
means the lawful currency of the Republic of Hungary. 
 
“Index Business Day” 
means in respect of any class, a day on which the Currency   Index 
for such class is scheduled to be published in accordance with the 
Manual. 
 
“Index Good-Day” 
has the meaning given to such term in the Manual. 
 
“Index Pricing” 
has  the  meaning  set  out  under  the  heading  “Applications  and 
Redemptions” in Part 5 (Description of Collateralised Currency 
Securities). 
 
“Index Sponsor” 
means any entity which calculates and publishes a Currency 
Index. 
 
“Initial Calculation Date” 
has the meaning set out under the heading “MSFXSM Indices” 
in Part 4 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Issuer’s Website” 
means   the   website   having   the   following   internet     address: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu or such other internet address as may 
be notified to Security Holders and the Trustee by RIS 
announcement.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
“ILS” 
means the lawful currency of Israel. 
 
“ISDA Master Agreements” 
means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and 
different Currency Transaction Counterparties governing Currency 
Transactions including the amended and restated 2002 ISDA 
Master Agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 23 June 
2014 and the amended and restated master confirmation 
agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 23 June 2014 
together with each transaction’s confirmation supplement thereto 
(the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement and, for so long as MSIP is 
the only Currency Transaction Counterparty, the ISDA Master 
Agreement). 
 
“JPY” 
means the lawful currency of Japan. 
 
“Leveraged Collateralised 
Currency Securities” 
means each of the Double Leveraged Long Collateralised 
Currency Securities, the Double Leveraged Short Collateralised 
Currency Securities, the Triple Leveraged Long Collateralised 
Currency Securities, the Triple Leveraged Short Collateralised 
Currency Securities, the 5 Times Leveraged Long Collateralised 
Currency 
Securities and the 5 Times Leveraged Short 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
“Leverage Factor” 
means a factor of -1, -2 , +2, -3, +3, -5 or +5 which is applied to the 
Daily Currency Exposure of the relevant Currency Securities. 
 
“Listing” 
means in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency 
Securities, the admission of such class to the UK Official List in 
accordance with the Listing Rules and the admission to trading of 
such class on the London Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or 
any such regulated market if the London Stock Exchange has at any 
time more than one such market) becoming effective. 
 
“Listing Agreement” 
has the meaning given under the heading “General” in Part 
15 (Additional Information) 
 
“Listing Rules” 
means the listing rules of the FCA made under section 73A of FSMA 
 
“Liquidity Facility” 
means an overnight overdraft or overnight loan facility (the interest 
rate in respect of which has been approved in advance by MSIP) 
provided to the Issuer by the Collateral Administrator and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any overdraft or loan provided under such 
facility shall be regarded as made under a Daily Payment Amount 
Facility or under a Redemption Liquidity Facility (and “overnight” 
for these purposes refers to an overdraft or loan made on any day 
for repayment on the next Repo Day). 
 
“London Business Day” 
means  a  day  (other  than  a  Saturday  or  a  Sunday)  on   which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
 
“Long Currency Indices” 
means the Currency Indices specified as such under the    heading 
“MSFXSM  Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“London Stock Exchange” 
means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed 
securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange 
has at any time more than one such market), as the context may 
require. 
 
“Long EUR Currency 
Securities”  
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR,  WisdomTree 
Long CAD Short EUR, WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR, 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR, WisdomTree Long JPY Short

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
EUR, WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR, WisdomTree Long NZD 
Short EUR, WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR and WisdomTree 
Long USD Short EUR. 
“Long USD Developed Market 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD, WisdomTree 
Long CAD Short USD, WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD, 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD, WisdomTree Long GBP Short 
USD, WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD, WisdomTree Long NOK 
Short USD, WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD and WisdomTree 
Long SEK Short USD. 
 
“Long USD Emerging Market 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long BRL Short USD, WisdomTree 
Long CNY Short USD, WisdomTree Long CZK Short USD, 
WisdomTree Long HUF Short USD, WisdomTree Long ILS Short 
USD, WisdomTree Long MXN Short USD, WisdomTree Long SGD 
Short USD and WisdomTree Long ZAR Short USD. 
 
“Main Index” 
means each index described as a Main Index in Schedule 1 to the 
Eligible Collateral Agreement.  
 
“Main Index Security” 
means any equity security (whether preferred or common stock) of 
an issuer of such obligation which is a member of a Main Index (a 
Main Index Equity) or American depositary receipt representing 
such Main Index Equity. 
 
“Main Market” 
means the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 
 
“Management Fee” 
means, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, 
the management fee rate per annum payable by the Issuer to 
ManJer as set out in the Services Agreement (as the same may be 
amended from time to time). 
 
“Management Fee Amount” 
means, in respect of any Underlying Currency Security on any day, 
the amount to be deducted from the Price of such security in respect 
of the Management Fee for such day pursuant to the pricing formula 
(and on the date on which such Underlying Currency Security is 
issued, also includes each such amount to be deducted in respect 
of each day since the date of the Application for the security). 
 
“ManJer” 
means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS  
Management Company (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated 
in Jersey with registered number 106921. 
 
“Manual” 
means the MSFXSM  Indices Manual published by MS&CO 
 
“Master Confirmation 
Agreement” 
means the amended and restated master confirmation agreement 
dated 23 June 2014 entered into by the Issuer and MSIP. 
 
“Maximum Closing Limit” 
means, in respect of a class of Currency Transactions, a maximum 
limit on the amount or volume by which a Currency Transaction of 
such class may be closed in accordance with a Facility Agreement 
governing any such closing as agreed between the parties to such 
Facility Agreement from time to time. 
 
“MiFID II” 
means   EU   Directive   2014/65/EU   (the   Markets   in   Financial  
Instruments Directive), as amended. 
 
“Minimum Closing Limit” 
means, in respect of a class of Currency Transactions, a minimum 
limit on the amount or volume by which a Currency Transaction of 
such class may be closed in accordance with a Facility Agreement 
governing any such closing as agreed between the parties to such 
Facility Agreement from time to time.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
“Minimum Creation Volume” 
means the minimum creation volume specified as such under  the 
heading “Applications and Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of 
Collateralised Currency Securities). 
 
“Moody’s” 
means Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any successor to the  
ratings business thereof). 
 
“Morgan Stanley Group” 
means MSIP and each of its Affiliates. 
 
“MS&CO” 
means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
 
“MSFXSM Indices Committee” 
means the committee established as such pursuant to the Manual. 
 
“MSFX Website” 
has the meaning given under the heading “MSFXSM Indices” in 
Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“MSIP Additional Closing Fee” 
has   the   meaning   given   to   it   under   the   heading “Additional 
Redemption Fee for CNY Securities” in Part 1 (General). 
 
“MSIP Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement” 
means the TBMA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
(2000 Version) dated on or about the Effective Date entered into 
by the Issuer and MSIP. 
 
“MXN” 
means the lawful currency of United Mexican States. 
 
“NDF” 
has the meaning under the heading “Non-Deliverable Currencies” 
in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Net Adjustment Amount” 
means, in respect of a Repo entered into on a Repo Day (Day T), 
a positive or negative amount in the Relevant Currency equal to: 
(a) the sum of all cash in the Relevant Currency received into the 
Creation Account in respect of a Creation of Collateralised 
Currency Securities denominated in that currency on and since 
the next preceding Repo Day which was not also a Collateral 
Administrator Suspension Day (excluding any cash received on 
Day T); LESS 
(b) the sum of all Redemption Amounts in the Relevant Currency 
due and payable by the Issuer under the Conditions on the 
Repo Day next following Day T. 
 
“New Class Securities” 
means the 5 Times Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
“NOK” 
means the lawful currency of Norway. 
 
“Non-Deliverable Currency” 
has the meaning under the heading “Non-Deliverable Currencies” 
in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Non-Deliverable Forward 
Contract” 
has the meaning under the heading “Non-Deliverable Currencies” 
in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Notice Deadline” 
means: 
(i) in respect of Currency Securities other than CNY Securities, on 
a Pricing Day, 2.30 p.m. (London time) or such other time 
notified by MSIP to FXL as the Notice Deadline in respect of a 
particular Pricing Day, Currency Transaction or generally; or 
(ii) in respect of CNY Securities, on a London Business Day,  5 
p.m. (London time) or such other time notified by MSIP to FXL as 
the Notice Deadline in respect of a particular Pricing Day, 
London Business Day, Currency Transaction or generally. 
 
“NZD” 
means the lawful currency of New Zealand.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
“Official List” 
means the official list maintained by Euronext Dublin. 
 
“One-Month T-Bill rate” 
has the meaning given to such term in the Manual. 
 
“Overseas Person” 
means a person who (a) carries on activities of the kind specified 
by any of articles 14, 21, 25, 25A, 25B, 25C, 25D, 25E, 37, 39A, 40, 
45, 51ZA, 51ZB, 51ZC, 51ZD, 51ZE, 52, 53, 53A, 53B, 53C, 
53D61, 63B, 63F, 63J of the RAO or, so far as relevant to any of 
those articles, article 64 (or activities of a kind which would be so 
specified but for the exclusion in article 72); but (b) does not carry 
on any such activities, or offer to do so, from a permanent place of 
business maintained by him in the United Kingdom. 
 
“Pricing Day” 
means, in respect of a Currency Transaction of any class, an Index 
Business Day for that class which is not a Index Disruption Day for 
that class. 
 
“Primary Index” 
means each index described as a Primary Index in Schedule 1 to 
the Eligible Collateral Agreement. 
 
“Priority Waterfall” 
means the priority waterfall  set  out  under  the  heading “Priority 
Waterfall” in Part 7 (Description of Security). 
 
“Processing Fee” 
means on any date an amount equivalent to the aggregate amount 
which the Issuer has received (including by way of set-off) in 
respect of Application Fees and Redemption Fees less the 
aggregate amount of Processing Fees which the Issuer has paid 
to ManJer under the Services Agreement as at that date. 
 
“Programme” 
means the  programme  for  the  issue  of  Collateralised Currency 
Securities described in this document. 
 
“Prospective Regulation” 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Counsel of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
 
“Prospectus Directive” 
means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 4 November 2003. 
 
“Prospectus Regulation Rules” 
means the prospectus rules of the FCA from time to time, made 
under section 73A of FSMA. 
 
“Prudential Regulation 
Authority” 
means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom. 
 
“RAO” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act    2000 (Regulated 
Activities) Order 2001 made under the FSMA. 
 
“Registrar Agreement” 
means the agreement for the provision of registry and  associated 
services between Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) 
Limited, Issuer and the Trustee dated 31 December 2012. 
 
“Relevant Class” 
has the meaning under the heading “Consolidation and division” in 
Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
 
“Relevant Currency” 
means: 
(a) in relation to a Euro Currency Transaction, Euro Repo or Euro 
Currency Security, Euros; 
(b) in relation to a GBP Currency Transaction, GBP Repo or GBP 
Currency Security, GBP; and 
(c) in relation to a USD Currency Transaction, USD Repo or USD 
Currency Security, USD.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
“Relevant Repo Amount” 
means: 
(a) in relation to a Euro Repo, the Euro Repo Amount; 
(b) in relation to a GBP Repo, the GBP Repo Amount; and 
(c) in relation to a USD Repo, the USD Repo Amount. 
 
“Relevant Securities” 
has the meaning in Part 7 (Description of Security). 
 
“RIS” 
means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes 
of the Listing Rules) from time to time chosen by the Issuer. 
 
“Secondary Index” 
means each index described as a Secondary Index in Schedule 1 
to the Eligible Collateral Agreement. 
 
“Secondary Index Security” 
means any equity security (whether preferred or common stock) of 
an issuer of such obligation (a Secondary Index Equity) or 
American depositary receipt representing such Secondary Index 
Equity. 
 
“Secured Property” 
has the meaning given to it in the Security Deed. 
 
“Security Deed” 
means, for  any  class  of  Collateralised  Currency  Security, each 
security deed over a Counterparty Collateral Pool relevant to such 
class, entered into between the Issuer and the Security Trustee 
including the deed of that name between the Issuer, the Security 
Trustee, the Trustee, MSIP and ManJer dated 5 November 2009 
(as amended by two deeds of amendment dated 14 June 2010 and   
31 December 2010 respectively) in respect of the Counterparty 
Collateral Pool relating to MSIP (for so long as MSIP is the only 
Currency Transaction Counterparty, the Security Deed). 
 
“Services Agreement” 
means  the  agreement  between  the  Issuer  and  ETFSL dated 5 
November 2009 as novated to the Issuer and ManJer pursuant to 
a novation agreement dated 31 December 2010 in respect of the 
provision of services by ManJer to the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme or any replacement agreement which the Issuer may 
agree from time to time, in respect of the provision of such services 
with any of its Affiliates. 
 
“SEK” 
means the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
 
“Settled Volume” 
has the meaning given under the heading “Volume of Currency 
Transactions” in Part 5 (Description of Currency Transactions). 
 
“Settlement Agreement” 
has the meaning given under the heading “General” in Part 
14 (Additional Information). 
 
“SGD” 
means the lawful currency of the Republic of Singapore. 
 
“Short Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means each of the Short GBP Currency Securities, the Short 
EURO Currency Securities and the Short USD Developed Market 
Currency Securities. 
 
“Short Currency Indices” 
means the Currency Indices referred to under the heading 
“MSFXSM Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Short EUR Currency 
Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR, WisdomTree 
Short CAD Long EUR, WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR, 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR, WisdomTree Short JPY Long 
EUR, WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR, WisdomTree Short 
NZD Long EUR, WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR and 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
“Short GBP Currency 
Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP, WisdomTree 
Short CAD Long GBP, WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP, 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP, WisdomTree Short JPY Long 
GBP, WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP, WisdomTree Short 
NZD Long GBP, WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP and 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP. 
 
“Short USD Developed Market 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD, WisdomTree 
Short CAD Long USD, WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD, 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD, WisdomTree Short GBP 
Long USD, WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD, WisdomTree 
Short NOK Long USD, WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD and 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD. 
 
“Short USD Emerging Market 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short BRL Long USD, WisdomTree 
Short CNY Long USD, WisdomTree Short CZK Long USD, 
WisdomTree Short HUF Long USD, WisdomTree Short ILS Long 
USD, WisdomTree Short MXN Long USD, WisdomTree Short 
SGD Long USD and WisdomTree Short ZAR Long USD. 
 
“S&P” 
means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw- 
Hill Companies Inc. (or any successor to the ratings business 
thereof). 
 
“Spot Next Currency Forward” 
means a transaction where a counterparty agrees to exchange 
some amount “A” of currency “X” against another currency “Y” at a 
certain rate two business days from the transaction date and 
receive back the same amount of currency “Y” against currency 
“X” at the same rate plus a spread three business days from the 
transaction date. 
 
“Sterling Overnight Interbank 
Average Rate ("SONIA")” 
has the meaning given to such term in the Manual. 
 
“System” 
means  the  system  for  requesting  the  issue  and redemption 
of Collateralised Currency Securities and the creation and closing 
of Currency Transactions via the secure website intended to be 
maintained by the Issuer for such purpose as described under the 
heading “Applications and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 
(Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
 
“Tom Next Currency Forward” 
means a transaction where a counterparty agrees to exchange 
some amount “A” of currency “X” against another currency “Y” at a 
certain rate one business day from the transaction date and 
receive back the same amount “A” of currency “X” against currency 
“Y” at the same rate plus a spread two business days from the 
transaction date. 
 
“Transparency Rules” 
means  the  rules  of  the  FCA  relating  to  the  notification and 
dissemination of information in respect of issuers of transferable 
securities and relating to major shareholdings made under section 
73A of FSMA . 
 
“Triple Leveraged 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means each of Triple Leveraged Long Collateralised Currency 
Securities and Triple Leveraged Short Collateralised Currency 
Securities. 
 
“Triple Leveraged Long 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means Triple Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities, Triple 
Leveraged Long USD Currency Securities and Triple Leveraged 
Long GBP Currency Securities. 
 
“Triple Leveraged Long EUR 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 3x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
CHF Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 3x 
Daily, WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree 
Long NOK Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 
3x Daily, WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 3x Daily and 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 3x Daily. 
“Triple Leveraged Long GBP 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 3x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long 
CHF Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 3x 
Daily, WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree 
Long NOK Short EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 
3x Daily, WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 3x Daily and 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 3x Daily. 
 
“Triple Leveraged Long USD 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 3x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long 
CHF Short GBP 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 3x 
Daily, WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 3x Daily, WisdomTree 
Long NOK Short GBP 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 
3x   Daily, 
 
“Triple Leveraged Short 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities” 
means Triple Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities, Triple 
Leveraged Short USD Currency Securities and Triple Leveraged 
Short GBP Currency Securities. 
 
“Triple Leveraged Short EUR 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 3x Daily, 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long 
CHF Short USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 3x 
Daily, WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree 
Long JPY Short USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 
3x Daily, WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 3x Daily and 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 3x Daily. 
 
“Triple Leveraged Short GBP 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 3x Daily, 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Short 
CHF Long EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 3x 
Daily, WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree 
Short NOK Long EUR 3x Daily, WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 
3x Daily, WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 3x Daily and 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 3x Daily. 
 
“Triple Leveraged Short USD 
Currency Securities” 
means each of WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 3x Daily, 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree Short 
CHF Long USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 3x 
Daily, WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree 
Short JPY Long USD 3x Daily, WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 
3x Daily, WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 3x Daily and 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 3x Daily. 
 
“Triple Long Currency Indices” 
means the Currency Indices referred to under the heading 
“MSFXSM Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Triple Short Currency Indices” 
means the Currency Indices referred to under the heading 
“MSFXSM Indices” in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
 
“Trust Instrument” 
means the trust instrument dated 5 November 2009, between the 
Issuer and the Trustee (as amended by supplemental trust 
instruments dated 14 June 2010, 31 December 2010, 23 June 
2014list, 19 September 2014, 31 July 2019 and 28 May 2020) 
constituting Collateralised Currency Securities, including the 
schedules thereto as further amended and supplemented by trust 
instruments between the Issuer and the Trustee supplemental 
thereto.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
“Unacceptable Authorised 
Participant” 
means, in relation to any Currency Transaction Counterparty, an 
Authorised Participant in respect of which that Currency 
Transaction Counterparty has given and not withdrawn notice 
under the relevant Facility Agreement that the Authorised 
Participant has ceased to be acceptable to such Currency 
Transaction Counterparty. 
 
“Uncertificated Form” 
means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, 
title to which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by 
means of CREST. 
 
“Uncertificated Notice of 
Meeting” 
means a properly authenticated dematerialised instruction, and/or 
other instruction or notification, which is sent by means of CREST. 
 
“Underlying Currency Security” 
means in respect of any Currency Transaction of any class on any 
Pricing Day, any Currency Security to which such Currency 
Transaction relates. 
 
“Underlying Number” 
means in relation to a Currency Transaction of any class on any day, 
a  number determined in accordance with the relevant /Facility 
Agreement representing the amount of Collateralised Currency 
Securities which are in issue and have been settled and which are 
referable to such Currency Transaction. 
 
“Underlying Unsettled Number” 
means in relation to a Currency Transaction of any class on any day, 
a number determined in accordance with the relevant Facility 
Agreement representing the amount of Collateralised Currency 
Securities which are in issue and have not been settled and which 
are referable to such Currency Transaction. 
 
“UK Listing Authority” 
means the Financial Conduct Authority in its capacity as the 
competent authority for the purposes of Part VI of the FSMA. 
 
“UK Official List” 
means the official list maintained by the UK Listing Authority for 
thepurposes of Part VI of FSMA. 
 
"UK Prospectus Regulation"      
means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.  
 
“US Dollars, USD or US$” 
means the lawful currency of the USA. 
 
“USD Currency Pair” 
has the meaning under the heading “Currency Indices” in Part 
1 (General). 
 
“USD Currency Transaction” 
means a Currency Transaction under which the payment 
obligations of the Issuer and the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty are denominated in US Dollars (other than payment 
obligations arising in respect of any “Early Termination Amount” 
under the Relevant ISDA Master Agreement). 
 
“USD Developed Market 
Currency Securities” 
means the Long USD Developed Market Currency Securities, the 
Short USD Developed Market Currency Securities, the Double 
Leveraged Long USD Currency Securities, the Double Leveraged 
Short USD Currency Securities, the Triple Leveraged Long USD 
Currency Securities, the Triple Leveraged Short USD Currency 
Securities, the 5 Times Leveraged Long USD Currency Securities 
and the 5 Times Leveraged Short USD Currency Securities. 
 
“USD Emerging Market 
Currency Securities” 
means the Long USD Emerging Market Currency Securities and 
the Short USD Emerging Market Currency Securities.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
“USD Repo” 
means a repurchase transaction entered into by the Issuer and a 
Currency Transaction Counterparty subject to and governed by a 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement under which the payment 
obligations of the parties are denominated in US Dollars (other than 
in the case of any sum payable pursuant to clause 10(c) of such 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement). 
 
“USD Repo Amount” 
has  the  meaning  set  out  under  the  heading  “Daily Repurchase 
Transactions” in Part 6 (Description of Daily Repurchase 
Transactions and Collateral Administration). 
 
“Unsettled Volume” 
has the meaning given under the heading “Volume of Currency 
Transactions” in Part 5 (Description of Currency Transactions). 
 
“Value” 
means in respect of Eligible Collateral transferred or to be 
transferred under any Euro Repo, GBP Repo or USD Repo, the 
value of such Eligible Collateral as determined by the Collateral 
Administrator in accordance with the Collateral Administration 
Agreement and Eligible Collateral Agreement and, where such 
value is denominated in a currency other than the Relevant 
Currency for such Repo, converted into such currency at a 
prevailing market rate of exchange selected by the Collateral 
Administrator. 
 
“Volume” 
has the meaning given under the heading “Volume of Currency 
Transactions” in Part 5 (Description of Currency Transactions), 
other than in respect of the terms and conditions of Collateralised 
Currency Securities set out in Part 11, in which case it has the 
meaning given to it in those terms and conditions. 
 
“Wire Cut-Off” 
means: 
(a) in respect of payments to be made by the Issuer to the Currency 
Transaction Counterparty in respect of Daily Payment Amounts 
denominated: 
(i) 
in Euros, 2 p.m. (London time); 
(ii) in GBP, 3 p.m. (London time); and 
(iii) in USD, 7 p.m. (London time); 
(b) in respect of payments to be made by the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of Daily Payment Amounts 
denominated: 
(i) 
in Euros, 12.30 p.m. (London time); 
(ii) in GBP,1.30 p.m. (London time); and 
(iii) in USD, 3.30 p.m. (London time), 
or such other times as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty from time to time. 
 
“ZAR” 
means the lawful currency of the Republic of South Africa. 
 
Whilst certain agreements were entered into before the Prospectus Regulation came into force, Article 
46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the Prospectus Directive should be 
construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation therefore any references to the Prospectus Directive 
in this Prospectus are to be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such legislation 
as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United 
Kingdom, the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other applicable UK 
legislation in relation to the “on-shoring” of retained EU law.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
6DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
 
Directors of the Issuer 
Christopher Foulds 
Steven Ross 
Peter M. Ziemba 
Stuart Bell 
 
All the Directors are non-executive 
 
 
Secretary of the Issuer 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Ltd 
 
 
Registered Office of the 
Issuer and address of 
directors and secretary 
of the issuer 
The address of all the Directors and Secretary of 
the Issuer is the registered office of the Issuer, 
which is: 
 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Tel: +44 1534 825200 
https:/www.wisdomtree.eu/ 
 
 
Management and  
administration service 
 provider 
WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited 
(formerly ETFS Management Company (Jersey) 
Limited) Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road  
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW  
Channel Islands 
 
 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishpsgate  
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
 
 
English Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Reed Smith LLP 
The Broadgate Tower 
20 Primrose Street 
London EC2A 2RS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
Mourant Ozannes (Jersey) LLP 
22 Grenville Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PX 
Channel Islands 
 
 
Belgian Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Janson Baugniet 
Chassée de la Hulpe 187 
Terhulpsesteenweg 187 
B-1170 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
Dutch legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
Stibbe N.V. 
Beetovenplein 10 
1077 WM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
A9.6.1 
A14.1.1 
A9.4.5 
A9.6.1 
A9.1.1 
A9.6.1 
 
A14.7.1 
 
A14.7.1

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
German Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Dechert LLP 
Erika-Mann Straβe, 5 
80636 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
German Listing and 
Paying Agent 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
Königsallee 21/23 
40212 Dusseldorf 
Germany 
 
 
French Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Reed Smith LLP 
112 Avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
Italian Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
CBA Studio Legale e Tributario 
Galleria San Carlo 6 
20122 Milano 
Italy 
 
 
Danish Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
DLA Piper Denmark Law Firm P/S 
Raadhuspladsen 4 
DK-1550 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
 
Spanish Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Cuatrecases, Gonçalves Pereira 
C/Almagro, 9-28010 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
Swedish Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Harvest Advokatbyrå AB 
Haamngatan 15 
Box 7225 
103 89 Stockholm 
 
 
Austrian Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
DORDA Rechtsanwälte GmhH 
Universitätsring 10 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Finnish Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Dittmar & Indrenius 
Pohjoisesplanadi 25A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
Irish Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
A&L Goodbody 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
Norwegian Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
Wiersholm 
Dokkveien 1 
6th Floor 
0250 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
English Legal Advisers 
to the Trustee 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
1 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers to 
the Trustee 
Ogier  
Ogier House 
The Esplanade  
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
 
 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Liberation House 
Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1EY 
Channel Islands 
 
Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 
Wales 
 
 
Registrar 
Computersare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Sreet 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Channel Islands 
 
 
A9.2.1 
A14.4.3(b)C

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
7PART 1 
GENERAL 
Introduction 
The Issuer is making available for issue 221 classes of Collateralised Currency Securities which are 
designed to provide investors with an exposure to foreign exchange rate movements without the need 
to open foreign currency bank accounts or to trade in the foreign exchange markets. Investors can buy 
and sell Collateralised Currency Securities through trading on the London Stock Exchange (or on the 
other stock exchanges on which they are admitted to trading as set out in Part 14 (Additional Information) 
and the applicable Final Terms). 
Collateralised Currency Securities are intended to provide investors with the following: 
• 
exposure to total return indices which comprise: 
o 
exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates;  
o 
and in some cases, exposure to local interest rates; 
• 
obligations of the Issuer that are collateralised by, among other things, currency swaps and Eligible 
Collateral held in a Custody Account with the Custodian; 
• 
long, short, leveraged long or leveraged short exposure to Developed Market Currency pairs; 
• 
long or short exposure to Emerging Market Currency pairs which may otherwise be difficult to 
achieve due to restrictions on trading certain currencies; 
by purchasing securities admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange without the need to trade in 
currency derivatives or open bank accounts in different currencies (which may in turn be subject to varying 
degrees of credit risk). 
The Collateralised Currency Securities provide exposure to the relevant underlying foreign exchange 
movements by tracking the performance of certain Currency Indices which are published by MS&CO and 
calculated in accordance with the methodology applicable to that class as set out in the Manual. 
The Currency Indices consist of 221 tradable total return indices relating to: 
1. 
(a) 
nine Developed Market Currencies valued relative to the USD; 
(b) 
nine Developed Market Currencies valued relative to the Euro; 
(c) 
nine Developed Market Currencies valued relative to GBP; 
((a), (b) and (c) are referred to in the Prospectus as the Developed Market Currency Pairs 
Indices); and 
2. 
nine Emerging Market Currencies valued relative to the US Dollar (the Emerging Market 
Currency Pairs Indices and together with the Developed Market Currency Pair Indices, the 
Currency Pair Indices) 
For each of the Developed Market Currency Pairs, and Emerging Market Currency Pairs there is both a 
Long Currency Index and a Short Currency Index which provide a long (1x) or short (-1x) exposure to the 
relevant underlying. For the Developed Market Currency pairs, there are also Currency Indices which reflect 
a leveraged exposure to the relevant underlying of two times (2x), in the case of the Double Long Currency 
Indices, three times (3x), in the case of the Triple Long Currency Indices, five times (5x), in the case of the 
5 Times Long Currency Indices, minus two times (-2x), in the case of the Double Short Currency Indices, 
minus three times (-3x), in the case of the Triple Short Currency Indices or minus five times (-5x), in the 
case of the 5 Times Short Currency Indices. Further information in relation to the Currency Indices and 
the underlying exposure they provide can be found in Part 3 (Description of Currency Indices). 
To ensure that each class of Collateralised Currency Securities tracks the relevant Currency Index the 
Issuer has entered into unfunded swaps (Currency Transactions) against the Currency Indices with a 
Currency Transaction Counterparty. The payments under each Currency Transaction is calculated on 
each Pricing Day and is linked to the performance of the relevant Currency Index and payments on the 
Currency Transaction are settled between the Issuer and a Currency Transaction Counterparty by 
payment of the Daily Payment Amount which is also calculated on each Pricing Day. Further information 
A14.4.1(a)B 
A9.5.1 
A17.2.2.2A 
A17.2.1.1 
A17.2.22A 
A17.2.2.2(b)A 
A17.2.2(a)C

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
on the Currency Transactions and the Daily Payment Amount can be found in Part 5 (Description of 
Currency Transactions). 
As at the date of this Prospectus MSIP is the only Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
In order to ensure that a Security Holder’s exposure to the Issuer is collateralised by a diverse basket of 
securities rather than cash held by the Issuer at a bank, the Issuer and MSIP have agreed to enter into 
daily repurchase transactions (each a Repo) requiring the Issuer to use an amount equal to substantially all 
monies held by it attributable to the Collateralised Currency Securities (being monies received from an 
Authorised Participant on creation of the Collateralised Currency Securities and monies paid in respect of 
the Daily Payment Amount) to purchase Eligible Collateral from MSIP with a Value at least equal to the 
purchase price. Eligible Collateral purchased under the Repo will be held in one or more Custody 
Accounts at the Custodian which as at the date of this Prospectus is BONY. Further details relating to the 
Repo and the Eligible Collateral is set out in Part 6 (Description of Daily Repurchase Transactions and 
Collateral Administration). 
The Currency Transactions, the Repos and the other assets have characteristics that demonstrate 
capacity to produce funds to service any amounts payable by the Issuer on the Redemption of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Collateralised Currency Securities confer no right to receive Currencies. Rather, they are purely financial 
instruments which entitle Security Holders to a payment in the Relevant Currency on redemption. 
Pricing and Trading of Collateralised Currency Securities 
Pricing 
The Price of each class of Collateralised Currency Securities will be calculated by reference to a formula on 
each Pricing Day. The Price reflects any change in the level of the relevant Currency Index and will also 
include a Daily Adjustment which deducts the (i) Management Fee payable to ManJer pursuant to the 
Services Agreement; and (ii) the Daily Spread in respect of the Currency Transactions of that class. The 
pricing formula is set out under the heading Pricing of Collateralised Currency Securities in Part 4 
(Description of Collateralised Currency Securities) and worked examples are provided in Part 2 (How 
does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment). 
The Price for each class of Collateralised Currency Security will be calculated by or on behalf of the Issuer 
as at the end of each Pricing Day and will be posted on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. 
Listing and Trading 
All Collateralised Currency Securities are fully transferable. 
The Issuer will apply to Euronext Dublin for all Collateralised Currency Securities in issue or to be issued 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and 
trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and 
investors should be aware that there is no trading facility for the Collateralised Currency Securities there. 
The Issuer has applied to the FCA for all Collateralised Currency Securities issued within 12 months of 
the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for 
all such Collateralised Currency Securities to be admitted to trading on its Main Market.  However, an 
active secondary market on the Main Market may not develop in respect of all classes of Collateralised 
Currency Securities. 
Investors should be aware that such admission to the UK Official List and trading on the Main Market are 
not offers made under the Propsectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and  
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on the London Stock Exchange is currently two 
business days (T+2). 
Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, free of charge, on the website of the 
London Stock Exchange, http://www.londonstockexchange.com.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Certain classes of Collateralised Currency Securities are also listed and/or traded on certain other 
markets – see General in Part 14 (Additional Information). 
Currency Indices 
As described above, all Collateralised Currency Securities are priced off Currency Indices – the MSFXSM 
Indices – which are calculated and published by MS&CO. These Currency Indices are total return indices 
that aim to replicate a fully collateralised investment in a Currency priced against either the US Dollar, 
the Euro or GBP. Further information in relation to the Currency Indices is set out in Part 3 (Description 
of Currency Indices). 
Currency Transactions 
To gain exposure to the movements in the Currency Indices, Currency Transactions are entered into with 
a Currency Transaction Counterparty on an unfunded basis. Each class of Currency Transaction will be 
referenced to the same Currency Index as the equivalent class of Collateralised Currency Securities and 
a Daily Payment Amount will be calculated (in the Relevant Currency) in respect of each Pricing Day 
depending on the change in the level of the relevant Currency Index since the preceding Pricing Day. If 
the level of the relevant Currency Index: 
• 
increases since the preceding Pricing Day, the Currency Transaction Counterparty will incur an 
obligation to pay a Daily Payment Amount to the Issuer; and 
• 
decreases since the preceding Pricing Day, the Issuer will incur an obligation to pay a Daily 
Payment Amount to the Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
For each class of Currency Transaction, a Daily Payment Amount will normally be payable on each Repo 
Day that a Currency Transaction is outstanding. Where Daily Payment Amounts in respect of Currency 
Transactions of different classes with the same Currency Transaction Counterparty in the same Relevant 
Currency are payable on the same day the amounts will be netted so that a single amount in US Dollars, a 
single amount in Euros and a single amount in GBP will in each case be due by either the Currency 
Transaction Counterparty or the Issuer on such day. 
Additional information about Currency Transactions is set out in Part 5 (Description of Currency 
Transactions). 
Daily Repurchase Transactions 
The MSIP Facility Agreement provides that a USD Repo, a Euro Repo and a GBP Repo will automatically 
be entered into between the Issuer and MSIP on each Repo Day which is not a Collateral Administrator 
Suspension Day. 
The terms of each Repo require that: 
• 
on the Repo Day (i) the Issuer purchases from MSIP Eligible Collateral for a purchase price equal 
to the Relevant Repo Amount and (ii) MSIP transfers to the Issuer such Eligible Collateral with a 
Value on such Repo Day at least equivalent to the Relevant Repo Amount; and 
• 
on the next following Repo Day (i) MSIP repurchases from the Issuer equivalent Eligible Collateral 
for a repurchase price equal to the purchase price, and (ii) the Issuer transfers to MSIP such 
equivalent Eligible Collateral. 
Eligible Collateral must satisfy the eligibility criteria set out in the Eligible Collateral Agreement. 
Further information about the Repos and the Eligible Collateral is set out in Part 6 (Description of Daily 
Repurchase Transactions and Collateral Administration). 
Currency Transaction Counterparties 
In order to become a Currency Transaction Counterparty an entity must have entered into a Facility 
Agreement with the Issuer. At the date of this Prospectus the Issuer has entered into a Facility Agreement 
only with MSIP (the MSIP Facility Agreement). MSIP has agreed in the MSIP Facility Agreement, subject 
as provided therein, to enter into Currency Transactions governed by an ISDA Master Agreement and 
Repos governed by a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (the MSIP Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement). 
A19.3.4.1(a)A

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Further information about MSIP is set out in Part 12 (Description of Currency Transaction Counterparties). 
The Issuer may appoint additional Currency Transaction Counterparties in the future. Should the Issuer 
appoint an additional Currency Transaction Counterparty a new base prospectus will be issued. 
The Funding Rate and Default Rate (as used in the Conditions and the Facility Agreements) refer to a 
rate of interest calculated by reference to LIBOR.  ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”) announced in 
March 2021 that it intends to cease providing LIBOR settings for all currencies. FCA has, however, issued 
a statement in September 2021 indicating that it has decided to use its new powers under the Financial 
Services Act 2021 compel ICE Benchmark Administrion (the administrator of LIBOR) at least for the 
duration of 2022 to publish various LIBOR settings under a changed “synthetic” methodology for use in 
legacy contracts.  The FCA’s statement indicates that: “the synthetic rate has been chosen by the FCA 
to provide a reasonable and fair approximation of what panel bank LIBOR might have been in the future. 
The synthetic rates will no longer, however, be 'representative' as defined in the Benchmarks Regulation 
(BMR)”.   The Issuer is in discussions with the Currency TransactionContract Counterparty and the 
Trustee with a view to amending the definitions of Funding Rate and Default Rate in the Conditions and 
the Facility Agreements to make alternative provision.  The Issuer will announce the terms of any such 
amendments made to the Facility Agreements through an RIS in due course. 
Additional Redemption Fee for CNY Securities 
An Additional Redemption Fee is payable on redemption of the CNY Securities. This Additional 
Redemption Fee is an amount equal to the additional closing fee (the MSIP Additional Closing Fee) that 
is payable by the Issuer to MSIP where MSIP closes the Currency Transactions that relate to the CNY 
Securities being redeemed (CNY Transaction). 
The Additional Redemption Fee is an amount calculated as the average of all applicable MSIP Additional 
Closing Fees incurred by the Issuer on the Pricing Date applicable to the relevant redemption of CNY. 
Other Currency Transaction Counterparties may decide to charge an Additional Closing Fee in respect 
of CNY Transactions. Such Additional Closing Fees may be calculated on a different basis to the MSIP 
Additional Closing Fee. Further information on the Additional Redemption Fee is set out under the 
heading Additional Redemption Fee in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities)). Further 
details on the Additional Closing Fee are set out under the heading Additional Closing Fee in Part 5 
(Description of Currency Transactions)). 
Accounts and Collateral Administration 
As required by the Conditions, the Issuer has established and maintains Custody Accounts in respect of 
its dealings with each Currency Transaction Counterparty and may establish a Cash Account in the 
Relevant Currency in respect of its dealings with such person. 
The Issuer has in respect of its dealing with MSIP entered into a custody agreement (the Custody 
Agreement) and a collateral administration master agreement (the Collateral Administration 
Agreement) with BONY, acting as both Custodian and Collateral Administrator. Pursuant to these 
agreements the Issuer has, subject to the terms of those agreements, established the BONY Custody 
Account and the Collateral Receiver Account (together, the BONY Accounts), authorised BONY to 
transfer (provided BONY receives matching instructions from MSIP) Relevant Repo Amounts and Eligible 
Collateral from the Collateral Receiver Account to the Counterparty Account (as relevant) to satisfy the 
Issuer’s obligations under the MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement and appointed BONY to 
determine whether any securities transferred from the Counterparty Account to the Collateral Receiver 
Account constitute Eligible Collateral. 
The Issuer has granted a ‘lien’ (which is a form of security) to BONY in respect of each such BONY 
Account to secure its obligations to BONY under the Custody Agreement and the Collateral Administration 
Agreement. 
MSIP as Currency Transaction Counterparty has also entered into corresponding collateral management 
arrangements with the Collateral Administrator and has established a corresponding custody account 
(the Counterparty Account). 
Further information about collateral management is set out in Part 6 (Description of Daily Repurchase 
Transactions and Collateral Administration). 
A19.3.4.2

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds 
Collateralised Currency Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of the Trust 
Instrument, the Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each class of Collateralised Currency 
Security. The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Collateralised Currency Security and 
certain prior-ranking obligations of the Issuer to MSIP are secured under a Security Deed, pursuant to 
which the Issuer has: 
• 
assigned by way of security its interests under the Relevant Facility Agreement, Relevant ISDA 
Master Agreement (after the exercise of and subject to the close out netting and set off rights), 
Relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement (after the exercise of and subject to the close out 
netting and set off rights), Collateral Administration Agreement, Custody Agreement and each 
Relevant Authorised Participant Agreement (together, the Assigned Agreements); and 
• 
charged to the Security Trustee its interest in (i) the Assigned Agreements (after the exercise of 
and subject to the netting and set-off rights therein) and (ii) any Relevant Issuer Account and all of 
its rights, title and interest in any securities held in or cash balances standing to the credit of such 
Relevant Issuer Account (the “Collateral”). 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears 
below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following is a summary of the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Collateralised Currency 
Securities as represented by the above diagram: 
Most Security Holders will buy or sell their Collateralised Currency Securities for cash on the London 
Stock Exchange, Borsa Italiana, Euronext Amsterdam and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (being the 
stock exchanges on which the securities are admitted to trading) rather than directly from the Issuer. 
Details of the exchanges on which a particular class of security can be traded are set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. Market makers provide liquidity on those stock exchanges. To aid this process the Issuer 
has entered into agreements (known as Authorised Participant Agreements) with certain financial 
Agreements   __________ 
Funds Flows  
ManJer 
Trustee and Security Trustee 
Authorised Participants 
BONY 
(Collateral Administrator) 
 
Security Holders 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co 
International plc 
 
Issuer 
 
Counterparty Account 
 
Issuer Account 
Trust Instrument 
Security Deed 
Services 
Agreement 
ISDA Master Currency 
Transactions 
Daily payment amount 
Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement 
Payment of USD Repo 
Amount, EUR Repo 
Amounts and GBP 
Repo Amounts 
Transfer 
of Eligible 
Collateral 
Collateral Currency 
Securities 
Authorised 
Participant 
Agreements 
Creation and 
redemption 
payments 
Market-making 
Repo settlement 
A19.3.1 
A19.3.1 
 
A14.6.1(a)B

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
institutions – Authorised Participants – whereby it has agreed to issue and redeem Collateralised 
Currency Securities to those Authorised Participants on an on-going basis. Further details about the 
Authorised Participant Agreements are set out under the heading “Authorised Participant Agreements” in 
Part 8 (Summary of Transaction Documents). 
The creation of Collateralised Currency Securities will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in 
CREST, whereby an Authorised Participant will deliver an amount of cash in the appropriate currency to 
the Issuer equal to the Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities to be issued in exchange for which 
the Issuer will issue the Collateralised Currency Securities and deliver them to the Authorised Participant 
via CREST. Further details about the settlement of Collateralised Currency Securities can be found under 
the heading “Settlement” in Part 9 (The Programme). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Collateralised Currency Securities on one of the stock 
exchanges set out above and further explained in Part 14 (Additional Information) on which that particular 
class of Collateralised Currency Security is admitted to trading, sell the Collateralised Currency Securities in 
off-exchange transactions (known as “OTC or “over-the-counter transactions) or keep the Collateralised 
Currency Securities to hold themselves. The creation process is described in more details under the 
heading “Applications and Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
Each time Collateralised Currency Securities are issued the Issuer will create corresponding Currency 
Transactions with the Currency Transaction Counterparties. 
Cash received by the Issuer in connection with the creation of Collateralised Currency Securities is used by 
the Issuer to purchase collateral (in the form of securities) for its obligations to Security Holders which will 
be held in accounts in the Issuer’s name at the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral held in the Issuer’s 
name is designed to limit a Security Holder’s exposure to the Issuer who would otherwise only be holding 
cash. 
Collateral is obtained through daily transactions (known as Daily Repurchase Transactions) with the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty. Each Daily Repurchase Transaction is an agreement between the 
Issuer and the Currency Transaction Counterparty for: 
(i) 
delivery of certain cash held by the Issuer to the Currency Transaction Counterparty; 
(ii) 
deposit of collateral into an account in the name of the Issuer at BONY by the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty; and 
(iii) 
the following day sale by the Issuer of the Collateral back to the Currency Transaction Counterparty 
in return for cash in the amount initially delivered to the Currency Transaction Counterparty under 
(i). 
The amount of cash that the Issuer has available to deliver to the Currency Transaction Counterparty 
under each Daily Repurchase Transaction is the total of: 
(i) 
the cash it has received back from the Currency Transaction Counterparty from the sale of assets 
under the previous Daily Repurchase Transaction; plus or minus 
(ii) 
cash received from or paid to the Currency Transaction Counterparty as payments under the 
Currency Transactions; plus 
(iii) 
any cash received in respect of creations of Collateralised Currency Securities; less 
(iv) 
the fees payable to ManJer for that day; and less 
(v) 
any cash required to be held back by the Issuer to pay out on redemptions of Collateralised 
Currency Securities. 
The cash retained by the Issuer representing the fees is paid out to ManJer. Cash retained by the Issuer to 
pay out on redemptions of Collateralised Currency Securities is transferred back to the Authorised 
Participants on a delivery versus payment basis in CREST in return for the Collateralised Currency 
Securities which are to be redeemed. 
Further details on the Daily Repayment Transactions and the Collateral are set out in Part 6 (Description 
of Daily Repurchase Transactions and Collateral Administration) and further details on redemptions are 
set out under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised 
Currency Securities). 
This flow of funds can be demonstrated using the following simple example:

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
A class of Collateralised Currency Securities is issued for the first time to an Authorised Participant on a 
particular day.  As a result the following steps will be taken: 
1. 
The Issuer creates corresponding Currency Transactions with the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty in respect of the Collateralised Currency Securities issued; 
2. 
In return for those Collateralised Currency Securities the Authorised Participant delivers $100,000 in 
cash to the Issuer; 
3. 
The Issuer enters into a Daily Repurchase Transaction with the Currency Transaction Counterparty in 
respect of that $100,000 and delivers the $100,000 to the Currency Transaction Counterparty; 
4. 
The Currency Transaction Counterparty delivers Collateral worth $100,000 to the Issuer’s account 
at the Collateral Administrator. 
The Repo Day (i) fees of $1 have accrued in respect of the Collateralised Currency Securities; (ii) the 
amount due to the Currency Transaction Counterparty as payment under the Currency Transactions 
calculated in accordance with the pricing formula set out in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency 
Securities) and explained in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment) is 
$200; and (iii) no creation or redemption requests are due for settlement. As a result the following steps 
will be taken: 
1. 
The Issuer sells the Collateral back to the Currency Transaction Counterparty in return for cash 
equalling $100,000; 
2. 
The Issuer transfers $200 to the Currency Transaction Counterparty as payment under the 
Currency Transactions; and 
3. 
The Issuer then delivers $99,799 (the cash received from the Currency Transaction Counterparty 
less the $1 of fees to be to ManJer) back to the Currency Transaction Counterparty in return for 
Collateral of the same value deposited in the Issuer’s account at the Collateral Administrator. 
The next following day (i) the Authorised Participant requests redemption of $50,000 worth of their 
Collateralised Currency Securities; (ii) fees of $1 have accrued in respect of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities; (iii) the amount due from the Currency Transaction Counterparty under the Currency 
Transactions calculated in accordance with the pricing formula set out in Part 4 (Description of 
Collateralised Currency Securities) and explained in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the 
value of their investment) is $500; (iv) no new creation requests have been received. As a result the 
following steps will be taken: 
1 
The Issuer sells the Collateral back to the Currency Transaction Counterparty in return for cash 
equalling $99,799 (the cash transferred by the Issuer to the Currency Transaction Counterparty 
the previous day); 
2 
The Currency Transaction Counterparty delivers $500 to the Issuer as payment under the Currency 
Transactions; 
3 
The Issuer delivers $50,298 (the total amount received from the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty less the money required to pay the fees and to deliver to the Authorised Participant 
for the Collateralised Currency Securities to be redeemed) back to the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty in return for Collateral deposited in the Issuer’s account at the Collateral Administrator 
of the same value. 
4 
The Issuer delivers $50,000 to the Authorised Participant in exchange for the Collateralised 
Currency Securities to be redeemed. 
In practice the Issuer and the Currency Transaction Counterparty, rather than deliver all the cash and all 
the collateral between each other on a daily basis, may (i) make cash payments between each other only 
in respect of the difference between the cash payments due to be made to each other for that day; and 
(ii) adjust the level of Collateral in the Issuer’s account at the Collateral Administrator to reflect the 
difference between the amount each party would be required to pay to each other that day under the 
Daily Repurchase Transactions (by deposit of additional Collateral into or removal of Collateral from the 
Issuer’s account at the Collateral Administrator by the Currency Transaction Counterparty). 
Applications and Redemptions

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Authorised Participants can require the Issuer to issue or redeem Collateralised Currency Securities at 
any time, subject to conditions (including not exceeding the Creation Limits and Redemption Limits). The 
issue and redemption mechanism is intended to ensure that Collateralised Currency Securities have 
sufficient liquidity and that the price at which they trade on the London Stock Exchange can track the 
Price at which they can be issued and redeemed. Only an Authorised Participant may apply for or (unless 
there are at any given time no Authorised Participants or as otherwise announced by the Issuer) require 
the Issuer to redeem Collateralised Currency Securities. All other persons must buy and sell 
Collateralised Currency Securities through trading on the London Stock Exchange or other relevant 
exchanges on which the Collateralised Currency Securities are admitted to trading. 
The Issuer has agreed to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that there are at least two Authorised 
Participants. 
Collateralised Currency Securities can only be issued or redeemed if the corresponding Currency 
Transactions can be created or closed. There are limits on the creation and closing of Currency 
Transactions, which means that there are corresponding limits on the issue and redemption of 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Further details in relation to Applications and Redemptions and Creation Limits and Redemption Limits 
are set out under the headings Applications and Redemptions and Creation Limits and Redemption Limits 
in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the payment obligations of the Issuer to, 
inter alia, (i) Currency Transaction Counterparties and (ii) Security Holders upon redemption of 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The programme has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” programme with separate pools 
of assets attributable to each class of Collateralised Currency Security so that the Issuer can issue 
separate classes of securities, based on different Currency Indices or having some other different 
characteristics. 
The Collateralised Currency Securities are constituted by a Trust Instrument entered into between the 
Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation plc as Trustee for the Security Holders of each class. 
The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer, MSIP, The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as Trustee and as the Security 
Trustee and ETFSL have entered into a Security Deed. The rights and entitlements held by the Security 
Trustee under the Security Deed are held by the Security Trustee on trust for itself (as Security Trustee 
and as Trustee), MSIP, and then for the Security Holders (in the order as described under the heading 
“Priority Waterfall” in Part 7 (Description of the Security). To the extent new Currency Transaction 
Counterparties are appointed, the Issuer will enter into new Security Deeds in respect of such Currency 
Transaction Counterparties. 
Under each Security Deed the Issuer will grant to the Security Trustee security over the assets of the 
Issuer which relate to such Currency Transaction Counterparty including its rights to securities and cash 
held in each Custody Account applicable to that Currency Transaction Counterparty and rights under the 
Relevant Facility Agreement, the Relevant ISDA Master Agreement (after the exercise of and subject to 
the close out netting and set off rights), Custody Agreement, Collateral Administration Agreement, each 
Relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and, if applicable, the Relevant Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (after the exercise of and subject to the close out netting and set off rights). 
The property secured by each Security Deed is called a “Counterparty Collateral Pool”. The Security 
Holders of each class of Collateralised Currency Securities will have recourse to each Counterparty 
Collateral Pool that relates to a Currency Transaction Counterparty that has entered into a Corresponding 
Currency Transaction in respect of that class of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
In the event that the Security Trustee is required to enforce the security over a Counterparty Collateral 
Pool, it shall apply any monies received by it as a result of such realisation in accordance with the Priority 
Waterfall where Security Holders rank behind inter alia the Security Trustee, the Trustee and MSIP. 
Further details of the Security Deed are set out in Part 7 (Description of Security). Further details of the 
Trust Instrument are set out in Part 11 (Terms and Conditions of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
The Issuer and ManJer 
A19.3.4.7 
A19.2.1

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
The Issuer is a public company incorporated in Jersey on 1 July 2009. The shares in the Issuer are all 
held by HoldCo, a holding company incorporated in Jersey to act as the holding company of the Issuer 
and which is itself ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. The Issuer is neither directly 
nor indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Programme. The Issuer is dependent upon 
ManJer to provide management and administration services to it, as further described below. The Issuer 
has not been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Collateralised Currency Securities 
will be assigned credit ratings. 
ManJer intends to promote and to provide management and other services to both the Issuer and 
currently also provides such services to WisdomTree Commodity Securities, WisdomTree Hedged 
Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal 
Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at 245 
Park Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is the 
ultimate holding company of a group of companies which include the Issuer, ManJer and HoldCo 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. through its subsidiaries operates as an exchange traded product sponsor 
and asset manager. It also licences its indices to third parties. 
Administration and Registrar Services 
ManJer will, pursuant to the Services Agreement, supply all management and administration services for 
the Issuer and will pay all the management and administration costs of the Issuer. 
ManJer may engage third parties to provide some or all of these services. 
The Services Agreement may be terminated by ManJer at any time on three months’ notice or earlier in 
the event of certain breaches or the insolvency of either party. 
ManJer is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was incorporated 
on 16 November 2010 its registered office is Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PW, 
Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
The Issuer has entered into a corporate administration agreement with R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited (R&H) whereby R&H will perform certain administration duties for the Issuer and Computershare 
Investor Services (Jersey) Limited has been appointed to provide services as Registrar and receiving 
agent, and will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
Further, certain directors of the Issuer and ManJer have been involved in establishing and operating 
exchange traded products and exchange traded fund companies and related service companies, in 
particular, WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited (formerly Boost Management Limited) and 
WisdomTree Issuer plc. 
Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer 
The Directors and the secretary of the Issuer at the date of this Prospectus are: 
Stuart Bell 
Stuart M. Bell is a director of Manjer and HoldCo. Mr Bell is also a non-executive director of the Issuer 
and of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion 
Securities Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Mr Bell has served as Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operating Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange traded fund and exchange 
traded product sponsor and asset manager from January 2018 to June 2019. Since January 2018, Mr 
Bell held a number positions at WisdomTree, including Director of International Business and Director of 
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Mr. Bell presently serves on the boards of a number 
of WisdomTree’s wholly-owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Bell was an account 
executive at Sloane & Company from June 2006 to July 2007. Mr Bell received his B.A. in History with 
university honors from Trinity College, Hartford, CT. 
Christopher Foulds – Non-Executive Director 
Mr Foulds is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive director of the Issuer 
and of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited and Gold Bullion 
A19.3.2 
A19.3.7 
A9.6.1 
A9.7.1

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Securities Limited. Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with an honours degree in 
Mathematics with Financial Management, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (FCA) with 
Deloitte LLP in Jersey, where he was responsible for assisting and managing a number of assurance and 
business advisory engagements focusing on offshore financial services clients. Following his departure 
from Deloitte LLP, Mr Foulds was a director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, providing start-up 
management and support services to the funds sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held various roles with 
ETFS Capital Limited, being primarily responsible for Financial Reporting as well as historically appointed 
as the Compliance Officer of the Issuer and WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited. He has also 
previously been a non-executive director of the Issuer. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited in March 2020, Mr Foulds was the Head of Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares 
(Jersey) Limited, a business providing digital asset investment products. 
Steven Ross 
Mr Ross is a director of HoldCo. Mr Ross is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and of WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal 
Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited and Gold Bullion Securities Limited. Mr 
Ross graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours degree in Accountancy before embarking 
on a career with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 2001 to 2006. Whilst with 
PricewaterhouseCoopers he qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales and was responsible for assisting and managing a number of 
assurance and business advisory engagements for high profile offshore financial services and 
commercial clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited he held the position of Head of 
Operations for Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an offshore fund administration business 
and was responsible for the provision of fund administration services to a portfolio of listed and private 
investment funds. In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and became a partner of 
Rawlinson & Hunter Jersey in January 2017. 
Peter M. Ziemba 
Peter M. Ziemba is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the 
Issuer and of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold 
Bullion Securities Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Ziemba has served 
as Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an 
exchange-traded fund and exchange- traded product sponsor and asset manager. Prior to this role he 
served as Executive Vice President — Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 to December 2017, 
and Chief Legal Officer from March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to March 2011, Mr Ziemba 
served as General Counsel to WisdomTree Investments, Inc.. Mr Ziemba presently serves on the boards 
of a number of WisdomTree’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Ziemba was a 
partner in the Corporate and Securities department of Graubard Miller, which served as primary corporate 
counsel for WisdomTree Investments, Inc., from 1991 to 2007, and was employed at that firm beginning 
in 1982. Mr Ziemba received his B.A. in History with university honors from Binghamton University and 
his J.D., cum laude, from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited – Administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is a company incorporated in Jersey on 29 November 1988 with 
limited liability whose issued and paid up share capital is £1,625,000. It is not involved in any other 
business activities other than that of acting as manager and administrator of collective investment 
schemes and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rawlinson & Hunter, Jersey. The directors of R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited are: 
Louise Follain  
Jennifer Mary Geddes  
Steven George Ross 
John-Paul Joseph Meagher 
Directors and Secretary of ManJer 
The Directors of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus are Stuart Bell, Peter Ziemba, Christopher Foulds, 
Steven Ross and Hilary Jones. The secretary of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus is R&H Fund

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Services (Jersey) Ltd. The biographies of Mr Bell, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are set out under the heading 
“Directors and Secretary of the Issuer” above. The biography of Ms Jones is as follows: 
 
Hilary Jones 
Ms Jones is a director of ManJer. Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native Northern Ireland 
for 15 years before moving to Jersey in 1993. She was a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
from 2009 to 2019 and since December 2019 she has been working at JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) 
Limited. Between 1993 and 1999 Ms Jones worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the 
Securities team and at Barclays Private Bank and Trust Company as a relationship manager. Ms Jones 
is a Fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and has over 40 years’ 
experience in the finance sector and has extensive experience of real estate, private equity and special 
purpose vehicles for corporate clients. Ms Jones has acted as director for a number of companies with a 
private equity or real estate focus. Ms Jones has also served on the legal and technical sub-committee 
of the Jersey Funds Association.  
 
Mr Bell, Mr Foulds, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are also directors of ManJer, a provider of services to the 
Issuer, and Mr Bell, Mr Ross, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba are also directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder 
of the Issuer. Mr Ross is also a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, the administrator of the 
Issuer and the secretary of the Issuer and ManJer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of 
interest, the Directors do not believe there are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties which the directors and/or members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of 
the Issuer owe to the Issuer, and the private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
The directors of the Issuer also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded commodities also 
owned by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including WisdomTree Multi Asset 
Management Limited (formerly Boost Management Limited) (a company that provides services to 
WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (formerly Boost Issuer plc) (an exchange traded product issuer)) and 
WisdomTree Issuer plc, an issuer of exchange traded funds via segregated liability sub-funds. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the 
Programme. 
Further Information 
Information regarding United Kingdom, Ireland and Jersey taxation in respect of the Programme and 
Collateralised Currency Securities is set out in Part 13 (Taxation) below. If an investor is in any doubt 
about the tax position, it should consult a professional adviser. 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information relating to 
the Programme and Collateralised Currency Securities. 
 
 
A14.3.1

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
8PART 2 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF THEIR INVESTMENT? 
Pricing of Collateralised Currency Securities 
The Price of each class of Collateralised Currency Security is calculated on a daily basis to reflect the 
change in the value of the relevant Currency Index since the Price was last calculated and a reduction for 
the fees applicable for that class on that day (by operation of what is known as the Daily Adjustment). A 
description of the formula used to price the Collateralised Currency Securities is set out under “Calculation 
of Price” below and a worked example is set out under “Worked Examples of the Calculation of the Price” 
below. The formula and method of calculating the price is the same for all classes of Collateralised 
Currency Security regardless of the level of any leverage contained in the relevant Currency Index. 
For example, the method for calculating the Price and therefore the value of the WisdomTree Long 
USD Short EUR is the same as that for calculating the Price and value of the WisdomTree Long USD 
Short EUR 3x Daily and the WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily with each calculation 
referencing the relevant underlying Currency Index. 
Each Collateralised Currency Security carries a right upon Redemption to receipt of the higher of the 
Principal Amount of that Collateralised Currency Security and the Price. In normal circumstances, only 
Authorised Participants are able to redeem their Collateralised Currency Security directly with the Issuer. The 
value of a Security Holder’s investment is equivalent to the amount in cash that they would receive upon a 
redemption – generally the applicable Price. The Principal Amounts of the Collateralised Currency Securities 
are set out in paragraph 3 (ISIN, LSE Codes and Principal Amounts of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities) of Part 14 (Additional Information). 
Calculation of the Price 
The Price of each Collateralised Currency Security on a particular day is based on the difference between the 
level of the relevant underlying index on that day (represented in the formula by I(I,t)) and the level of the 
relevant underlying index on the previous day (represented in the formula by I(i,t-1)) adjusted by the 
applicable fees (represented in the formula as DA(i,t)) and so is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (the “formula”) (the different components of the formula are further explained below): 
 
𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)  = 𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1) × ቆ𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
−𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ቇ 
where: 
P(i,t) 
is the Price of the Collateralised Currency Security of the relevant class on the day on which 
the Price is being calculated 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Collateralised Currency Security 
t 
refers to the day on which the Price is being calculated 
P(i,t-1) 
is the Price of the Collateralised Currency Security of the relevant class on the previous day 
on which the Price was calculated 
I(i,t) 
is the level of the Currency Index which the relevant class of Collateralised Currency Security 
tracks on the day on which the Price is being calculated 
I(i,t-1) 
is the level of the Currency Index which the relevant class of Collateralised Currency Security 
tracks on the previous day on which the Price was calculated 
DA(i,t) 
is the daily adjustment which applies to the relevant class of Collateralised Currency Securities 
on the day on which the Price is being calculated 
The index levels for a given day are published by MS&CO on their website at http://www.ms.com/msfx and 
the Price, and Daily Adjustment for each class of Collateralised Currency Security are published by the 
Issuer on its website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
A17.2.2.2

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
The formula and method of calculating the price is the same for all classes of Collateralised 
Currency Security regardless of the level of any leverage contained in the relevant Currency Index. 
Daily Adjustment 
The Daily Adjustment is included in the formula for the calculation of the Price to take account of the fees 
that are payable to ManJer under the Services Agreement (the Management Fee) and to MSIP under the 
Facility Agreement (the Daily Spread) and is calculated pursuant to the formula below. As the Management 
Fee is expressed as a percentage, the formula below translates this into a daily figure by dividing the annual 
rate by the number of days in the year (represented by D in the formula below). Fees are payable on the 
Collateralised Currency Securities on each day and not just on the days that the Price is calculated. For this 
reason on a day on which the Price is calculated, the fees that are applied are the total fees that have been 
incurred since the last day on which the Price was calculated (represented in the formula below by 
multiplying by N). 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 = ൬𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐷𝐷
+ 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ൰
× 𝑁𝑁𝑡𝑡 
Where: 
DA(i,t) 
is the daily adjustment which applies to the relevant class of Collateralised Currency Securities 
on the day on which the Price is being calculated 
MF(i,t) 
is the Management Fee (expressed as a percentage) which applies to Collateralised Currency 
Securities of the relevant class on the day on which the Price is being calculated 
DS(i,t) 
is the Daily Spread which applies to Collateralised Currency Securities of the relevant class 
on the day on which the Price is being calculated 
D 
is the number of days in the calendar year in which the Price is being calculated 
Nt 
is the number of calendar days since the Price of the relevant Collateralised Currency 
Securities was calculated 
Both the Daily Adjustment and the Daily Spread applicable to each class of Collateralised Currency 
Security on each day on which the Price of that class of Collateralised Currency Securities is calculated will 
be published on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
For a particular class of Collateralised Currency Securities (for example WisdomTree Short EUR Long 
USD), assuming that the Daily Spread for the day on which the Price was calculated was 0.0016 per cent., the 
Management Fee applicable to that class of Collateralised Currency Security is 0.39 per cent., there are 
365 days in the calendar year in which the Price is being calculated and it is 1 calendar days since the Price 
of that class of Collateralised Currency Security was calculated then the Daily Adjustment would be: 
 
DA(i,t) = (MF(i,t)/D + DS(i,t)) x Nt 
DA(i,t) = (0.39%/365 + 0.0016%) x 1 
DA(i,t) + 0.00267% x 1 
DA(i,t) = 0.00267% 
Worked Examples of the Calculation of the Price 
If on a particular day (t), the Daily Adjustment for the WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD securities was as 
calculated above, the Price of the WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD Collateralised Currency Securities 
on the previous day on which the Price was calculated was 50.00 the closing level of the relevant Currency 
Index on the day on which the Price is being calculated was 110 and the closing level of the relevant 
Currency Index on the previous day on which the Price was calculated was 100, then the Price of an 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD Collateralised Currency Security would be calculated using the pricing 
formula as follows:  
𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)  = 𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1)  × ቆ𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
−𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ቇ

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Where: 
P(i,t-1) = 50.00 
I(i,t) = 110 
I(i,t-1) = 100 
DA(i,t) = 0.00267% 
So: 
P(i,t) = 50 x (110/100 – 0.00267%) 
P(i,t) = 50 X (1.0999773) 
P(i,t) = 54.998867 
The Price of a WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD Collateralised Currency Security on day t is therefore 
$54.9988665. 
The above worked example applies equally to the all other classes of Collateralised Currency Security 
regardless of the Currency Index which they track as the formula and method of calculating the price is the 
same for all classes of Collateralised Currency Security regardless of the level of any leverage contained 
in the relevant Currency Index. 
How the Price of a Collateralised Currency is affected by the changes in the value of the underlying 
futures contracts 
The 3 hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in the 
Collateralised Currency Securities under normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of 
the actual future performance of the Collateralised Currency Securities and are for illustration purposes only. 
The following assumptions have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Collateralised Currency Securities for one day. 
• 
1 Collateralised Currency Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50.00. 
• 
The value of the underlying Currency Index when the Collateralised Currency Security is bought is 
100. 
• 
The Daily Adjustment is 0.00267 per cent. 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Collateralised Currency Securities during the 
investment period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Collateralised Currency Securities and the custody fees of the investor’s 
bank are excluded. 
Scenario 1: The value of the relevant Currency Index decreases 
• 
1 Collateralised Currency Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50. 
• 
The value of the Currency Index decreases by 10 per cent. to 90 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Collateralised Currency Security for the day of ownership is 
$0.0012 per Collateralised Currency Security. 
• 
The price of the Collateralised Currency Security will be calculated as follows:  
 
𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)  = 𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1)  × ቆ𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
−𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ቇ

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Where: 
I(i,t) = 90 
I(i,t-1) = 100 
DA(i,t) = 0.00267% 
P(i,t) = 50 x (90/100 – 0.00267) 
P(i,t) = 50 X (0.899973) 
P(i,t) = 44.998665 
• 
The investor sells the Collateralised Currency Security and has lost $5.00134 from his/her initial 
investment the previous day. 
Scenario 2: The value of the relevant Currency Index remains the same 
• 
1 Collateralised Currency Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50. 
• 
The value of the Currency Index stays the same the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Collateralised Currency Security for the day of ownership is 
$0.001335 per Collateralised Currency Security. 
• 
The price of the Collateralised Currency Security will be calculated as follows:  
𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)  = 𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1)  × ቆ𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
−𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ቇ 
Where: 
I(i,t) = 100 
I(i,t-1) = 100 
DA(i,t) = 0.00267% 
P(i,t) = 50 x (100/100 – 0.00267%) 
P(i,t) = 50 X (0.999973) 
P(i,t) = 49.998665 
• 
The investor sells the Collateralised Currency Security and has lost $0.00134 from his/her initial 
investment the previous day. 
Scenario 3: The value of the relevant Currency Index increases 
• 
1 Collateralised Currency Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50. 
• 
The value of the Currency Index increases by 10 per cent. to 110 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Collateralised Currency Security for the day of ownership is 
$0.001468 per Collateralised Currency Security. 
• 
The price of the Collateralised Currency Security will be calculated as follows:  
𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)  = 𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1)  × ቆ𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
−𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ቇ

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Where: 
I(i,t) = 110 
I(i,t-1) = 100 
DA(i,t) = 0.00267% 
P(i,t) = 50 x (110/100 – 0.00267%) 
P(i,t) = 50 X 10.099973) 
P(i,t) = 54.998665 
• 
The investor sells the Collateralised Currency Security and has gained $4.998665 from his/her initial 
investment the previous day. 
Interest 
The Collateralised Currency Securities do not bear interest.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
9PART 3 
DESCRIPTION OF CURRENCY INDICES 
Introduction 
Collateralised Currency Securities will be priced by reference to certain MSFXSM Indices calculated and 
published by MS&CO. These Currency Indices provide long, short and leveraged benchmarks for 
investments in respect of a wide range of Currencies, comprised of Developed Market Currencies, and 
Emerging Market Currencies. 
The Currency Indices are designed as tradable benchmarks for daily foreign exchange rate performance 
between Currencies or groups of Currencies. 
The Currency Indices consist of 198 tradable indices relating to: 
1. 
(a) 
nine Developed Market Currencies valued relative to the USD; 
(b) 
nine Developed Market Currencies valued relative to the Euro; 
(c) 
nine Developed Market Currencies valued relative to GBP; 
((a), (b) and (c) are referred to in the Prospectus as the Developed Market Currency Pair 
Indices); and 
2. 
nine Emerging Market Currencies valued relative to the US Dollar (the Emerging Market 
Currency Pair Indices and together with the Developed Market Currency Pair Indices, the 
Currency Pair Indices). 
Calculation of the Currency Indices 
General 
The methodology which MS&CO uses in order to calculate each of the Currency Indices is set out in the 
Manual, which at the date of this Prospectus is available at http://www.ms.com/msfx (the MSFX Website). 
The MSFX Website also provides simulated historical values of each of the Currency Indices on a daily 
basis from the beginning of 2002 using the calculation methodology set out in the MSFXSM Manual by way 
of an Excel data file, enabling users to calculate historic performance and volatility. Historical values 
provided in this Excel data file for the period prior to 10 April 2017 are calculated by reference to the Daily 
Collateral Yield assuming a zero percent floor. Historical values included in the Excel data file for the period 
from and including 10 April 2017 are calculated by reference to the Daily Collateral Yield without such zero 
percent floor. 
The Currency Pair Indices other than those tracking CNY and BRL each reflect the spot performance of 
one Currency against another Currency rolled daily using Spot Next Currency Forwards or Tom Next 
Currency Forward Contracts (see Deliverable Currencies below). These Currency Indices track the 
performance of a position in Forward Contracts which are sold each day (to prevent physical delivery of 
Currencies) and replaced with Forward Contracts which expire the following day. 
Currency Pair Indices tracking movements in CNY and BRL track Forward Contracts with longer maturities 
(Non-Deliverable Forward Contracts) as these are generally the most liquid underlying Futures Contracts for 
these Currencies (see Non-Deliverable Currencies below) which ensures that the Currency Indices can be 
investable benchmarks. 
The Currency Pair Indices are total return indices reflecting the performance of a fully collateralised position 
in Forward Contracts which are rolled on a regular basis. Rolling is daily in the case of Currency Indices 
priced off Deliverable Forward Contracts, monthly in the case of BRL, and every two months in the case 
of CNY. The total return of the Currency Pair Indices is made up of two elements: the Daily Currency 
Exposure and the Daily Collateral Yield. 
Daily Currency Exposure 
The Daily Currency Exposure reflects the movement in the exchange rates of the relevant currencies. For 
Currency Indices priced off Deliverable Forward Contracts, the Daily Currency Exposure is determined on 
a rolling, three business day period (comprising Day T, Day T-1 and Day T-2, as further defined in the 
MSFXSM Manual) and is equivalent to the daily price change from investing in one uncollateralised Forward 
Contract comprised as the product of: 
A12.2.2.2A 
 
A17.2.2.2(b)A 
 
A17.2.2.2A 
A17.2.2.2(b)A 
A17.2.2.2C 
 
A17.2.2.2C

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
1. 
a notional currency exposure, which is based on the closing level of the related Currency Index on 
Day T-2 divided by the rate of exchange for that Currency Pair on Day T-2; 
2. 
the variation in the rate of exchange of a Currency against the US Dollar (for USD Currency Pairs), 
the Euro (for Euro Currency Pairs) or GBP (for GBP Currency Pairs) between Day T-1 and Day 
T; and 
3. 
an interest rate differential reflecting the difference between (a) the interbank benchmark interest 
rate applicable to the Currency which is not the Relevant Currency and (b) the inter-bank 
benchmark interest rate applicable to the Relevant Currency. 
The extent to which the full value of either the rate of exchange between the two currencies or the interest rate 
differential is reflected in currency forward prices will depend on the liquidity and convertibility of each 
Currency. 
Daily Collateral Yield 
The Daily Collateral Yield is the interest rate which accrues to a fully collateralised position in a Forward 
Contract and is calculated by reference to: the One-Month T-Bill rate (T-Bill) in the case of Currency Indices 
valued relative to the US Dollar; the Euro Overnight Index Average rate (EONIA) in the case of Currency 
Indices valued relative to the Euro; or the Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate (SONIA) in the case 
of Currency Indices valued relative to GBP. As at the Amendment Date, there will be no zero percent floor 
applicable to the T-Bill, the EONIA or the SONIA. As a result, with effect from the Amendment Date, the Daily 
Collateral Yield with respect to a Currency Index may be negative or positive. 
Currency Indices Available 
The following table shows the types of Currency Indices available for each Currency as at the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Long 
Currency 
Short 
Currency 
Double Long 
Currency 
Double Short 
Currency 
Index 
Triple Long 
Currency 
Triple Short 5 Times Long 
Currency 
Currency 
5 Times Short 
Currency 
Index 
USD DEVELOPED MARKET 
CURRENCY PAIRS 
(AUD) Australian dollar 
 
 
 
 
 
                 
 
(CAD) Canadian dollar 
 
 
 
 
 
                 
 
(CHF) Swiss franc 
(EUR) European 
Union euro 
 
 
 
 
 
                 
 
 
(GBP) British pound 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(JPY) Japanese yen 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(NOK) Norwegian krone 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(NZD) New Zealand dollar 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(SEK) Swedish krona 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
USD EMERGING MARKET 
CURRENCY PAIRS 
(BRL) Brazilian real 
           
              
 
(CNY) Chinese 
renminbi (yuan) 
(CZK) Czech koruna 
 
 
(HUF) Hungarian forint 
 
 
(ILS) Israeli shekel 
 
 
(MXN) Mexican peso 
 
 
(SGD) Singapore dollar 
 
 
(ZAR) South African rand 
 
 
EUR DEVELOPED MARKET 
CURRENCY PAIRS 
(AUD) Australian dollar 
 
 
 
                  
 
 
(CAD) Canadian dollar 
 
 
 
                  
 
(CHF) Swiss franc 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(GBP) British pound 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(JPY) Japanese yen 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(NOK) Norwegian krone 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(NZD) New Zealand dollar 
 
 
 
                  
 
(SEK) Swedish Krona 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
(USD) United States dollar 
 
 
 
                  
 
 
 
 
A17.2.2.2C 
A17.2.2.2C

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
Long 
Currency 
Short 
Currency 
Double Long 
Currency 
Double Short 
Currency 
Index 
Triple Long 
Currency 
Triple Short 
Currency 
5 Times Long 
Currency 
Index 
5 Times Short 
Currency 
Index 
GBP DEVELOPED MARKET 
CURRENCY PAIRS 
(AUD) Australian dollar 
 
 
 
                 
 
(CAD) Canadian dollar 
 
 
 
                 
 
(CHF) Swiss franc 
 
 
 
                 
 
(EUR) European Union euro 
 
 
 
                 
 
(JPY) Japanese yen 
 
 
 
                 
 
(NOK) Norwegian krone 
 
 
 
                 
 
(NZD) New Zealand dollar 
 
 
 
                 
 
(SEK) Swedish krona 
 
 
 
                 
 
(USD) United States dollar 
 
 
 
                 
 
The Currency Indices (other than the Triple Long Currency Indices, the Triple Short Currency Indices, the 
5 Times Long Currency Indices and the 5 Times Short Currency Indices) were first published in July 2009 
using simulated historical data calculated back to January 2002. The Triple Long Currency Indices and the 
Triple Short Currency Indices were first published on 25 October 2010 using simulated historical data 
calculated back to January 2002. The 5 Times Long Currency Indices and the 5 Times Short Currency 
Indices were first published on 25 July 2014 using simulated historical data calculated back to 1 June 2009. 
The Currency Indices were created by and are calculated and disseminated daily on a real time basis by 
or for MS&CO using an objective and systematic methodology that uses generally available data sources 
that reflect actual quotes or trades by market participants. 
The MSFXSM Indices Committee currently comprises senior employees of the Index Sponsor and 
representatives from the sales and trading, strats and legal and compliance teams at the Index Sponsor and 
is responsible for overseeing the methodology and calculation of the Currency Indices, monitoring the 
effectiveness of the Currency Indices as a measure of the related foreign exchange rate performance and 
determining the need for changes in the composition or methodology of any Currency Index. The MSFXSM 
Indices Committee also reviews any significant market events or conditions that may affect the Currency 
Indices and may recommend that MS&CO revises the methodology or makes changes to the Currency 
Indices as it reasonably deems to be necessary in response to such events or conditions. All decisions 
with respect to the composition, calculation and operation of the Currency Indices will be made by MS&CO 
after consultation with the MSFXSM  Indices Committee. 
The Manual gives MS&CO as Index Sponsor a broad discretion to make modifications and adjustments to 
a Currency Index as are necessary to maintain such Currency Index as a tradeable benchmark. Any 
modifications, adjustments or other changes implemented by MS&CO which are reflected in the Manual and 
which affect the Currency Indices will be notified to Security Holders through an RIS made as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the change is notified to the Issuer. 
MS&CO is expected to use commercially reasonable efforts to calculate and transmit for publication an 
official closing level for each Currency Index at or at a reasonable time after 4.30 p.m. London time on any 
Index Business Day. 
How the Currency Indices operate 
All the Currency Pair Indices include exposure to both (i) a multiple of the Daily Currency Exposure and (ii) 
the Daily Collateral Yield. The relevant Currency Pair Index will be exposed to a multiple of the Daily 
Currency Exposure as described under the heading “Daily Currency Exposure Multiple” in the table below. 
In addition, each Currency Pair Index also incorporates one times the Daily Collateral Yield on a daily basis 
to reflect the interest return which is earned on a fully collateralised position in Forward Contracts. A 
summary of each exposure and the multiple thereof are provided in the following table. 
 
Currency Pair Index 
Daily Currency
Exposure Multiple
Daily Collateral 
Yield 
Long Currency Index 
1x 
1x 
Short Currency Index 
-1x 
1x 
Double Long Currency Index 
2x 
1x 
Double Short Currency Index 
-2x 
1x 
Triple Long Currency Index 
3x 
1x 
Triple Short Currency Index 
-3x 
1x 
Five Times Long Currency Index 
5x 
1x 
Five Times Short Currency Index 
-5x 
1x

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Long Currency Indices 
Long Currency Indices (i) track one times (1x) the Daily Currency Exposure and (ii) provide a Daily 
Collateral Yield which is referenced to the One-Month T-Bill rate (for USD Currency Indices), EONIA (for 
Euro Currency Indices) or SONIA (for GBP Currency Indices). 
Accordingly, the Daily Currency Exposure will: 
(i) 
increase on a particular day where the value of the Currency increases in value relative to the US 
Dollar (for USD Currency Indices), the Euro (for Euro Currency Indices) or GBP (for GBP Currency 
Indices) or decrease where the value of the Currency decreases in value relative to the US Dollar, the 
Euro or GBP; and 
(ii) 
adjust upwards if the overnight interest rate in the Currency is greater than the US Dollar, Euro or 
GBP (as applicable) overnight interest rate or adjust downwards if the overnight interest rate in the 
Currency is less than the US Dollar, Euro or GBP (as applicable) overnight interest rate. 
Long Currency Indices will also adjust by the Daily Collateral Yield. 
The return from holding a Long Currency Index is therefore similar to that which an investor might receive if 
they were to sell US Dollars, Euros or GBP (as applicable) and buy foreign Currency and earn interest at 
the local risk free interest rate of that Currency. Thus a Long Currency Index (before fees and adjustments) 
will generally outperform changes in the relevant spot exchange rate (provided that the implied local 
Currency interest rate is greater than zero). 
Short Currency Indices 
Short Currency Indices (i) track minus one times (-1x) the Daily Currency Exposure; and (ii) provide a Daily 
Collateral Yield which is referenced to the One-Month T-Bill rate (for USD Currency Indices), EONIA (for Euro 
Currency Indices) or SONIA (for GBP Currency Indices). 
Accordingly, the Daily Currency Exposure will: 
• 
increase on a particular day where the value of the Currency decreases in value relative to the US 
Dollar (for USD Currency Indices), the Euro (for Euro Currency Indices) or GBP (for GBP Currency 
Indices) or will decrease where the value of the Currency increases in value relative to the US Dollar, 
the Euro or GBP; and 
• 
adjust upwards if the overnight interest rate in the Currency is less than the US Dollar (or Euro or 
GBP) overnight interest rate or downwards if the overnight interest rate in the Currency is greater 
than the US Dollar (or Euro or GBP) overnight interest rate. 
Short Currency Indices will also adjust by the Daily Collateral Yield. 
The return from holding a Short Currency Index is therefore similar to (i) investing in US Dollars or Euros or 
GBP in the risk-free rate; (ii) borrowing the relevant foreign Currency and paying interest at the local 
overnight interest rate of that Currency; and (iii) using such borrowed Currency to purchase US Dollars, 
Euros or GBP (as applicable) whereby those US Dollars,or Euros or GBP (as applicable) would be invested 
to earn interest at the overnight US Dollar, Euro or GBP (as applicable) inter-bank interest rate. A Short 
Currency Index (before fees and adjustments) should outperform a short position in the relevant spot 
exchange rate provided that the local Currency interest rate is less than the risk free rate plus the overnight 
US Dollar, Euro or GBP (as applicable) inter-bank interest rate. 
Double Long Currency Indices and Double Short Currency Indices 
Double Long Currency Indices and Double Short Currency Indices reflect a leveraged exposure to the 
Daily Currency Exposure of two times (2x), in the case of the Double Long Currency Indices, or minus two 
times (-2x), in the case of the Double Short Currency Indices. 
Each Double Long Currency Index and Double Short Currency Index provides the same Daily Collateral 
Yield as the corresponding Long Currency Index or Short Currency Index. 
Since each Currency Index includes an adjustment for the Daily Collateral Yield, the return of a Short 
Currency Index will not equal minus one times the daily return of the Long Currency Index and the return of 
a Double Long (Short) Currency Index will not equal two times (minus two times) the daily return of the 
Long Currency Index.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Triple Long Currency Indices and Triple Short Currency Indices 
Triple Long Currency Indices and Triple Short Currency Indices reflect a leveraged exposure to the Daily 
Currency Exposure of three times (3x), in the case of the Triple Long Currency Indices, or minus three 
times (-3x), in the case of the Triple Short Currency Indices. 
Each Triple Long Currency Index and Triple Short Currency Index provides the same Daily Collateral Yield 
as the corresponding Long Currency Index or Short Currency Index. 
Since each Currency Index includes an adjustment for the Daily Collateral Yield, the return of a Short 
Currency Index will not equal minus one times the daily return of the long Currency Index and the return of 
a Triple Long (Short) Currency Index will not equal three times (minus three times) the daily return of the 
Long Currency Index. 
5 Times Long Currency Indices and 5 Times Short Currency Indices 
5 Times Long Currency Indices and 5 Times Short Currency Indices reflect a leveraged exposure to the 
Daily Currency Exposure of five times (5x), in the case of the 5 Times Long Currency Indices, or minus five 
times (-5x), in the case of the 5 Times Short Currency Indices. 
Each 5 Times Long Currency Index and 5 Times Short Currency Index provides the same Daily Collateral 
Yield as the corresponding Long Currency Index or Short Currency Index. 
Since each Currency Index includes an adjustment for the Daily Collateral Yield, the return of a Short 
Currency Index will not equal minus one times the daily return of the long Currency Index and the return of 
a 5 Times Long (Short) Currency Index will not equal five times (minus five times) the daily return of the 
Long Currency Index. 
Returns on Short Currency Indices and Leveraged Currency Indices 
The returns from Short Currency Indices and Leveraged Currency Indices (and therefore the Short 
Collateralised Currency Securities and the Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities) on a particular day 
(Day T) are designed to provide a specific exposure to daily changes in currency exchange rates, in each 
case the exposure being determined by reference to a notional exposure based on the closing level of the 
relevant Currency Index on Day T-2 divided by the rate of exchange (as at Day T-2) for that currency 
against the US Dollar, Euro or GBP, respectively. For these purposes references to Day T-2 being the 
second business day prior to Day T for those markets described in the MSFXSM Manual. 
Over periods of greater than one day they do not necessarily provide a return equivalent to the return from 
the unleveraged long or short Currency Indices multiplied by the relevant Leverage Factor for example: 
buying 5 Times Long Currency Securities or 5 Times Short Currency Securities does not mean the return in 
respect of such Collateralised Currency Securities will be five times that of an unleveraged long or short 
Currency Security. It is possible for the Short Collateralised Currency Securities and Leveraged 
Collateralised Currency Securities to “outperform” or “underperform” the relevant unleveraged or short 
Currency Securities multiplied by the relevant Leverage Factor. This is because among other things, on a 
daily basis the Leverage Factor will be applied to the Daily Currency Exposure and not the Daily Collateral 
Yield and, over time, there may be volatility in the relevant currency exchange rates which may impact the 
return. 
Also as the exposure to an exchange rate versus the US Dollar, Euro or GBP is determined on a particular day 
by reference to a notional exposure which is calculated based on the closing level of the relevant Currency 
Index on the second prior business day (as more particularly described above), this means that the return 
on a Currency Index (and, in particular a Short Currency index or a Leveraged Currency Index) may not 
precisely match the variation in the exchange rate multiplied by the leveraged exposure (see Frequently 
Asked Questions: “Will Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities provide the same leverage for periods 
greater than one day?”). 
Deliverable Currencies 
All Currencies included in the Currency Indices other than CNY and BRL are deliverable currencies 
(Deliverable Currencies) meaning that the currency forward transactions reflected in the relevant 
Currency Indices are transactions which would normally result in an actual exchange of currencies if held 
to maturity (Deliverable Forward Contracts). For each Deliverable Currency, the related Currency Index

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
will replicate the return from holding a constant long or short position in the related Currency by rolling a 
Forward Contract in such Currency each day on the day which the Forward Contract is scheduled to expire. 
Non-Deliverable Currencies 
Currently, the governments of China and Brazil restrict the trading of their currencies and therefore foreign 
parties may not own and trade these currencies for speculative purposes. In order to allow hedging and 
trading by foreign parties in respect of these Currencies, a market has developed in derivatives that allows 
parties to receive a US Dollar return on positions in such Currencies (each a Non- Deliverable Currency). 
These derivatives are called non-deliverable forward contracts (Non-Deliverable Forward Contracts or 
NDFs). An NDF sets an exchange rate for the currency at some time in the future. The exchange rate at 
which the NDF typically settles is the spot rate set by the People’s Bank of China for CNY and the spot rate 
set by the central bank of Brazil for BRL. For each Non-Deliverable Currency, the Currency Indices will 
replicate the return from holding a constant long or short position in the relevant NDF by rolling the NDF 
every two months (for CNY) or monthly (for BRL). 
The Currency Indices are the exclusive property of MS&CO. MS&CO and the MS&CO index names are 
service mark(s) of MS&CO or its Affiliates and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by the 
Issuer. 
THE COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES ARE NOT SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR 
PROMOTED BY MS&CO, ANY AFFILIATE OF MS&CO OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR 
RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX OTHER THAN ANY SALE BY ANY 
AFFILIATE OF MS&CO IN ITS ROLE AS AN AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT. THE CURRENCY INDICES 
ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MS&CO. MS&CO AND THE CURRENCY INDEX NAMES ARE 
SERVICE MARK(S) OF MS&CO OR ITS AFFILIATES AND HAVE BEEN LICENSED FOR USE FOR 
CERTAIN PURPOSES BY THE ISSUER. NEITHER MS&CO, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY 
OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX 
MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE OWNERS OF THE 
COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES OR ANY MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE 
ADVISABILITY 
OF 
INVESTING 
IN 
FINANCIAL 
SECURITIES 
GENERALLY 
OR 
IN 
THE 
COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES PARTICULARLY OR THE ABILITY OF ANY CURRENCY 
INDEX TO TRACK CORRESPONDING CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE PERFORMANCE. MS&CO OR 
ITS AFFILIATES ARE THE LICENSORS OF CERTAIN TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS AND TRADE 
NAMES AND OF THE CURRENCY INDICES WHICH ARE DETERMINED, COMPOSED AND 
CALCULATED BY MS&CO WITHOUT REGARD TO THE COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES 
OR THE ISSUER OR OWNER OF THE COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES. NEITHER 
MS&CO, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING 
OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF THE 
ISSUER OR SECURITY HOLDERS INTO CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING, COMPOSING OR 
CALCULATING THE CURRENCY INDICES. NEITHER MS&CO, ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER 
PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX IS 
RESPONSIBLE FOR OR HAS PARTICIPATED IN THE DETERMINATION OF THE TIMING OF, PRICES 
AT, OR QUANTITIES OF THE COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED OR IN THE 
DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION OF THE EQUATION BY WHICH THE COLLATERALISED 
CURRENCY SECURITIES MAY BE REDEEMED FOR CASH. NEITHER MS&CO, ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, THE MAKING OR COMPILING 
ANY CURRENCY INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY TO THE SECURITY HOLDERS IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH 
THE 
ADMINISTRATION, 
MARKETING 
OR 
OFFERING 
OF 
THE 
COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES. 
ALTHOUGH MS&CO SHALL OBTAIN INFORMATION FOR INCLUSION IN OR FOR USE IN THE 
CALCULATION OF THE CURRENCY INDICES FROM SOURCES WHICH MS&CO CONSIDERS 
RELIABLE, NEITHER MS&CO, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR 
RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE 
ORIGINALITY, ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF ANY CURRENCY INDEX OR ANY 
DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER MS&CO, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY 
INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX MAKES ANY 
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY   PERSON OR 
ENTITY FROM THE USE OF ANY CURRENCY INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER 
MS&CO, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING 
OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS,

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
OMISSIONS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CURRENCY INDEX OR ANY 
DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. FURTHER, NEITHER MS&CO, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER 
PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX MAKES 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND MS&CO, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES AND 
ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY CURRENCY 
INDEX HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY CURRENCY INDEX AND ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL MS&CO, 
ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR 
COMPILING ANY CURRENCY INDEX HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) EVEN IF 
NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
10PART 4 
DESCRIPTION OF COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to Collateralised Currency Securities. The legally 
binding Terms and Conditions of the Collateralised Currency Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument and 
are reproduced in Part 11 (Terms and Conditions of Collateralised Currency Securities) of this Prospectus. 
Copies of the Trust Instrument, by which Collateralised Currency Securities will be constituted, are available 
for inspection as set out under the heading Documents Available for Inspection in Part 14 (Additional 
Information) of this Prospectus. 
Pricing of Collateralised Currency Securities 
A Collateralised Currency Security entitles an Authorised Participant (subject to certain conditions) to 
require the redemption of the Collateralised Currency Security at the Price (less, in the case of CNY 
Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee as set out under Additional Redemption Fee below) of that 
Collateralised Currency Security calculated on the relevant Pricing Day (day T) and to receive such 
amount, in the Relevant Currency, on the Redemption Payment Date (normally day T+2). 
Collateralised Currency Securities will be priced on each Pricing Day and such price will reflect the 
movement in the applicable Currency Index since the immediately preceding Pricing Day and a Daily 
Adjustment. 
Not all classes of Collateralised Currency Securities have the same Pricing Days (because the Currency 
Indices have different Index Business Days). Consequently there will be days on which Prices are 
calculated and published for some classes of Collateralised Currency Securities but not others. 
Collateralised Currency Securities of a particular class are priced in the currency of denomination of that 
class. Collateralised Currency Securities linked to the performance of Currency Indices valued relative to 
the US Dollar will be denominated in US Dollars, Collateralised Currency Securities linked to the 
performance of Currency Indices valued relative to the Euro will be denominated in Euros and 
Collateralised Currency Securities linked to the performance of Currency Indices valued relative to GBP will 
be denominated in GBP. 
The Price for each class of Collateralised Currency Security, for each Pricing Day for that class, will be an 
amount in the Relevant Currency calculated using the following formula (calculated to 7 decimal places 
with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 = 𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1 × ቆ𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
−𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ቇ 
 
where: 
 
i  
refers to the class of such Collateralised Currency Security; 
t  
refers to such Pricing Day; 
t-1 
refers to the Pricing Day immediately preceding Pricing Day t; 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Collateralised Currency Security of class i on Pricing Day t;  
Pi,t -1      
is the Price of a Collateralised Currency Security of class i on Pricing Day t-1; 
Ii,t 
is the Closing Level of the Currency Index applicable to a Collateralised Currency Security 
of class i in respect of Pricing Day t; 
Ii,t -1 
is the Closing Level of the Currency Index applicable to a Collateralised Currency Security 
of class i in respect of Pricing Day t-1; 
 
 
A14.5.3.1(a)C 
A17.2.1.1 
A17.2.1.4 
A17.2.2.1 
A17.2.1.4 
 
A17.2.1.4 
A14.5.3.1(b)B

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
DAi,t  
is the daily adjustment in respect of a Collateralised Currency Security of class i on Pricing 
Day t, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 = ൬𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐷𝐷
+ 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ൰× 𝑁𝑁𝑡𝑡 
where: 
MFi,t 
is the Management Fee (expressed as a percentage) in respect of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of class i on calendar day t; 
DSi,t     
Is the Daily Spread in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of class i on Pricing Day 
t; 
D 
refers to the number of days in the calendar year in which calendar day t falls; 
Nt 
refers to the number of calendar days from and including the Pricing Day immediately 
preceding Pricing Day t to but excluding Pricing Day t. 
Prices will be calculated for each class of Collateralised Currency Security following the end of each day 
which is a Pricing Day for that Collateralised Currency Security, and posted on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ on the following Pricing Day. As the closing level of a Currency Index 
fluctuates, the Price of Collateralised Currency Securities of the corresponding class will also fluctuate in 
accordance with the formula set out above. 
The Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities will be affected by the movements and performance of 
the relevant Currency Index as explained in “Risks Factors - Exchange Rate Risks – General Market Risk” 
and in “Frequently Asked Questions” above. 
The Currency Indices are calculated and published by MS&CO (on the MSFX Website) and further details 
are included in Part 3. How the Price of the relevant Collateralised Currency Security precisely affects the 
Collateralised Currency Security will be calculated in accordance with the above formula in this Part 4. 
Where an Index Provider subsequently amends a Closing Level of a Currency Index in respect of a Pricing 
Day, there shall be no obligation on the Issuer to amend or recalculate the Price of the corresponding class 
of Collateralised Currency Securities for such Pricing Day. 
Collateralised Currency Securities will be  priced  and  settled  in  the  Relevant  Currency  (currently US 
Dollars, Euros or GBP). 66 classes of Euro Collateralised Currency Securities, 99 classes of USD 
Collateralised Currency Securities and 56 classes of GBP Collateralised Currency Securities are available 
for issue under the Programme. 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities of 
a particular class will be the higher of (i) the Principal Amount for that class, and (ii) the Price of that 
Collateralised Currency Security on the applicable Pricing Day less, in the case of CNY Securities, any 
Additional Redemption Fee. 
As each class of Collateralised Currency Security is a limited recourse security as described in Condition 3.2, 
it is in the interests of the Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for that class does not fall 
below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to avoid the Price of a class of Collateralised Currency 
Security falling below its Principal Amount: (i) by, where necessary, seeking the sanction of Security 
Holders by Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class of Collateralised Currency 
Security to a level less than its Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee 
which would be payable on such Pricing Day); and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day the Price (less, in the case of 
CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee which would be payable on such Pricing Day) of any class 
of Collateralised Currency Security falls to 5 times the Principal Amount of such Collateralised Currency 
Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the Price remains below such amount, upon 
not less than two days’ notice by RIS announcement elect to redeem the Collateralised Currency Securities 
of that class. This right will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal 
Amount such that the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee which 
would be payable on such Pricing Day) is more than 10 times the Principal Amount subject to any further 
fall in the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee which would be payable 
on such Pricing Day) of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities to 5 times the reduced Principal 
Amount or below. 
A14.4.1(a)B 
A17.2.1.1 
 
A17.2.1.1

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
If the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee which would be payable on 
such Pricing Day) of a class of Collateralised Currency Security falls below its Principal Amount, the Issuer 
may suspend Redemptions of that class of Collateralised Currency Security and may terminate any such 
suspension (giving notice in each case via RIS announcement) for a period of 30 days, and thereafter 
provided that notice of a meeting has been issued convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 days 
after the date of the notice for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the 
effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level less than the Price, the suspension to expire when the 
meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and makes 
alternative provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution. Any suspension will not affect any 
Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Index 
Redemption Form lodged on a Pricing Day when the right to Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities 
of that class is suspended will be invalid. 
Management Fee and Spread 
The Price of each class of Collateralised Currency Securities includes a deduction of the Management Fee 
and the Daily Spread under the Currency Transactions of the same class by application of the Daily 
Adjustment. 
The Management Fee for each class of Collateralised Currency Securities is a rate per annum payable by 
the Issuer to ManJer. The Spread for each class of Collateralised Currency Securities is a daily rate per 
annum, which will be as agreed from time to time by each Currency Transaction Counterparty and the 
Issuer and set out in the Daily Adjustment Agreement. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Management Fee per annum and Daily Spreads applicable to 
Collateralised Currency Securities of each class are as follows: 
 
Class 
Management Fee  
(% per annum) 
Daily Spread 
(%) 
Long USD Developed Market Currency Securities  
Short USD Developed Market Currency Securities  
Long EUR Currency Securities 
Short EUR Currency Securities  
Long GBP Currency Securities  
Short GBP Currency Securities 
                     0.39 
    0.0016438 
CNY Securities 
                     0.59 
    0.0023288 
Triple Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities 
                     0.98 
    0.0023288 
5 Times Leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities 
                     0.98  
    0.0024658 
The Daily Adjustment applicable to each class of Collateralised Currency Security in issue on each day will 
be posted by the Issuer on its website, at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. 
Authorised Participants 
Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or requiring the redemption of 
Collateralised Currency Securities, save where, as noted elsewhere in this document, on the date on which 
a Redemption Form is lodged there are no Authorised Participants or where the Issuer has announced by 
RIS in respect of a particular Pricing Day, or until further announcement or generally, that Redemptions by 
Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants will be permitted. A person can only be an Authorised 
Participant if it is: (a) a securities house or other market professional approved by the Issuer (in its absolute 
discretion); and (b) an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person. An Authorised 
Participant must also have entered into: (a) an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer dealing 
with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the Authorised Participant in relation to applying for 
and redeeming Collateralised Currency Securities and (b) a Direct Agreement with MSIP and/or another 
Currency Transaction Counterparty, under which, amongst other things, the Authorised Participant and 
MSIP (or other Currency Transaction Counterparty) provide undertakings to each other regarding the 
settlement of moneys payable for applications and/or listing failures. For the avoidance of doubt, no Direct 
Agreement shall be entered into where the Authorised Participant and the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty are the same entity or are Affiliates. 
A14.5.2.1 
 
A19.4.1 
A17.3.1

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
A person will only become an Authorised Participant by signing an Authorised Participant Agreement with 
the Issuer (the terms of which are summarised in Part 8 (Summary of Transaction Documents). At the date 
of this Prospectus, there are nine  Authorised Participants (Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc., ABN 
AMRO Clearing Bank N.V., Deutsche Bank AG, acting through its London Branch, Jane Street Financial 
Limited, Merrill Lynch International, Knight Capital Europe Limited, Susquehanna International Securities 
Limited, Virtu Financial Ireland Limited, Optiver VOF). Additional Authorised Participants may be introduced 
in due course. 
Under a Facility Agreement, a Currency Transaction Counterparty has the right to give notice (with 
immediate effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain circumstances, 
including if it deems such person to be unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant for compliance or 
reputational reasons. As a result of any exercises of such right there could at any time be no Authorised 
Participants. 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that there are at least two Authorised Participants. 
In the event that at any time there are no Authorised Participants, Security Holders will be permitted to 
require the redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities respectively held by them directly from the 
Issuer. 
Applications and Redemptions 
All applications for and redemptions of Collateralised Currency Securities on any Pricing Day or, in the 
case of CNY Securities, on the Pricing Day following the London Business Day on which the Application 
Form or Redemption Form is deemed received shall be effected using the pricing formulae described 
above. 
The application and redemption procedures to be followed by Authorised Participants, the Issuer and 
Currency Transaction Counterparties in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities are set out in the 
Authorised Participant Agreements, the Conditions and the Facility Agreement and are summarised below. 
These procedures may be amended at any time by agreement between the relevant parties. 
Application Processes 
Collateralised Currency Securities may be issued on the Application of an Authorised Participant during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this document. There is no minimum number of Collateralised 
Currency Securities that must be applied for (but there is a minimum creation volume for the creation of 
each class of Currency Transaction on any Pricing Day (the Minimum Creation Volume). If that Minimum 
Creation Volume is not achieved through applications for corresponding Collateralised Currency Securities 
then, unless the Currency Transaction Counterparty agrees to waive the applicable Minimum Creation 
Volume, no Collateralised Currency Securities of that class will be issued). The Issuer will decline 
Applications if it cannot for any reason create a corresponding Currency Transaction under a Facility 
Agreement. 
 
 
A14.5.2.2

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
The Minimum Creation Volumes applicable to MSIP as the initial Currency Transaction Counterparty 
relating to each class of Currency Securities are as follows: 
 
Class of Collateralised Currency Security 
Minimum Creation Volume 
Long USD Developed Market Currency Securities 
US$ 1,000,000 
Short USD Developed Market Currency Securities 
 
Long USD Emerging Market Currency Securities 
US$ 500,000 
Short USD Emerging Market Currency Securities 
 
Double Leveraged Long USD Currency Securities 
 
Double Leveraged Short USD Currency Securities 
 
Triple Leveraged Long USD Currency Securities 
 
Triple Leveraged Short USD Currency Securities 
 
Long EUR Currency Securities 
Euro 1,000,000 
Short EUR Currency Securities 
 
Triple Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities 
Euro 500,000 
Triple Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities 
 
Double Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities 
Euro 500,000 
Double Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities 
 
 
GBP 500,000 
Long GBP Currency Securities 
 
Short GBP Currency Securities 
 
Triple Leveraged Long GBP Currency Securities 
 
Triple Leveraged Short GBP Currency Securities 
 
5 Times Leveraged Long USD Currency Securities 
US$ 250,000 
5 Times Leveraged Short USD Currency Securities 
 
5 Times Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities 
Euro 250,000 
5 Times Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities 
 
5 Times Leveraged Long GBP Currency Securities 
GBP 250,000 
5 Times Leveraged Short GBP Currency Securities 
 
Application Moneys for all Collateralised Currency Securities must be paid by Authorised Participants 
directly to the Issuer via CREST. Legal title to Collateralised Currency Securities will be transferred by 
means of the CREST system and evidenced by an entry on the Register. 
Settlement of Collateralised Currency Securities on issue will only be made against payment in CREST 
and only after: 
(a) 
receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application Form; 
(b) 
the creation of a matching Currency Transaction; and 
(c) 
Listing in respect of such Collateralised Currency Securities having become effective. 
In order to make an Application for the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities an Authorised Participant 
must either: 
• 
submit an Application Form to the Issuer requesting the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities 
(Index Pricing); or 
• 
agree with a Currency Transaction Counterparty a Pricing Day for (i) the issue of Collateralised 
Currency Securities and (ii) the creation of the corresponding Currency Transaction (Agreed 
Pricing).

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Index Pricing 
The following procedures apply when Index Pricing is used in an Application for all classes of Collateralised 
Currency Security other than CNY Securities: 
• 
an Application for Collateralised Currency Securities using Index Pricing may only be made on a 
Pricing Day and must be received by the Issuer before 2.00 p.m.; 
• 
the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) agree to treat an Application received on a Pricing Day after 
2.00 p.m. as being received at 8.00 a.m. on the next following Pricing Day; 
• 
upon receipt and confirmation of a valid Application, the Issuer will send a Creation Notice to the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty for the purpose of creating a Currency Transaction 
corresponding to such Application, and will confirm the Currency Transaction Counterparty’s receipt 
of such Creation Notice. 
The following procedures apply when Index Pricing is used in an Application for CNY Securities: 
• 
such Application for CNY Securities using Index Pricing may only be made on a London Business 
Day and must be received by the Issuer before 4.30 p.m. on such London Business Day; 
• 
the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) agree to treat an Application received on a London 
Business Day after 4.30 p.m. as being received at 8.00 a.m. on the next following London Business 
Day; 
• 
on the Pricing Day immediately following the London Business Day on which such Application is 
received (Pricing Day T) the Issuer will confirm whether the Application is a valid Application; 
• 
upon receipt and confirmation of a valid Application, the Issuer will on the London Business Day 
before Pricing Day T send a Creation Notice to the Currency Transaction Counterparty for the 
purpose of creating a CNY Transaction corresponding to such Application on Pricing Day T, and will 
confirm the Currency Transaction Counterparty’s receipt of such Creation Notice. 
The procedures required to be followed when lodging a Redemption Form in respect of CNY Securities are 
the same as for making an Application for CNY Securities. 
Agreed Pricing 
There are no restrictions on the number of Collateralised Currency Securities that can be applied for, the 
time for lodging the Application or the settlement date, other than the requirement for the Issuer to receive 
the requisite notices from both the Authorised Participant and the Currency Transaction Counterparty not 
later than noon (London time) one London Business Day prior to the proposed settlement date. 
Calculation of Price 
In the case of both Agreed Pricing and Index Pricing the Issuer will calculate the Price of all Collateralised 
Currency Securities to be issued to each Applicant and will confirm such Price with each Applicant by the 
following London Business Day. 
Redemption Processes 
A Security Holder who is an Authorised Participant may require the redemption of all or any of its 
Collateralised Currency Securities using Index Pricing or, if agreed with the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, using Agreed Pricing. 
A Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may only require the redemption of any of its 
Collateralised Currency Securities using Index Pricing and only if, on a Pricing Day, either there are no 
Authorised Participants or the Issuer has announced by RIS in respect of a such Pricing Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants may require the Issuer 
to redeem. Payment on redemption to persons who are not Authorised Participants may be subject to their 
giving to the Issuer and the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty certain beneficial owner 
certifications to assess whether such payments should be subject to withholding or deduction for taxes. 
A17.2.1.4

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Payment of the Redemption Amount will be made by the Issuer directly to the relevant Authorised 
Participant which has required the Issuer to redeem the Collateralised Currency Securities, via CREST. 
The procedures required to be followed when lodging a Redemption Form are the same as for making an 
Application. Where Collateralised Currency Securities are to be redeemed, the Issuer will close the 
Currency Transaction corresponding to such Redemption, subject to the Issuer’s discretion to elect to 
satisfy Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Collateralised Currency Securities to 
one or more Applicants from Security Holders seeking redemption. 
If the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee which would be payable on 
the applicable Pricing Day) of a class of Collateralised Currency Security falls below its Principal Amount, 
the Issuer may suspend Redemptions of that class of Collateralised Currency Security (giving such notice 
via RIS announcement) for a period of 30 days, and thereafter, provided that notice of a meeting has been 
issued convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for the purpose 
of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a 
level less than the Price, the suspension to expire when the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) 
concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and makes alternative provision, in accordance with 
the Extraordinary Resolution. Any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which 
had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Redemption Form lodged on a Pricing Day when 
the right to Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities of that class is suspended will be invalid. 
If a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and as a result any Redemption Notice in 
respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class issued on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would 
have been invalid or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such class for a period of 30 
Pricing Days, then Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants will not have a right to redeem. 
However, the Trustee shall, if so directed by Security Holders of the Relevant Affected Classes holding not 
less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of Collateralised Currency Securities of those Relevant Affected 
Classes, subject to the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction, instruct the Security Trustee to enforce the security constituted by the Security Deed relating 
to the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
The System 
The Issuer has implemented a system (the “System”) for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
applications and request redemptions of Collateralised Currency Securities by means of a secure website in 
substitution for the lodging of the forms required by the Authorised Participant Agreements, the Conditions 
or any of them for the purpose of such applications and redemptions. 
It is expected that all applications for Collateralised Currency Securities will be made and all redemptions of 
Collateralised Currency Securities will be requested using this system. In the event of a failure in the 
System, applications may be made and redemptions may be requested using the forms and notices 
described under the headings “Applications and Redemptions — Application Processes” and “Applications 
and Redemptions — Redemption Processes” above. 
Creation Limits and Redemption Limits 
There are limits on the Volume of Currency Transactions which can be created or closed at any time (and 
therefore on the issue or redemption of corresponding Collateralised Currency Securities). The Issuer will 
reject Application Forms or Redemption Forms to the extent that the acceptance of such would cause the 
Creation Limits or Redemption Limits to be exceeded, unless the Currency Transaction Counterparty 
agrees with the Issuer that corresponding Currency Transactions will be created or closed notwithstanding 
that the Creation Limits or Redemption Limits would be exceeded. 
The maximum creation volume applicable to MSIP as the initial Currency Transaction Counterparty in 
respect of all Currency Transactions is US$5,000,000,000. 
 
 
A14.5.2.2

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
The Volume limits and Daily Creation and Redemption Limits applicable to MSIP as the initial Currency 
Transaction Counterparty with respect to each class of Collateralised Currency Security are set out in the 
table below: 
 
USD Collateralised Currency Securities 
Class of USD Collateralised 
Volume 
Daily Creation Daily Redemption
Currency Security 
Limit 
Limit
Limit
USD millions 
USD millions
USD millions
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD and WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 
1,000 
100 
100 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD and WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD and WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD and WisdomTree Short Euro Long USD 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD and WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD and WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD and WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD and WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 
500 
100 
100 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD and WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 
WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD and WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD 
500 
50 
50 
WisdomTree Long CZK Short USD and WisdomTree Short CZK Long USD 
20 
20 
20 
WisdomTree Long HUF Short USD and WisdomTree Short HUF Long USD 
WisdomTree Long ILS Short USD and WisdomTree Short ILS Long USD 
WisdomTree Long MXN Short USD and WisdomTree Short MXN Long USD 
WisdomTree Long ZAR Short USD and WisdomTree Short ZAR Long USD 
WisdomTree Long BRL Short USD and WisdomTree Short BRL Long USD 
20 
20 
20 
WisdomTree Long SGD Short USD and WisdomTree Short SGD Long USD 
50 
20 
20 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 2x Daily  500 
50 
50 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 3x Daily  250 
50 
50 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 3x Daily  125 
50 
50 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 5x Daily  100 
20 
20 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 5x Daily 
75 
20 
20 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 5x Daily

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
Euro Collateralised Currency Securities 
Class of Euro Collateralised 
Volume 
Daily Creation Daily Redemption 
Currency Security 
Limit 
Limit 
Limit 
Euro millions 
Euro millions 
Euro millions 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR and WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 
375 
75 
75 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR and WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR and WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR and WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR and WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR and WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 
750 
75 
75 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR and WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR and WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR and WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 2x Daily   375 
37.5 
37.5 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 2x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 2x Daily 187.5 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 2x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 2x Daily 
37.5 
37.5 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 3x Daily  100 
37.5 
37.5 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 5x Daily   100 
15 
15 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 5x Daily 
75 
15 
15 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 5x Daily

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
GBP Collateralised Currency Securities 
Class of GBP Collateralised 
Volume 
Daily Creation Daily Redemption 
Currency Security 
Limit 
Limit 
Limit 
GBP millions 
GBP millions 
GBP millions 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP and WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP 
450 
100 
100 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP and WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP and WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP and WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP and WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 
225 
100 
100 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP and WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP and WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP and WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP and WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP 3x Daily  115 
20 
20 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 3x Daily 57.5 
20 
20 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 3x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 3x Daily 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP 5x Daily 
50 
10 
10 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 5x Daily 
40 
10 
10 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTreeShort NZD Long GBP 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 5x Daily and WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 5x Daily 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees will only be payable on the issue and redemption of Collateralised 
Currency Securities and not by investors who buy and sell Collateralised Currency Securities on the 
secondary market, including the London Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer will charge Authorised Participants an Application Fee of up to £500 (including any applicable 
VAT) (or such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular 
occasion) for each Application, regardless of the number of Collateralised Currency Securities being 
issued. 
The Issuer will also charge Authorised Participants a Redemption Fee of up to £500 (including any 
applicable VAT) (or such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any 
particular occasion) for each Redemption Form, regardless of the number of Collateralised Currency 
Securities being redeemed. In the event of a compulsory redemption or a Security Holder who is not an 
Authorised Participant submitting a Redemption Form in circumstances where there is no Authorised 
Participant, as described above, the Issuer will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the 
Issuer’s cost in satisfying such Redemption Form, including costs of enquiries under Condition 11 
(Enquiries as to status of Security Holders) and of giving the redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), and 
that amount will be charged by the Issuer by way of a deduction from the redemption proceeds due to such 
Security Holder. 
No additional amounts will be charged by the Issuer to an Applicant or a Security Holder in respect of VAT 
payable in connection with Application Fees or Redemption Fees. 
The Issuer may vary the Application Fees and Redemption Fees at any time after giving 30 days’ written 
notice to Authorised Participants and through an RIS announcement.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Additional Redemption Fee 
An Additional Redemption Fee will be payable in respect of the redemption of CNY Securities pursuant to 
an Index Redemption Form. 
The Additional Redemption Fee in respect of any class shall be an amount calculated as the average of all 
applicable Additional Closing Fees incurred by the Issuer on the Pricing Date which is relevant to that Index 
Redemption Form in connection with the Closing of any Corresponding Currency Transaction. The Additional 
Redemption Fees applicable to each class of Collateralised Currency Transaction will be published on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
Additional Closing Fees are payable by the Issuer to MSIP when MSIP closes any CNY Transaction as 
described under “Additional Closing Fee” in Part 6 (Description of Currency Transactions). 
Compulsory Redemptions 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice by RIS announcement to the Security 
Holders, redeem all or some Collateralised Currency Securities of a particular class. 
In addition, Collateralised Currency Securities may be compulsorily redeemed, either in whole or in part, in 
the following circumstances as more fully described in the Conditions: 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
The Issuer may nominate a Pricing Day to be a compulsory redemption date (a Compulsory Redemption 
Date) on less than 30 days’ notice in respect of all or some of a class of Collateralised Currency Securities 
where: 
• 
notice is given by a party to a Facility Agreement terminating that Facility Agreement or notifying a 
Compulsory Closing Date thereunder in respect of one or more Currency Transactions created 
thereunder; 
• 
a Compulsory Closing Date occurs in respect of a Corresponding Currency Transaction; 
• 
an Early Termination Date has been set in relation to a Corresponding Currency Transaction; or 
• 
a final Daily Payment Amount has become due and payable in relation to a Corresponding Currency 
Transaction following the occurrence of consecutive Collateral Administration Suspension Days. 
Compulsory Redemption on Default 
The Trustee shall, where: 
• 
a Defaulted Obligation has occurred and is continuing in respect of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of any class (other than where an Issuer Insolvency Event or a Counterparty Event of 
Default in respect of a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty for such class has 
occurred and is continuing at such time); or 
• 
an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing; or 
• 
a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and as a result any Redemption 
Notice in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class (the affected class) issued on 
any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid pursuant to Condition 6.8(g) or 6.17(c) 
or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such affected class for a period of 30 Pricing 
Days, 
and it is so directed in writing by: 
• 
in the case of a Defaulted Obligation, Security Holders of the Relevant Exposed Classes holding not 
less than 10 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written 
notice) of Collateralised Currency Securities of such Relevant Exposed Classes as at such date; 
• 
in the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event, Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by 
Principal Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written notice) of all the 
Collateralised Currency Securities of all classes then outstanding; or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
• 
in the case of a Counterparty Event of Default, Security Holders of the Relevant Affected Classes 
holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the 
latest written notice) of Collateralised Currency Securities of those Relevant Affected Classes as at 
such date, 
subject to the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, 
give notice to the Issuer that: 
• 
in the case of a Defaulted Obligation, all of the Relevant Exposed Classes of Collateralised Currency 
Securities outstanding; 
• 
in the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of the Collateralised Currency Securities outstanding; 
• 
in the case of a Counterparty Event of Default, all of the Relevant Affected Classes of Collateralised 
Currency Securities outstanding, 
are required to be Redeemed and nominating a Pricing Day falling not less than 20 Pricing Days (or two 
Pricing Days in the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event) from the giving of such notice to be a Compulsory 
Redemption Date. 
In addition, if a CTC Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing and the Relevant Currency 
Transaction Counterparty has effectively instructed the Security Trustee to enforce the relevant 
Counterparty Collateral Pool, a Compulsory Redemption Date shall automatically occur in respect of all 
Relevant Affected Classes. 
On the occurrence of a Counterparty Event of Default or CTC Enforcement Event, the Issuer may effect a 
division of the Gross Class Collateral Pools applicable to one or more classes of Collateralised Currency 
Securities – see ‘Consolidation and Division’ below. 
Index Disruption 
If, in respect of a class of Collateralised Currency Securities, an Index Event occurs, a Disruption Event 
occurs in relation to a Corresponding Currency Transaction or an Index Provider gives notice of its intention 
to discontinue calculation and notification of the Currency Index applicable to such class, the Issuer may 
exercise its right to redeem all or some of such class of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Fall in Price relative to Principal Amount 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Collateralised Currency Security of 
a particular class by way of the submission of an Index Redemption Form will be the higher of the Principal 
Amount for that class and the Price of such Collateralised Currency Security on the applicable Pricing Day 
less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee. As each class of Collateralised 
Currency Security is a limited recourse security as described in Condition 3.2, it is in the interests of the 
Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for that class does not fall below its Principal Amount. 
The Issuer will normally aim to minimise the risk that the Price (less, in the case of the CNY Securities, any 
Additional Redemption Fee) of a class of Collateralised Currency Security would fall below its Principal 
Amount: (i) by, where necessary, seeking the sanction of Security Holders by Extraordinary Resolution to 
reduce the Principal Amount of a class of Collateralised Currency Security to a level less than its Price 
(less, in the case of the CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee); and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day 
the Price (less, in the case of the CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee) of any class of 
Collateralised Currency Security falls to 5 times the Principal Amount of such Collateralised Currency 
Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the Price (less, in the case of the CNY 
Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee) remains below such amount upon not less than two days’ 
notice by RIS announcement elect to redeem the Collateralised Currency Securities of that class. This right 
will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal Amount such that the Price 
(less, in the case of the CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee) is more than 10 times the Principal 
Amount, subject to any further fall in the Price (less, in the case of the CNY Securities, any Additional 
Redemption Fee) of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities to 5 times the revised Principal Amount 
or below. 
 
 
A17.2.2.3

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Compulsory Redemption for cause 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 Pricing Days written notice, redeem any 
Collateralised Currency Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors, 
held by Security Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their status in accordance 
with the Conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. 
General 
MSIP may terminate its appointment as a Currency Transaction Counterparty on not less than one year’s 
notice. If MSIP terminates its appointment then the Currency Transactions will expire and unless MSIP is 
replaced by a new Currency Transaction Counterparty or the Currency Transactions are transferred to 
another (existing) Currency Transaction Counterparty the Issuer will elect to redeem the outstanding 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Where a Compulsory Redemption occurs, the Collateralised Currency Securities to be redeemed will be 
priced in the normal way as set out above, but depending on the number of Collateralised Currency 
Securities to be redeemed this pricing may occur over a period of more than one day. Details of the 
circumstances in which this could occur are set out in the Conditions. 
The amount Security Holders are entitled to receive on Compulsory Redemption is always subject to the 
limited recourse provisions of Condition 3.2. On each Compulsory Redemption Date the Issuer shall 
calculate, in respect of each Collateralised Currency Security being Redeemed, the amount which the 
holder of such Collateralised Currency Security would be entitled to pursuant to Condition 3.2 after the 
Security Trustee or Trustee had realised the Class Collateral Pool for such class (the Entitlement 
Amount). To the extent that this Entitlement Amount is less than the amount otherwise payable under the 
Conditions, the Issuer’s obligation to make payment of such amount shall be satisfied by the payment of the 
Entitlement Amount and no further obligation shall arise. 
If at that time Security Holders other than Authorised Participants hold the Collateralised Currency 
Securities being redeemed, the Redemption Amount payable to those Security Holders will be paid either to 
accounts of the Issuer secured for the benefit of, among others, the Security Holders of the relevant classes 
or to the Trustee for the benefit of, among others, such Security Holders, and will be paid to those Security 
Holders by the Issuer or the Trustee. 
Consolidation and Division 
Circumstances may arise where the Issuer might wish to divide the Gross Class Collateral Pool applicable to 
a particular class of Collateralised Currency Security. 
For example, if a class of Collateralised Currency Securities (the Relevant Class) was linked to 
corresponding Currency Transactions from two or more different Currency Transaction Counterparties and 
therefore secured by separate Counterparty Collateral Pools and one of the Currency Transaction 
Counterparties (the Affected Counterparty) had either a significant credit rating downgrade or was subject 
to a Counterparty Event of Default, it may be necessary or desirable, in order to ensure that the value of 
the Collateralised Currency Securities reflects the value of the relevant Currency Index, for the 
Counterparty Collateral Pool attributable to the Affected Counterparty (the Affected CTC Collateral Pool) 
to be excluded from the assets backing the Relevant Class and transferred to a new class with 
proportionate adjustments being made to the Price of each such class. This could be effected by the Issuer 
creating and issuing to the holders of securities of the Relevant Class new Collateralised Currency Securities 
secured by the Affected CTC Collateral Pool on a one-for-one basis with the Price for each class being 
adjusted accordingly. 
A Security Holder would therefore receive, for each Collateralised Currency Security which it held of the 
Relevant Class, an additional Collateralised Currency Security of the new class and the Price of each class 
would be adjusted so that, in aggregate, they would be equal to the Price of the Relevant Class before the 
creation of the new class. For example, if the Currency Transactions from the Affected Counterparty 
comprised 30 per cent. of the Volume in respect of the Currency Transactions relating to the Relevant 
Class, then the Price of the Relevant Class following the division would be 70 per cent. of the Price prior 
to the division and the Price for the new class would be 30 per cent. of the Price prior to the division. 
However, if the Issuer does not exercise this right (and it has no obligation to do so), the Price may fall 
below the Principal Amount. The Price may, in some situations, fall to zero. In these cases, the

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Collateralised Currency Securities may become subject to Compulsory Redemption. A Security Holder 
generally has the right to receive on redemption the Principal Amount of such Collateralised Currency 
Securities. However, if the Price falls below the Principal Amount and the Issuer has insufficient assets in 
the relevant Class Collateral Pool available, the Collateralised Currency Securities may become subject to 
compulsory redemption and may be redeemed at zero. Security Holders may receive nothing on a 
compulsory redemption. 
The Issuer may also decide to exercise this right where a Currency Transaction Counterparty decides to 
enforce the Counterparty Collateral Pool relevant to such Currency Transaction Counterparty following the 
occurrence of a CTC Enforcement Event (such enforcing Currency Transaction Counterparty being the 
Affected Counterparty). 
The Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to effect either a division as described 
above or a consolidation or division of any class of Collateralised Currency Security, and need not obtain 
Listing for any such new class of Collateralised Currency Securities. The Issuer will only take such action if it 
believes it is in the interest of the affected Security Holders to do so. 
Right to Satisfy Applications and Redemptions by Transfer 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, in its discretion, elect to satisfy Application Forms and 
Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Collateralised Currency Securities to one or 
more Applicants from the Security Holder(s) seeking redemption. For this purpose, a Security Holder 
seeking redemption will be deemed to have authorised the Issuer to transfer such Security Holder’s 
Collateralised Currency Securities as are the subject of the Redemption Form to a third party, on such 
Security Holder’s behalf, provided that the amount payable by the Authorised Participant shall still be an 
amount equal to the relevant Price on the applicable Pricing Day (plus the Application Fee) and the amount 
receivable by the Security Holder shall still be the relevant Price on the applicable Pricing Day (less the 
Redemption Fee), and the relevant Redemption Payment Date will be the date of the transfer.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
11PART 5 
DESCRIPTION OF CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS 
Each class of Collateralised Currency Securities will be linked to an unfunded collateralised derivative 
contract (the “Currency Transaction”) between the Issuer and a currency transaction counterparty (the 
“Currency Transaction Counterparty”). As at the date of this Prospectus, there is only one Currency 
Transaction Counterparty – Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (“MSIP”). The Volume of any Currency 
Transaction shall reflect the number of Collateralised Currency Securities of the corresponding class 
outstanding (including those yet to be settled). Where Collateralised Currency Securities are issued or 
Redeemed the Issuer shall effect an increase or reduction in the Volume of the relevant Currency 
Transactions as described below. In order to enter into a Currency Transaction a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty must have entered into a Facility Agreement and an ISDA Master Agreement with the Issuer. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into a Facility Agreement and ISDA Master Agreement 
with MSIP. 
Creation and Closing of Currency Transactions 
Whenever Collateralised Currency Securities of a class are issued or redeemed, the Issuer will always 
effect an increase or reduction in the Volume of the Corresponding Currency Transactions in accordance with 
provisions of the relevant Facility Agreement. 
Agreed Pricing 
An Authorised Participant may agree with a Currency Transaction Counterparty a Pricing Day for (i) the 
issue or redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities and (ii) the creation or closing of the 
Corresponding Currency Transaction. Provided that the Issuer is notified of such agreement in accordance 
with the provisions of the Facility Agreement the Issuer shall effect an increase or decrease (as relevant) in 
the Volume of the Corresponding Currency Transaction on such Pricing Day by creating or closing such 
Corresponding Currency Transaction in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Facility Agreement. 
Index Pricing 
If the Issuer receives one or more valid Application Forms or Redemption Forms in respect of a class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities, the Issuer will send to the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty a 
Creation Notice or Closing Notice requesting the creation or closing, as the case may be, of the 
Corresponding Currency Transaction. The Issuer will, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Facility Agreement, contact the Currency Transaction Counterparty by telephone to seek confirmation of 
acceptance by the Currency Transaction Counterparty of such Creation Notice or Closing Notice. The 
Currency Transaction Counterparty will confirm such Creation Notice or Closing Notice provided that it 
complies with certain formalities (set out in the Facility Agreement) as to form, quantum, procedure, timing 
and substance. Following such confirmation, the Volume of the Corresponding Currency Transaction will 
increase or decrease (as relevant) on the relevant Payment Date by creating or closing such Corresponding 
Currency Transaction in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Facility Agreement. 
Elections 
Upon an Application Form being lodged for new Collateralised Currency Securities: 
• 
the Issuer will only issue new Collateralised Currency Securities if it can create a Corresponding 
Currency Transaction under the Facility Agreement; and 
• 
the Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy such Application by the transfer of the 
appropriate number and class of Collateralised Currency Securities from one or more Security 
Holders seeking redemption. In that event, to the extent of the number and class of Collateralised 
Currency Securities transferred, no Currency Transaction will be created. 
 
 
A19.2.2.12

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Volume of Currency Transactions 
The volume (Volume) of each Currency Transaction on any Pricing Day comprises in summary: 
• 
the Volume relating to corresponding settled Collateralised Currency Securities (Settled Volume); 
and 
• 
the Volume relating to corresponding unsettled Collateralised Currency Securities in respect of 
which a Creation Notice has been received but which are not yet settled (Unsettled Volume), and will 
be an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated pursuant to the Facility Agreement. 
Daily Payment Amounts 
Subject to the provisions of the Relevant ISDA Master Agreement a daily payment amount (a “Daily 
Payment Amount”) will be due under each Currency Transaction in respect of each Pricing Day 
depending on the change in the level of the relevant Currency Index since the preceding Pricing Day. 
The Daily Payment Amount for each class of Currency Transactions will be an amount in the Relevant 
Currency determined in accordance with a formula in the Relevant Facility Agreement which calculates the 
Daily Payment Amount by reference to the outstanding Volume and daily change in the value of the relevant 
Currency Index and which includes a deduction of the spread. 
If the Daily Payment Amount is: 
• 
a positive amount on any Pricing Day, the Currency Transaction Counterparty shall pay such amount 
to the Issuer; and 
• 
a negative amount on any Pricing Day, the Issuer shall pay the absolute value of such amount to the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty, 
• 
in each case, on the first Repo Day following such Pricing Day, provided that if: 
• 
at the Wire-Cut Off the funds available to the Issuer are not sufficient to pay the Daily Payment 
Amount; and 
• 
the cause of such deficiency of available funds is that monies due to be paid on such Repo Day by 
MSIP to the Issuer pursuant to the MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement have not been 
received by the Issuer by the Wire Cut-Off on such Repo Day; 
the Facility Agreement requires the Issuer to use reasonable endeavours to draw an amount under the 
Daily Payment Amount Facility which would be sufficient to allow it to make payment of such Daily Payment 
Amount. Where the Issuer determines it is unable to draw under the Daily Payment Amount Facility it shall 
be entitled to make payment of such Daily Payment Amount on the next following Repo Day. In the MSIP 
Facility Agreement MSIP has indemnified the Issuer for overnight interest actually incurred by the Issuer 
when drawing under the Daily Payment Amount Facility subject to certain conditions. 
The obligations of the Issuer and the Currency Transaction Counterparty to make such Daily Payment 
Amount shall be suspended on any Collateral Administration Suspension Day. 
Additional Closing Fee 
An additional closing fee (the MSIP Additional Closing Fee) will be payable by the Issuer to MSIP on the 
next following Repo Day (which is not a Collateral Administrator Suspension Day) where MSIP closes any 
CNY Transaction. 
The MSIP Additional Closing Fee shall be agreed between the Currency Transaction Counterparty and the 
Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement, provided that it shall not exceed an amount 
equivalent to the Price less the Principal Amount in respect of each underlying Currency Security to which 
the relevant Currency Transaction relates. 
 
 
A19.3.4.1(a)A 
 
A19.3.4.2 
A19.3.4.8 
A17.2.1.4 
A17.2.1.4

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
ISDA Master Agreements 
All Currency Transactions entered into by the Issuer and a Currency Transaction Counterparty will be 
governed by an ISDA Master Agreement. All Daily Payment Amounts due on the same day in the same 
Relevant Currency in respect of an ISDA Master Agreement shall be netted so that a single amount in the 
Relevant Currency will be payable by either the Currency Transaction Counterparty or the Issuer.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
12PART 6 
DESCRIPTION OF DAILY REPURCHASE TRANSACTIONS AND COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATION 
 
In order to limit Security Holders’ exposure to the credit risk of either the Issuer or the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, the Issuer has entered into arrangements for the provision of collateral for its obligations to 
Security Holders. In order to obtain such collateral monies received by the Issuer on the creation of 
Collateralised Currency Securities or from a Currency Transaction Counterparty are used to enter into Daily 
Repurchase Transactions with MSIP. 
Daily Repurchase Transactions 
Pursuant to the terms of the MSIP Facility Agreement, the Issuer and MSIP agree to enter into daily 
repurchase transactions governed by the MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement. 
The Issuer will enter into a Repo with MSIP on each Repo Day, being: 
(i) 
in the case of USD Repos, a day which is both a London Business Day and a New York Business 
Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro Repos, a London Business Day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
the payment of Euros; and 
(iii) 
in the case of GBP Repos, a London Business Day. 
On each Repo Day the Issuer will pay to MSIP a US Dollar amount (the USD Repo Amount), a Euro 
amount (the Euro Repo Amount) or a GBP amount (the GBP Repo Amount) in exchange for the transfer 
by MSIP of Eligible Collateral of a Value equal to or greater than the USD Repo Amount, Euro Repo Amount 
or GBP Repo Amount. On the next following Repo Day MSIP will pay back to the Issuer such USD Repo 
Amount, Euro Repo Amount or GBP Repo Amount in exchange for the transfer by the Issuer of securities 
that are equivalent to such Eligible Collateral. A new Repo will then be entered into with respect to the USD 
Repo Amount, Euro Repo Amount or GBP Repo Amount on that particular Repo Day. A USD Repo will 
always be entered into with respect to USD Collateralised Currency Securities, a Euro Repo will always be 
entered into with respect to Euro Collateralised Currency Securities and a GBP Repo will always be entered 
with respect to GBP Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The USD Repo Amount (or Euro Repo Amount or GBP Repo Amount) will be, in respect of a USD Repo (or 
Euro Repo or GBP Repo) entered into on any Repo Day (Day T), an amount in US Dollars (or Euros or 
GBP) equal to the greater of zero and the sum (the Sum) of: 
(a) 
where the USD Repo Amount (or Euro Repo Amount or GBP Repo Amount) in respect of the USD 
Repo (or Euro Repo or GBP Repo) entered into on the next preceding Repo Day (which was not 
also a Collateral Administrator Suspension Day) pursuant to a Facility Agreement: 
(i) 
was greater than zero, such USD Repo Amount (or Euro Repo Amount or GBP Repo 
Amount); and 
(ii) 
was zero, the Sum calculated in respect of such Repo Day; PLUS 
(b) 
the (positive or negative) Net Adjustment Amount, if any; PLUS 
(c) 
the (positive or negative) aggregate of each Daily Payment Amount (if any) becoming due and 
payable under each USD Currency Transaction (or Euro Currency Transaction or GBP Currency 
Transaction) on Day T provided if such aggregate amount is a positive amount, that such amount has 
been received by the Issuer by the Wire Cut-Off on Day T; PLUS 
(d) 
if the aggregate of each Daily Payment Amount which became due and payable to the Issuer under 
each USD Currency Transaction (or Euro Currency Transaction or GBP Currency Transaction) on 
the Repo Day (which is not a Collateral Administrator Suspension Day) immediately preceding Day 
T was a positive amount and the Issuer received such amount on such Repo Day but after the Wire 
Cut-Off on such Repo Day, such amount; LESS 
(e) 
an amount equal to the aggregate Management Fee Amount for Day T in respect of all outstanding 
Underlying Currency Securities to which any USD Currency Transaction (or Euro Currency 
Transaction or GBP Currency Transaction) relates, together with any such Management Fee 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.5 
A19.3.3 
A19.3.4.2 
A19.3.4.1(a)A

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Amount in respect of any other day from and excluding the immediately preceding Repo Day (which 
was not also a Collateral Administrator Suspension Day), 
and USD Repo Amount, Euro Repo Amount and GBP Repo Amount shall be defined accordingly. 
On any given day all US Dollar, Euro and GBP Amounts held by the Issuer will be applied to purchase 
securities under a Repo (other than amounts required to pay the Management Fee or which have been 
recently received in respect of an issue of, or are due to be paid in respect of a Redemption of, 
Collateralised Currency Securities). As the Repos will mature on the next following Repo Day, the Issuer 
will only be exposed to any movement in the Value of the Eligible Collateral held in respect of a Repo until 
that following Repo Day. 
The obligations of the Issuer or MSIP to make payments or deliver Eligible Collateral under the Repos shall 
be suspended on any Collateral Administrator Suspension Day. 
Eligible Collateral 
Any collateral deliverable under the Daily Repurchase Transactions must meet the eligibility criteria set 
out in the Eligible Collateral Agreement and will be valued in accordance with the terms of that agreement. 
Collateral meeting such criteria is known as “Eligible Collateral” and at the date of this Prospectus means: 
(A) 
Fixed income & money market funds 
(i) 
units or shares in government or treasury money market funds denominated in US Dollars, 
Euros or GBP rated no lower than AAA by Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw- Hill 
Companies, Inc., or any successor thereto (S&P). 
(ii) 
G10 government debt, and government debt of Austria, Australia, Denmark, Finland, 
Luxembourg, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, and Spain (provided that the country has a 
long term issuer rating not lower than “AA” by S&P or “Aa2” by Moody’s Investors Service, 
Inc., or any successor thereto (Moody’s)). 
(iii) 
Supranational bonds issued by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the 
European Investment Bank, the Council of Europe, the Asian Development Bank or the Inter-
American Development Bank with a long term issuer rating not lower than “AAA” by S&P or 
“Aaa” by Moody’s. 
(iv) 
Agencies: Unsubordinated bonds issued by the Government National Mortgage Association, 
provided that these are 100% backed by the US government. 
(B) 
Equities 
Common stock, preferred equities, American depositary receipts which form part of the indices specified in 
the Eligible Collateral Agreement and as set out on each of the Collateralised Currency Securities pages 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/-/media/eu-media-files/other- 
documents/operational/collateral/FXL-Eligible-Collateral.xls. 
As all Repos are paid back to the Issuer on the next following Repo Day, all equities held as Eligible 
Collateral will be valued each day (‘mark-to-market’) to ensure there is sufficient value held, taking into 
account the requirements and concentration limits set out below. 
The ability of the securities listed at (A) and (B) to be included as Eligible Collateral are subject to the 
following additional conditions: 
(i) 
certain types of the securities listed above will only constitute Eligible Collateral if tax 
documentation acceptable to BONY has been received from the Issuer or MSIP; 
(ii) 
securities or obligations of MSIP or an Affiliate of MSIP or guaranteed by MSIP or an Affiliate of 
MSIP shall not constitute Eligible Collateral; 
(iii) 
securities which are ex-dividend or on record date or subject to any other corporate action 
shall not constitute Eligible Collateral; 
(iv) 
securities to which the Collateral Administrator cannot ascribe a daily market value or price 
shall not constitute Eligible Collateral; 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.3.3 
A19.3.4.1(a)A 
A19.3.4.2

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(v) 
securities meeting the criteria in (A)(ii), (A)(iii) and (B) above shall only constitute Eligible 
Collateral to the extent that the value of such securities does not exceed the relevant 
jurisdiction limit (as set out in (i), (ii) and (iii) below) applicable to the jurisdiction of the relevant 
issuer or issuers, as the case may be; and 
(vi) 
securities comprising Eligible Equities shall only constitute Eligible Collateral to the extent that 
the value of such securities does not exceed any applicable issuer concentration limit (as set 
out in (iii) below). 
The following concentration limits apply to each type of Eligible Collateral: 
(i) 
in the case of any collateral falling within paragraph (A)(ii) above in the definition of “Eligible 
Collateral”, the Collateral Administrator will exclude from its calculation of the value of the 
collateral any such securities or obligations in the Collateral Account to the extent that the 
total value of all such securities or obligations (i) of any of the governments of the United 
Kingdom, Japan, Germany or France exceeds 50 per cent. of the value of the collateral or (ii) 
of any of the governments of the other countries listed in A(ii) above exceeds 25 per cent. of 
the total value of the collateral; 
(ii) 
in the case of any Collateral falling within paragraph (A)(iii) above in the definition of “Eligible 
Collateral”, the Collateral Administrator will exclude from its calculation of the value of the 
Collateral any such securities or obligations to the extent that the total value of all such 
securities or obligations issued by any issuer listed in paragraph (A)(iii) above exceeds 25 per 
cent. of the total value of the Collateral; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any Collateral falling within paragraph (B) above in the definition of “Eligible 
Collateral”, the Collateral Administrator will exclude from its calculation of the value of the 
Collateral any such Eligible Equities to the extent that (a) the total value of any Eligible Equities 
issued by one issuer represents: (i) 3.3 per cent. of the value of the collateral or $10 million 
(whichever is greater); (ii) 2.5 per cent. of the aggregate issued and outstanding share capital 
of that issuer; or (iii) 100 per cent. of the 30 day average daily volume of such Eligible Equities 
as determined by the Collateral Administrator; (b) the value of all Eligible Equities in the 
Collateral Account issued by United States issuers exceeds 75 per cent. of the value of the 
Collateral; (c) the value of all Eligible Equities issued by issuers from each of the United 
Kingdom, Japan, Germany or France exceeds 25 per cent. of the value of the Collateral; and 
(d) the value of all Eligible Equities issued by an issuer from a country other than the United 
States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Germany or France or issued by any authority or agency 
exceeds 10 per cent. of the value of the Collateral. 
For the purpose of valuing the collateral the Collateral Administrator will divide the sum of the values 
of what it determines to be the market value of each asset of a particular type by the following 
percentages: 
(i) 
for fixed income and money market funds described in paragraph (A) of the definition of 
“Eligible Collateral”, 100 per cent.; 
(ii) 
for any security or obligation falling within paragraphs (A)(ii) and (A)(iii) of the definition of 
“Eligible Collateral”, a percentage determined by the Collateral Administrator based on the 
remaining time to stated maturity of such security or obligation as follows: 
(A) 
less than five years, 100 per cent., 
(B) 
greater than or equal to five years and less than 10 years, 101 per cent. and 
(C) 
10 years or greater, 102 per cent.; 
(iii) 
for the unsubordinated bonds falling within paragraph (A)(iv) of the definition of “Eligible 
Collateral”, 102 per cent.; and 
(iv) 
for any security eligible under paragraph (B) of the definition of “Eligible Collateral” either 105 
per cent. or 110 per cent., depending on the particular index to which such Eligible Equity 
belongs.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
The Issuer shall give Security Holders at least 30 calendar days’ notice of any material change to the 
Eligible Collateral Agreement or, if the Trustee consents on the basis that such amendment is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of Security Holder, at least 5 calendar days’ notice. 
Collateral Administration 
The Issuer has in respect of its dealing with MSIP entered into a custody agreement (the Custody 
Agreement) and a collateral administration master agreement (the Collateral Administration 
Agreement) with BONY, acting as both Custodian and Collateral Administrator). Pursuant to the terms of 
the Custody Agreement and Collateral Administration Agreement: 
• 
the Issuer has established the BONY Custody Account and the Collateral Receiver Account 
(together, the BONY Accounts) and the Issuer has granted a lien in respect of each such BONY 
Account over all cash and securities in such BONY Account to secure obligations and liabilities to 
BONY under (i) the Custody Agreement or the Liquidity Facility; or (ii) the Collateral Administration 
Agreement (as applicable); 
• 
the Issuer has authorised BONY to transfer (provided BONY receives matching instructions from 
MSIP) Relevant Repo Amounts and Eligible Collateral from the Collateral Receiver Account to the 
Counterparty Account (as relevant) to satisfy the Issuer's obligations under the MSIP Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement; 
• 
in accordance with the terms of a supplemental agreement to the Collateral Administration 
Agreement between the Issuer and BONY dated 3 October 2018 (the “Supplemental Agreement”), 
the Issuer has authorised and instructed BONY to pair certain New Deals with Maturing Deals (each 
as defined in the Supplemental Agreement) to optimize collateral administration services on the 
terms set out in the Supplemental Agreement; 
• 
the Issuer shall procure that any Custodian and/or Account Bank shall; (i) not have or seek to 
exercise any rights of set-off, consolidation or combination between any of the Relevant Issuer 
Accounts (and any other account(s) or any other rights or obligations owed by or to the Issuer); and 
(ii) shall not have or seek to exercise any right to use, reuse or rehypothecate any Eligible Collateral 
(other than cash) held in such Relevant Issuer Account or to otherwise transfer or appropriate any 
such asset; 
• 
BONY shall determine whether any securities transferred from the Counterparty Account to the 
Collateral Receiver Account constitute Eligible Collateral; 
• 
the Issuer has indemnified BONY, subject to the limited recourse provisions, against losses incurred 
by BONY in respect of the Custody Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement; 
• 
the Custody Agreement is expressed to provide that neither BONY nor certain affiliates or sub- 
custodians of BONY shall be liable for certain specified losses and further that BONY shall not be 
liable for any other losses in the absence of fraud, wilful default or negligence by it or certain nominee 
companies. The Collateral Administration Agreement is expressed to provide that BONY shall not be 
liable for certain losses resulting from its action or inaction in connection with that agreement in the 
absence of negligence, fraud or wilful default of BONY or certain affiliated companies of BONY. 
MSIP, as Currency Transaction Counterparty, has also entered into corresponding collateral management 
arrangements with the Collateral Administrator and has established a corresponding custody account for 
the purposes of the MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement (the Counterparty Account). 
A19.3.8(b)C

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
13PART 7 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITY 
The Issuer shall enter into a Security Deed with the Security Trustee in respect of each Currency 
Transaction Counterparty (a Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty). Each Security Deed will 
secure the Secured Liabilities for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Secured Parties include (i) the 
holders (Relevant Security Holders) of each class of Collateralised Currency Securities in respect of 
which the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty is a Currency Transaction Counterparty (Relevant 
Securities) and (ii) the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
As at the date of this Prospectus the Issuer has entered into one Security Deed in respect of MSIP.  
Each Security Deed will contain, inter alia, provisions to the following effect: 
Assignment and Charge 
The Issuer as continuing security for the payment of its liabilities to, among others, the Relevant Security 
Holders, and the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty will: 
• 
assign to the Security Trustee by way of security its interests under the Relevant Facility Agreement, 
Relevant ISDA Master Agreement (after the exercise of and subject to the close out netting and set 
off rights), Relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement (after the exercise of and subject to the 
close out netting and set off rights), Collateral Administration Agreement, Custody Agreement and 
each Relevant Authorised Participant Agreement (together, the Assigned Agreements); 
• 
charge to the Security Trustee by way of first fixed and floating charge its interest in (i) the Assigned 
Agreements (after the exercise of and subject to the netting and set-off rights therein) and (ii) any 
Relevant Issuer Account and all of its rights, title and interest in any securities held in or cash 
balances standing to the credit of such Relevant Issuer Account. 
Although the charge in each Security Deed is expressed to take effect as a fixed charge investors should 
have regard to the Risk Factor under the heading Characterisation of the Security in the section headed 
Risk Factors. 
Declaration of Trust 
The Security Trustee will hold all the property secured pursuant to the Security Deed on trust for and on 
behalf of the Secured Parties. 
Enforcement 
The security created by such Security Deed shall constitute a Counterparty Collateral Pool and shall 
become enforceable by the Security Trustee if: 
• 
a Defaulted Obligation (other than where an Issuer Insolvency Event or a Counterparty Event of 
Default in respect of a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty for a class of Relevant 
Securities, has occurred and is continuing at such time), in respect of which one or more classes of 
Relevant Securities is a Relevant Exposed Class, has occurred and is continuing; 
• 
a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Relevant 
Currency Transaction Counterparty and, as a result, any Redemption Notice in respect of Relevant 
Securities of any class issued on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid 
pursuant to Condition 6.8(g) or 6.17(c) or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such 
class for a period of 30 Pricing Days; 
• 
an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing; or 
• 
a CTC Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.3.4.2

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
The Security Trustee shall in respect of any Counterparty Collateral Pool take such proceedings and/or 
other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer or any other person to enforce the 
Counterparty Collateral Pool: 
(a) 
if a Defaulted Obligation (other than where an Issuer Insolvency Event or a Counterparty Event of 
Default in respect of a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty for a class of Relevant 
Securities, has occurred and is continuing at such time) in respect of which one or more classes of 
Relevant Securities is a Relevant Exposed Class has occurred and is continuing and it is so directed 
in writing by the Trustee acting in accordance with the Trust Instrument; 
(b) 
if a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Relevant 
Currency Transaction Counterparty and, as a result, any Redemption Notice in respect of Relevant 
Securities of any class issued on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid 
pursuant to Condition 6.8(g) or 6.17(c) or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such 
class for a period of 30 Pricing Days and it is so directed in writing by the Trustee acting in 
accordance with the Trust Instrument; 
(c) 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing and is so directed in writing by the 
Trustee acting in accordance with the Trust Instrument; or 
(d) 
if a CTC Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing and is so directed in writing by the 
Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty, 
but in each case subject to: 
(i) 
in the case of (a), (b) and (c) above, a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of the Relevant 
Securities having been set pursuant to Condition 7.2; and 
(ii) 
the Security Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing. 
Priority Waterfall 
In the event that the Security Trustee is required to enforce the security constituting a Counterparty 
Collateral Pool, it shall apply any monies received by it as a result of such realisation in accordance with the 
following Priority Waterfall: 
(a) 
FIRST in payment of all amounts then due to the Security Trustee and the Trustee and unpaid 
(including to any attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person appointed by either of 
them) in respect of each class to which such Counterparty Collateral Pool is relevant under the terms 
of the Security Deed and the Trust Instrument (as determined by the Security Trustee in its absolute 
discretion), and to payment of any remuneration and expenses of any receiver and the costs of 
realisation of the security constituted by the Security Deed then unpaid, (for the avoidance of doubt, 
excluding any Redemption Amounts owed to the Trustee under the Trust Instrument); 
(b) 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or discharge of all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to 
the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty under the Relevant Facility Agreement, Relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement or Relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement; 
(c) 
THIRDLY in or towards payment of all amounts then due and unpaid in respect of the Relevant 
Securities on a pro rata basis as provided below; 
(d) 
FOURTHLY in or towards payment or performance of all amounts then due and unpaid by the Issuer 
under the Services Agreement to ManJer (or any Affiliate of the Issuer with which the Issuer has 
entered into a Services Agreement); 
(e) 
FIFTHLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to or liability in respect to, 
any question as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with as between the Issuer and 
any other person).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Pro Rata Basis 
The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Instrument in favour of the Trustee and will covenant in each 
Security Deed in favour of each Security Trustee that on any Compulsory Redemption Date it will calculate 
the proportionate entitlement of each class of Collateralised Currency Securities to payments from the 
proceeds of the assets in the relevant Counterparty Collateral Pool as at the Compulsory Redemption Date 
for such class (based on the proportion of Volume and Daily Payment Amount attributable to each class of 
Corresponding Currency Transactions with such Currency Transaction Counterparty). 
Governing Law 
The Security Deeds shall be governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deeds, nothing prevents the Security Trustee 
from commencing proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. 
Notice of Security and related matters 
In order to ensure that BONY, when operating the Custody Account or the Collateral Receiver Account 
recognises the security that has been granted under the Security Deed in respect of the Counterparty 
Collateral Pool relating to MSIP: (a) the Issuer has notified BONY of the security in writing; (b) the Issuer, 
BONY, MSIP and the Security Trustee have entered into an agreement restricting BONY’s ability to make 
cash payments from the Custody Account or the Collateral Receiver Account in circumstances inconsistent 
with the Issuer’s covenants under the Security Deed; (c) the Issuer’s grant of the security interest is 
expressly acknowledged in the Custody Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement with 
provision made under those contracts for BONY to act on the instructions of the Security Trustee enforcing 
the security. 
In addition, the Issuer covenants with the Security Trustee (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) that it 
shall only use securities or amounts credited to the Custody Account and/or Collateral Receiver Account in 
the manner set out in Condition 13.3 (Accounts, Security and Application of Moneys). 
A19.2.2.1 
A19.2.2.5

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
14PART 8 
SUMMARY OF TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
This section summarises the key provisions of the main transaction documents. This summary is drafted in 
legal language as it includes provisions from legal agreements. Information on how the terms of these 
agreements apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus, including Part 1 and Part 
4. 
MSIP Facility Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an English law governed Facility Agreement with MSIP under which, subject 
to the provisions thereof: 
• 
the Issuer can create and close on a continuous basis, subject to the Creation Limits and the 
Redemption Limits and certain other conditions, any class of Currency Transaction; and 
• 
the Issuer and MSIP agree to enter into a Euro Repo, a USD Repo and a GBP Repo on each Repo 
Day. 
The MSIP Facility Agreement has been in place since 5 November 2009 (the Effective Date), as more 
fully described below. The Issuer hopes to procure an increase in the total Volume of Currency Transactions 
available from MSIP, and also to extend the term of the agreement, in the event that demand for Collateralised 
Currency Securities necessitates such additional capacity. 
Compulsory Closing of Currency Transactions 
A compulsory closing date (Compulsory Closing Date) will occur (or be deemed to occur) in respect of any 
or all classes of Currency Transactions where: 
• 
MSIP gives not less than one year’s notice on or after the date which is four and a half years after the 
Effective Date of a Compulsory Closing Date in respect of all Currency Transactions; 
• 
the Issuer gives at least 30 days’ notice of a Compulsory Closing Date in respect of any class of 
Currency Transaction where all Collateralised Currency Securities of such class are to be 
Redeemed; 
• 
the Issuer gives at least 2 days’ notice of a Compulsory Closing Date in respect of any class of 
Currency Transaction where all Collateralised Currency Securities of such class are to be Redeemed 
pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Compulsory Redemption on a fall in the Price relative to the Principal 
Amount); 
• 
an Early Termination Date occurs or is designated by either MSIP or the Issuer in respect of one or 
more classes of Currency Transaction pursuant to the terms of the ISDA Master Agreement. 
Where notice of a Compulsory Closing Date has been given: 
• 
no Currency Transaction of the relevant class may be created on or after the date on which notice of 
such Compulsory Closing Date is received by the other party; 
• 
no further Closing Notices may be given in respect of the relevant class of Currency Transaction 
after the date on which notice of such Compulsory Closing Date is received by the other party; 
• 
all existing Currency Transactions of the relevant class or classes will be closed from the Compulsory 
Closing Date. 
Discontinuance of Repos 
The Issuer and MSIP agree that on and from the earlier of the occurrence of an Event of Default under the 
MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement or the occurrence of an Early Termination Date in respect of 
all (but not some only) Currency Transactions, no further Repos shall automatically be entered into under the 
Facility Agreement. 
 
 
A19.2.2.1

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Termination 
The MSIP Facility Agreement shall terminate following payment or satisfaction in full by both the Issuer 
and MSIP of all amounts owed in respect of all Currency Transactions closed following a Compulsory 
Closing Date in respect of all classes, and satisfaction in full of all obligations owed in respect of Repos 
entered into under the MSIP Facility Agreement and all other obligations owed under the MSIP Facility 
Agreement. 
Amendments 
MSIP may elect to amend the MSIP Facility Agreement if the Issuer enters into a Facility Agreement with 
another Currency Transaction Counterparty to substantially conform the MSIP Facility Agreement to that new 
Facility Agreement and for this purpose the consent of the Trustee will not be required. 
MSIP ISDA Master Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an English law governed 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and schedule thereto with 
MSIP. The MSIP ISDA Master Agreement will govern each Currency Transaction entered into pursuant to 
the MSIP Facility Agreement. The economic terms will be set out in a Master Confirmation Agreement, as 
supplemented by a transactions confirmation supplement for each Currency Transaction. 
Events of Defaults and Termination Events 
The occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination Event under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement would 
allow the non-defaulting or non-affected party to terminate the Currency Transactions governed by the 
MSIP ISDA Master Agreement. 
The Events of Default in Sections 5(a)(i) to (viii) and Termination Events in Sections 5(b)(i) to (v) of the 
standard form ISDA Master Agreement apply to both the Issuer and MSIP; provided that, with respect to 
New Class Securities only, the force majeure Termination Event has been amended so that it refers to the 
New York office of MSIP and will be triggered by a force majeure event in New York. In addition, an Event 
of Default in respect of either the Issuer or MSIP under the Global Master Repurchase Agreement shall be 
an Event of Default under the ISDA Master Agreement. 
Certain Additional Termination Events apply in respect of the Issuer, including: 
• 
If there is a breach by the Issuer of its obligations under certain provisions of the MSIP Facility 
Agreement and MSIP gives the Issuer written notice of such breach and it is not (where capable of 
remedy) remedied within 10 calendar days; 
• 
If the terms of the MSIP Security Deed are amended in any way without the consent of MSIP and 
such amendment has an adverse effect on MSIP’s position in the Priority Waterfall; and 
• 
If the Issuer disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of the MSIP 
Facility Agreement or MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement. 
In addition, there are provisions which provide for the automatic occurrence of an Early Termination Date 
where the Security Trustee has been instructed to take enforcement action against the Counterparty 
Collateral Pool applicable to MSIP. 
MSIP’s option to provide collateral on Downgrade 
If at any time the long term senior debt credit rating of MSIP ceases to be at least BBB- from Standard & 
Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (or any successor to the ratings 
business thereof), and at least Baa3 from Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any successor to the ratings 
business thereof) then MSIP may at its discretion within 10 days of such downgrade agree and execute an 
ISDA Credit Support Annex (Subject to English Law – Unilateral Form – Transfer) such that MSIP will post 
collateral of a similar credit quality to the Eligible Collateral up to a maximum of 5 per cent. of the then 
outstanding Volume of all Transactions on the Pricing Day falling immediately prior to the relevant day on 
which collateral is being posted. Where MSIP does not agree and execute an ISDA Credit Support Annex as 
described, the Issuer may designate an Early Termination Date in respect of which MSIP shall be the sole 
Affected Party. 
A19.2.2.1 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.3.3. 
A19.3.4.2

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Payment Netting 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting is applicable to the ISDA Master Agreement and therefore all Daily 
Payments due on any day in the same Relevant Currency shall be netted so that a single amount in US 
Dollars, a single amount in Euros and a single amount in GBP will be payable by either MSIP or the Issuer 
on such day. 
Master Confirmation Agreement 
As of the Effective Date, the Issuer has entered into an English law governed Master Confirmation 
Agreement with MSIP for the purpose of facilitating the process of entering into and confirming Currency 
Transactions. 
Priority 
In the event of any inconsistency between the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement (including the Master 
Confirmation Agreement) and the Facility Agreement the terms of the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement 
(including the Master Confirmation Agreement) shall prevail save that in the case of a conflict between any 
relevant transactions confirmation supplement issued under the Master Confirmation Agreement and the 
corresponding valid Pricing Notice issued in accordance with the MSIP Facility Agreement as to the 
economic terms of the relevant Currency Transaction, such valid Pricing Notice shall prevail. 
Calculation Agent 
MSIP shall act as calculation agent in respect of the Currency Transactions. 
Hedging Disruption/Change of Law Termination 
If a Hedging Disruption/Change of Law occurs in respect of a Currency Transaction on any Pricing Day, 
MSIP shall notify the Issuer. The Daily Payment Amount determined by MSIP in respect of such Pricing 
Day shall be the final Daily Payment Amount payable in respect of such Currency Transaction and each 
party will be discharged from all obligations for payment of any further Daily Payment Amounts in respect of 
such Currency Transaction. 
Hedging Disruption/Change of Law shall have the meaning given to such term in the Master Confirmation 
Agreement but shall include: 
• 
any change of law or its interpretation that results in it being impossible or impracticable for MSIP to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any hedge position relating to the Currency Transaction or such change 
in law results in it being impossible or impracticable to convert a Currency (other than a Non-
Deliverable Currency) into USD, EURO or GBP, as applicable; 
• 
where MSIP determines it is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to acquire, maintain 
or dispose of any hedge position relating to the Currency Transaction or realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or hedge position; 
• 
where there is a change of law which would result in MSIP incurring a materially increased cost in 
relation to a Currency Transaction and the Issuer does not agree to MSIP’s proposal to restructure the 
Currency Transaction to take account of such increased cost. 
Additional Disruption 
If an Additional Disruption occurs for a period of 5 consecutive Index Business Days a final Daily Payment 
Amount will become payable in respect of such Currency Transaction and each party will be discharged 
from all obligations for payment of any further Daily Payment Amounts in respect of such Currency 
Transaction. Such final Daily Payment Amount shall be calculated by MSIP in accordance with the 
provisions of the Master Confirmation Agreement no later than 30 Index Business Days after such 
Additional Disruption occurred. 
Additional Disruption shall have the meaning given to such term in the Master Confirmation Agreement but 
shall include: 
• 
the occurrence of an Index Event; 
A17.2.2.4 
 
A17.2.2.4

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
• 
where the Currency Index is not published or MSIP determines that the level of the Currency Index 
published is manifestly incorrect; or 
• 
where MSIP determines that the Pricing Day is either: (i) an unscheduled holiday in the financial 
centre of the Currency; or (ii) in the case of a Currency Transaction relating to the same Currency 
Indices as a New Class Security, a day on which MSIP determines in good faith that due to a force 
majeure event in one of certain named financial centres it is unable to acquire, maintain or dispose of 
any hedge position relating to the Currency Transaction or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of a 
hedge position. 
Collateral Administrator Suspension 
If: 
• 
five consecutive Repo Days are also Collateral Administration Suspension Days; or 
• 
the Collateral Administrator suffers an insolvency event and either the Issuer or MSIP gives notice, 
then a final Daily Payment Amount (calculated by the Calculation Agent) will become payable in respect all 
Currency Transactions and each party will be discharged from all obligations for payment of any further Daily 
Payment Amounts in respect of such Currency Transactions. 
Collateral Administration Suspension Day is defined in the MSIP Facility Agreement as a day on which the 
Collateral Administrator fails to perform any of the Core Functions it is required to perform on that day 
under the Collateral Administration Agreement or the Custody Agreement or a day in respect of which the 
Collateral Administrator notifies the Issuer or MSIP that the Collateral Administrator would be unable to 
perform any such Core Function. 
Core Function is defined in the MSIP Facility Agreement as, in respect of any day, the effecting of any 
payment of cash or transfer of Eligible Collateral or equivalent Eligible Collateral to or from the BONY 
Accounts where such payment or transfer is scheduled to be made on such day by the Issuer to MSIP or 
by MSIP to the Issuer under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement or the MSIP Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement and to discharge the obligation of the Issuer or MSIP to make any such payment or transfer 
under any such agreement. 
MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an English law governed 2000 TBMA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement and the annexes and confirmations thereto with MSIP. 
The MSIP Global Master Repurchase Agreement shall govern each Repo automatically entered into by the 
Issuer and MSIP pursuant to the MSIP Facility Agreement. 
No Gross Up 
All income payments due to or to be made by the Issuer under the Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
shall be made subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes or duties and the Issuer 
shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect thereof. 
Events of Default 
The Events of Default in paragraph 10(a) of the standard form Global Master Repurchase Agreement apply 
to both the Issuer and MSIP. The occurrence of an Event of Default or certain Termination Events (including 
Additional Termination Events) in respect of a party under the ISDA Master Agreement shall also be an 
Event of Default under the Global Master Repurchase Agreement. 
Collateral Administration Agreement 
The Issuer and BONY have entered into an English law governed collateral administration master 
agreement (the Collateral Administration Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral 
Administration Agreement: 
• 
the Issuer has established a collateral receiver account with BONY (the Collateral Receiver 
Account); 
A17.2.2.4 
A19.2.2.1 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.3.4.2 
A19.3.8(a)A 
A19.2.2. 
A19.2.2 
A19.2.2 
A19.3.4.2 
A19.3.8(a)A

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
• 
the Issuer has granted a lien over all cash and securities in the Collateral Receiver Account to secure 
any obligations to BONY under the Collateral Administration Agreement; 
• 
the Issuer has authorized and instructed BONY to optimise collateral administration services on the 
terms set out in the Supplemental Agreement; 
• 
the Issuer has authorised BONY to deliver and take delivery of all Eligible Collateral and cash 
transferred in respect of the Repos entered into under the MSIP Facility Agreement provided that the 
Issuer and MSIP provide BONY with matching instructions for such transfers; 
• 
BONY has acknowledged that the Collateral Receiver Account is intended to be ring-fenced from 
other accounts the Issuer holds with BONY and agrees that it has no right to and shall not purport to 
seek to combine, consolidate or merge the Collateral Receiver Account with any other account or any 
other liabilities to BONY or set-off from or transfer any cash in any currency in the Collateral Receiver 
Account against any liability of the Issuer to BONY other than liabilities incurred to BONY in respect of 
the Collateral Receiver Account; 
• 
the Issuer has indemnified BONY, subject to the limited recourse provisions, on demand for any 
taxes it may be liable for in respect of any Repos and certain losses that BONY may incur when 
carrying out its functions under the Collateral Administration Agreement; 
• 
the Collateral Administration Agreement is expressed to provide that BONY shall not be liable for 
certain losses resulting from its action or inaction in connection with that agreement other than such 
losses arising out of the negligence, fraud or wilful default of BONY or certain affiliated companies 
of BONY. 
Custody Agreement 
The Issuer, ETFSL and BONY have entered into an English law governed custody agreement (the 
Custody Agreement). As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer and ETFSL are seeking the novation of 
such Custody Agreement to transfer the rights and obligations of ETFSL to ManJer. Pursuant to the terms 
of the Custody Agreement: 
• 
the Issuer has established with BONY a custody account comprising of a securities account for 
custody and safekeeping and one or more cash accounts (the BONY Custody Account); 
• 
the Issuer has granted a lien over all cash and securities in the BONY Custody Account to secure any 
obligations to BONY under the Custody Agreement or under the Liquidity Facility; 
• 
BONY has acknowledged that the BONY Custody Account is intended to be ring-fenced from other 
accounts the Issuer holds with BONY and that it has no right to and shall not purport to seek to 
combine, consolidate or merge the BONY Custody Account with any other account or any other 
liabilities to BONY or set-off from or transfer any cash in any currency in the BONY Custody Account 
against any liability of the Issuer to BONY other than liabilities incurred to BONY in respect of the BONY 
Custody Account; 
• 
the Issuer has indemnified BONY, subject to the limited recourse provisions, against losses incurred 
by BONY in respect of the Custody Agreement; 
• 
the Custody Agreement is expressed to provide that neither BONY nor certain affiliates or sub- 
custodians of BONY shall be liable for certain specified losses and further that BONY shall not be 
liable for any other losses in the absence of fraud, wilful default or negligence by it or by certain 
nominee companies. 
Trust Instrument 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a Jersey law governed trust instrument in respect of the 
Programme (the Trust Instrument). 
Each class of Collateralised Currency Securities is constituted by the Trust Instrument and secured by the 
relevant Security Deeds. The Trust Instrument also contains the Conditions of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities, provisions for the appointment, remuneration, indemnification and removal of the  Trustee, 
A19.2.2.1 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.3.4.2

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
covenants of the Issuer, provisions relating to enforcement of the rights of holders of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities and the powers and duties of the Trustee. 
Security Deed 
The Issuer has entered into an English law governed Security Deed with the Security Trustee, the Trustee, 
MSIP and ManJer in order to constitute a Counterparty Collateral Pool in respect of MSIP. The principal 
terms of the Security Deed are set out in Part 7 (Description of Security) and the Issuer has granted security 
over the BONY Accounts. 
Authorised Participant Agreements 
As at the date of this document the Issuer and ManJer have entered into English law governed Authorised 
Participant Agreements, as amended, with Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc., ABN AMRO Clearing 
Bank N.V., Jane Street Financial Limited, Merrill Lynch International, Susquehanna International Securities 
Limited, Virtu Financial Ireland Limited, Optiver VOF, Deutsche Bank AG, acting through its London Branch 
and Knight Capital Europe Limited. As at the date of this prospectus the Issuer and ETFSL have entered into 
English law governed Authorised Participant Agreements, as amended, between Deutsche Bank AG, 
acting through its London Branch and KCG Europe Limited. As at the date of this prospectus, the Issuer 
and ETFSL are seeking the novation of such Authorised Participant Agreement to transfer the rights and 
obligations of ETFSL to ManJer. 
Pursuant to the terms of the existing Authorised Participant Agreements referred to in the previous 
paragraph, the Issuer appoints each Authorised Participant and authorises it to require the issue and 
redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities. In addition each Authorised Participant represents, 
warrants and undertakes to the Issuer that, inter alia: 
(a) 
neither it nor any of its Affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of the Authorised Participant or 
any of its Affiliates): 
(i) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will offer or sell Collateralised Currency Securities within the 
United States, to a US Person, to a Prohibited U.S. Person or a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor, whether before, on or after the relevant Application date; or 
(ii) 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” with respect to Collateralised 
Currency Securities. 
Terms used in this paragraph (a) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act of 1933 of the United States. 
(b) 
in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (each a “Relevant Member State”, that with effect from and including the date 
on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant 
Implementation Date”) it has not made and will not make an offer of Collateralised Currency 
Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may, with effect from and 
including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Collateralised Currency Securities to 
the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Collateralised Currency Securities specify that an offer of 
those Collateralised Currency Securities may be made other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of 
the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Collateralised Currency Securities which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance 
with the Prospectus Directive or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance 
with the Prospectus Directive, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non- exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Directive, during the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and provided further that FXL has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus 
Directive; 
A19.2.2.1 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.3.4.2 
A14.5.2.1 
 
A19.2.2.1 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.3.4.2

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 100, or if the Relevant Member State has implemented the relevant 
provision of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive); or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive; 
For the purposes of this provision an “offer of Collateralised Currency Securities to the public” in 
relation to any Collateralised Currency Securities in any Relevant Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Collateralised Currency Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for Collateralised Currency Securities, as the same may be varied in that Relevant 
Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member 
State, the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto 
including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the Relevant Member State) 
and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State and the 
expression “2010 PD Amending Directive” means Directive 2010/73/EU; 
(c) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Collateralised 
Currency Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer 
or any Affiliate of the Issuer; 
(d) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the United Kingdom 
financial services regime (including, without limitation, the obligation to treat customers fairly) with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Collateralised Currency Securities in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom; 
(e) 
it will not offer or sell any Collateralised Currency Securities to, and will not conduct any offers, selling 
efforts, promotions, marketing, advertising or other related activities in respect of any Collateralised 
Currency Securities in a manner that could denote, hold out or suggest that Collateralised Currency 
Securities may be suitable for investment by, any persons other than sophisticated, professional or 
institutional investors (it being agreed that the publication of this Prospectus in accordance with the 
provisions of the Authorised Participant Agreement and acts done for the purpose of compliance 
with listing rules, prospectus rules or disclosure and transparency rules in respect thereof, shall not 
of themselves be regarded as a breach of this undertaking); 
(f) 
that it will not offer or sell any Collateralised Currency Securities to persons resident for income tax 
purposes in Jersey (other than financial institutions in the normal course of business). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Collateralised Currency Securities and on the distribution of this 
Prospectus are set out in Part 14 (Additional Information) below. 
The Authorised Participant Agreements may be terminated by either party thereto at any time upon thirty 
days’ prior written notice to the other party. 
Services Agreement 
The Issuer and ManJer have entered into a Jersey law governed Services Agreement (the Services 
Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Services Agreement, ManJer undertakes to provide or procure the 
provision of, at its own expense, services required by the Issuer in connection with its obligations under 
certain Transaction Documents. In consideration for such services the Issuer shall pay ManJer the 
Management Fee and a Processing Fee. ManJer has delegated to WisdomTree UK Limited (formerly (ETF 
Securities (UK) Limited), an affiliate company registered in England and Wales with registered number 
7443535 and whose registered office is at 4th Floor, 3 Lombard Street, London, EC3V 9AA, certain of its 
duties and functions under the Services Agreement, including the provision of additional marketing and 
back-office support functions. 
In relation to amounts expressed to be payable (and not paid) by the Issuer under the Services Agreement 
and any interest thereon, ManJer’s recourse is limited to its rights under the security arrangements.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Registrar Agreement 
The Issuer, the Registrar and the Trustee have entered into the Registrar Agreement dated 31 December 
2012. Pursuant to the Registrar Agreement the Registrar is responsible for supplying or procuring the 
supply of certain registrar services, including the provision of a registration and transfer office, to the Issuer 
as set out in Schedule 1 of the Registrar Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay the Registrar 
a fee. The Registrar may, with the Issuer’s approval delegate certain of its duties or functions under the 
Registrar Agreement. 
The Registrar and its officers and employees will not be liable to the Issuer for any direct damages, loss, 
costs, claims or expenses (“Loss”) sustained by the Issuer or in respect of any matter relating to the 
Register as a result of loss, delay, mis-delivery, or error in transmission of any cable, telex, telefax or 
telegraphic communication, or if any document accepted by the Registrar shall later prove to be forged or 
otherwise defective or erroneous (except in respect of any Loss incurred by the Issuer as a result of the 
fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence of the Registrar). 
The Registrar will not be liable to the Issuer in respect of any loss, liability, claim, cost, expense (including 
legal expenses) or damage suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of the discharge of its duties and 
obligations under the Registrar Agreement, save where such loss, liability, claim, cost, expense or damage 
is suffered or incurred as a result of its fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence. 
The aggregate liability of the Registrar to the Issuer over any 12 month period, howsoever any such liability 
arises, shall in no circumstances whatsoever exceed twice the amount of the fees payable by the Issuer 
to the Registrar in any 12 month period. 
The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of the 
operation, failure, interruption or suspension of or changes to all or any part of the CREST Service (as 
defined in the Registrar Agreement) by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or as a result of any timetable 
changes in connection with the provision of the CREST Service by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. The 
Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of any acts or 
omissions of the Registrar that the Registrar reasonably considers are required in order for it to comply with 
the CREST Requirements (as defined in the Registrar Agreement). 
Administration Agreement 
The Issuer and the Administrator have entered into the Administration Agreement dated 31 December 
2012 whereby R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of 
certain administrative, company secretarial and registrar services to the Issuer as set out in Schedule 1 of the 
Administration Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited a 
fee. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited may, with the prior approval of the Issuer, delegate in whole or in part 
the discharge of any of its duties or functions and the exercise of any powers and discretion under the 
Administration Agreement. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is not liable to the Issuer for any error of judgement or for any loss 
suffered by the Issuer in connection with the subject of the Administration Agreement unless such loss 
arises from fraud, bad faith, wilful default or negligence in the performance or non-performance by R&H 
Fund Services (Jersey) Limited or persons designated by it of its obligations or duties and in particular (but 
without limitation) will not be liable as a result of any loss, delay, mis-delivery or error in transmission of any 
cable or telegraphic communication or as a result of acting upon any forged transfer or request for 
redemption of any securities in the Issuer.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
15PART 9 
THE PROGRAMME 
Overview of the Programme 
Collateralised Currency Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to 
Authorised Participants. Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or requiring the 
Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities (except that a Security Holder who is not an Authorised 
Participant may request redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities which it holds in the event that 
at that time there are no Authorised Participants or as may be announced by the Issuer from time to time 
in accordance with the Conditions, and such Security Holder submits a valid Redemption Form). 
Passporting 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authority in Germany, the 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), the 
competent authority in the Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Netherlands Authority for the 
Financial Markets), the competent authority in France, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (France 
Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), the competent authority in Denmark, the Finanstilsynet (Financial 
Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Luxembourg (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier) the competent authority in Spain, the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish 
Securities Market Commission), the competent authority in Sweden, Finansinspektionen (Swedish 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority), 
the 
competent 
authority 
in 
Austria, 
the 
Österreichische 
Finanzmarktaufsicht (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent authority in Finland, the 
Finanssivalvonta (Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Belgium, the Autorité 
des Services et Marchés Financiers (the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority), the competent 
authority in Norway, the Finanstilsynet (Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority) and the competent authority 
in Poland, the KNF Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego with certificates of approval attesting that this Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in certain other EEA Member 
States with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or 
for admission to trading of all or any Collateralised Currency Securities on a regulated market therein or 
both. 
Listings 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Collateralised Currency Securities issued during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be 
aware there is no trading facility for the Collateralised Currency Securities there. 
Application will be made to the FCA for all Collateralised Currency Securities issued within 12 months of the 
date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock Exchange, for all such 
Collateralised Currency Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market (being part of the London 
Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market). 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not 
offers under the Prospectus Regulation or admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to 
trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Transparency Directive 
The Issuer announced on or about 4 January 2021 by RIS announcement that it had elected Ireand as its 
Home Member State for the purposes of Directive 2013/50/EU (the “Transparency Directive”).

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Procedure for Application 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application for Collateralised Currency Securities. An 
Authorised Participant who wishes to apply for Collateralised Currency Securities should complete the 
Application Form in accordance with the instructions thereon and send it to the Registrar. 
As described under the heading “Applications and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 (Description of 
Collateralised Currency Securities), the Issuer has implemented the System for enabling Authorised 
Participants to make applications and request redemptions by means of a secure website in substitution for 
the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions 
for the purposes of such applications and redemptions. It is expected that all applications will be made and 
all redemptions will be requested using this system. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Collateralised Currency Securities in Certificated Form, 
certificates in respect of the Collateralised Currency Securities will be dispatched within 10 Business Days 
of the Collateralised Currency Securities being issued. For those Applicants who desire to hold their 
Collateralised Currency Securities in Uncertificated Form, the relevant CREST account will be credited on 
the day on which the Collateralised Currency Securities are issued against payment. The Issuer considers 
it preferable that Collateralised Currency Securities be held in Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any 
other provision in this document, the Issuer reserves the right to issue any Collateralised Currency 
Securities in Certificated Form. In normal circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the event 
of any interruption, failure or breakdown of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on the part of the facilities 
and/or systems operated by the Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may also be exercised if 
the correct details (such as participant ID and member account details) are not provided as requested on 
the Application Form. No temporary documents of title will be issued and, pending despatch of security 
certificates, transfers will be certified against the register. 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, the 
Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
1 
it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
2 
no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for any 
information or representation not contained in this document; 
3 
it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; 
4 
it understands that Collateralised Currency Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer alone; and 
5 
it understands that the obligations of the Issuer under Collateralised Currency Securities are not 
guaranteed by the Trustee, Security Trustee, ManJer or any Affiliate of the Issuer, MS&CO, MSIP or 
any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group or any other Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
Further details on the Application Process are set out under the heading Applications and Redemptions 
in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
Subscription for Collateralised Currency Securities 
All Application Moneys for Collateralised Currency Securities must be paid through CREST in accordance 
with the procedures set out in the Application Form. 
Collateralised Currency Securities in respect of which the Application has been made will not be issued 
unless the Issuer can effect an increase in the Volume of the Currency Transaction corresponding to such 
Application in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Facility Agreement. 
Settlement 
CREST, Euroclear and ESES 
 
A14.5.1.1 
A14.5.2.1 
A14.5.1.2

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in, and the Collateralised Currency Securities are participating securities 
in CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities (including debt 
securities) to be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such securities 
electronically with effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, to the extent that the Collateralised 
Currency Securities are issued in Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions in the Collateralised 
Currency Securities will take place within the CREST system. 
ESES is an integrated settlement platform, managed by Euroclear, enabling market participants in the 
Euronext markets of Belgium, France and the Netherlands to process all fixed-income, equity and other 
domestic securities transactions with the same platform. With ESES, cross-border transactions between 
counterparties in Belgium, France and the Netherlands are processed as domestic transactions. As a 
result, Euroclear is eliminating in those ESES markets the complexities, risks and excess costs of specific 
cross-border transactions. 
Settlement and Delivery on NYSE Euronext Amsterdam 
All Collateralised Currency Securities traded on Euronext Amsterdam will be executed on the single order 
book held at NYSE Euronext Amsterdam and recorded in the Register in the name of Euroclear Nederland. 
All Collateralised Currency Securities traded on NYSE Euronext Amsterdam benefit from the ESES 
procedure and will be settled through Euroclear Nederland. 
Settlement and Delivery on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) 
Collective Safe Custody 
For the purpose of good delivery of the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange, at the date of this prospectus, Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (‘Clearstream’) will 
issue, for each class and the relevant number of Collateralised Currency Securities, a Global Bearer 
Certificate (each a ‘Global Bearer Certificate’) in the German language created under German law 
(‘Collective Safe Custody’). Global Bearer Certificates have been issued in respect of the classes of 
Collateralised Currency Securities listed below. 
A non-binding English language translation of the conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates is set out in 
Part 10 (Global Bearer Certificates) and the definitive German language text is annexed hereto in Annexes 
1 and 2. 
For each Global Bearer Certificate, the relevant number and class of the Collateralised Currency Securities, 
will be registered in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England (the ‘Nominee’) in the Register 
of Security Holders and credited as underlying stock to a separate safe custody account of Clearstream 
with Citibank N.A., London, England (the ‘Custodian’). The safe custody account assigned to the relevant 
Collateralised Currency Securities (the ‘Safe Custody Account’) of each class will be designated 
“Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (Clearstream) – Special Safe Custody Account for [long and short 
EURO Currency Securities] or [long and short USD Currency Securities] Global Bearer Certificate –” followed 
by the name of the class concerned as set out in Annex 2. 
The Global Bearer Certificates will have the following German ISIN Codes: 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate 
German ISIN Code 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSA1 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSB9 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSC7 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSD5 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSE3 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSF0 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSG8 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSH6 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 
A17.2.1.3

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
DE000A1DFSJ2 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 
 
DE000A1DFSK0 
WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD 
 
DE000A1EK0K5 
WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD 
 
DE000A1EK0L3 
 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate 
German ISIN Code 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0P4 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0Q2 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0R0 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0S8 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0T6 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0U4 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0V2 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 
 
DE000A1EK0W0 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A12Z3V6 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A12Z3W4 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A12Z3X2 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A15POU3 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A12Z3Z7 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A12Z306 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A12Z314 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
DE000A12Z322 
In accordance with the conditions governing each Global Bearer Certificate: 
• 
each co-owner thereof will be entitled, at his expense, to demand at any time that Clearstream 
arrange for the registration of the co-owner or a third party designated by him, in the relevant Register 
of Security Holders of the number and class of Collateralised Currency Securities corresponding to 
his co-ownership share or any portion thereof in the Global Bearer Certificate of the same class; and 
• 
any registered holder of Collateralised Currency Securities of any relevant class will be entitled, at 
his expense, to have his Collateralised Currency Securities delivered to the Custodian for crediting to 
the Safe Custody Account against a corresponding co-ownership share in the Global Bearer 
Certificate. 
Whenever the number of Collateralised Currency Securities represented by the Global Bearer Certificate of 
any class changes (as a result, for example, of deliveries to the Safe Custody Account, withdrawals from 
the Safe Custody Account or issues or redemptions of Collateralised Currency Securities), Clearstream 
has agreed that it will amend the relevant Global Bearer Certificate accordingly. 
Unless otherwise agreed, the Issuer will treat the Nominee as one single security holder so far as fractional 
rights and entitlements are concerned. 
Non-Collective Custody 
For the purpose of good delivery of the the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange, settlement and delivery may also take place through Clearstream and a chain of 
custodians.  Security Holders will receive a credit in securities account (Gutschrift in Wertpapierrechnung) 
for the securities in their securities account with the respective custodian bank.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Cash Payments and Exercise of Subscription Rights and Other Rights: Cash payments are credited to 
Clearstream’s cash account with the Custodian and paid by Clearstream to the respective co-owners. Any 
subscription rights or other rights and any fractional rights relating to the Collateralised Currency Securities 
in the Safe Custody Account will be held by Clearstream at the disposal of HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
(the Bank). Upon the request of the Bank, Clearstream will give instructions to the Custodian for the 
exercise, purchase or sale of such subscription rights, other rights or fractional rights. In case of any flow 
of cash amounts resulting out of such transactions, Clearstream will without delay inform the Bank by fax 
of the net proceeds or the net costs, respectively, and the related value date. The net proceeds or the net 
costs, respectively, must be credited or debited to the Bank’s cash account with Clearstream or as 
otherwise agreed between Clearstream and the Bank. 
Nothing in the foregoing purports to create additional subscription rights in respect of Collateralised 
Currency Securities and/or amend the Conditions. 
Clearstream Banking AG: Clearstream is a company that was incorporated on 12 July 1949 in Frankfurt 
under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. Clearstream is a regulated credit institution under the 
German Banking Act and licensed as the German Central Securities Depository pursuant to the German 
Securities Deposit Act, i.e. a professional depository that holds securities for its customers and facilitates 
the clearance and settlement of securities transactions among them through electronic book- entry 
transfers between their accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of the securities. 
Clearstream also provides other services to its customers, including safekeeping, administration, clearance 
and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream’s 
customers are worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Clearstream conducts its business in the legal form of a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered in the commercial register at the local court in Frankfurt under number HRB 7500, and with 
registered office at Neue Börsenstraße 1, D60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Supply and Inspection of Documents in Germany 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Collateralised Currency Securities remain 
outstanding, copies of the Prospectus (or any replacement prospectus), the German translation of the 
summary thereto, any supplemental prospectus and all financial information as well as the contracts 
required to be disclosed by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable rules will be available for inspection during 
normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the 
registered office of the Bank, and a copy of the documents referred above may be requested by contacting 
the Bank. 
Settlement and Delivery on the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
All Collateralised Currency Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. will be recorded in the Register in 
the name of Monte Titoli S.p.A. and held beneficially for persons who have bought through the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.. For those persons Monte Titoli S.p.A. will maintain its own record of holders (Italian sub- 
register). All Collateralised Currency Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. are eligible for 
settlement through the normal Monte Titoli S.p.A. settlement systems on the deposit accounts opened with 
Monte Titoli S.p.A.. Market makers and other account holders at Monte Titoli S.p.A. will be permitted to 
transfer securities between the Register and the Italian sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable 
to other markets to which the Collateralised Currency Securities may be admitted to trading, and thereby 
be able to move securities between the London Stock Exchange, such other markets and Monte Titoli 
S.p.A.. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Collateralised Currency Securities held through 
Monte Titoli S.p.A., the Issuer will treat Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the single security holder of such 
Collateralised Currency Securities and the holders recorded in the Italian sub-register must look to Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. to receive any and all entitlements under such Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Registers 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
UCITS and CIS 
A14.4.3(a)A

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
The Issuer has received legal advice under UK and EU law that Collateralised Currency Securities do not 
constitute units in a collective investment scheme. The Issuer has also received legal advice under UK and 
EU law that the Collateralised Currency Securities are capable of constituting transferable securities within 
COLL 5.2.7A(R) and are therefore capable of being eligible investments for a UCITS Scheme and that for 
the purposes of COLL 5.2.29(R)(2) of the FCA Handbook, Collateralised Currency Securities constitute 
“debt securities” of the Issuer. 
With respect to COLL 5.2.29(R)(2) of the FCA Handbook, the Issuer believes that, in calculating the amount 
of debt securities of the Issuer in issue at any time, the principal amount of such securities should be used. 
Prospective investing UCITS Schemes would need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the 
Collateralised Currency Securities in their own circumstances would be in line with their investment 
objectives and comply with relevant parts of the FCA Handbook and/or any other applicable rules and 
regulations. 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or any 
subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants for Collateralised Currency Securities may be required. The anti-money laundering 
laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and verification of the identity 
of the Authorised Participants. 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, each Authorised 
Participant confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time 
to time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds 
(Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti- money 
laundering laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as is required 
by the Issuer at the time of lodging the Application Form, or, at the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at such 
specified time thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) 
Order 2008, the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) 
Regulations 2017 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
The Registrar is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity 
requirements apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Registrar shall be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage 
suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s identity 
satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided. 
Use of Proceeds 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Collateralised Currency Securities will 
be specified in the applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be paid to a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty as part of the process of creating Currency Transactions.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
16PART 10 
GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
The following is a non-binding English language translation of the form of Global Bearer 
Certificates. The definitive German language text, of which the following is a direct and accurate 
translation, of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and the Conditions of the Global Bearer 
Certificates is set out in Annexes 1 and 2 of this Prospectus. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the definitive German language text of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and the 
English translation below, the former shall always prevail. 
 
 
Form of the Global Bearer Certificates 
(non-binding translation) 
Global Bearer Certificate 
 
for 
 
 
• registered [see Annex 1] [class of Collateralised Currency] Securities 
 
of 
 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
(formerly ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Rd, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
 
divided into securities with a principal amount of [•] [see Annex 1] each 
As underlying stock for this Global Bearer Certificate the Clearstream Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter 
referred to as “Clearstream”), is holding • registered [see Annex 1] [class of 
Collateralised Currency] Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Notes”), of WisdomTree 
Foreign Exchange Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Company”), constituted by a Trust Instrument between the Company and The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as amended/supplemented from time to time 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) and secured as described therein and 
divided into securities with a principal amount of [•] [see Annex 1] each, registered in 
the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, and held in a special Safe 
Custody Account with Citibank N.A., London, England. Each co-owner of this Global 
Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream to arrange for the 
delivery and registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders in his name or in 
the name of a third party designated by him of such number of Notes as corresponds 
to his share in this Global Bearer Certificate. 
In respect of all further matters, the Conditions attached to this Global Bearer Certificate 
and forming an essential part thereof shall apply. 
Frankfurt am Main, … 
Clearstream Banking  
Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Text of the Conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates 
(non-binding translation) 
Conditions of the Certificate 
1. 
This Global Bearer Certificate bears the signature of two managing directors, or one 
managing director and one holder of procuration, of the Clearstream Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, (hereinafter referred 
to as “Clearstream”). 
2. 
Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from 
Clearstream the delivery and the registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders, 
in his name or in the name of a third party designated by him of such number of registered 
[•] [see Annex 1][class of Collateralised Currency] Securities (hereinafter referred to as 
“Notes”) of WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, (hereinafter 
referred as “Company”) constituted by a Trust Instrument between the Company and The 
Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as amended/supplemented from time to time 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) and secured as described therein and 
divided into securities with a principal amount of [•] [see Annex 1] each, as corresponds to 
his co-ownership share in this Global Bearer Certificate. Such demand shall be made by 
the co-owner through his depositary bank to Clearstream, stating to whom the Notes shall 
be delivered, respectively, the address to which the certificate evidencing the registration 
shall be mailed by the Registrar. 
 
In addition to the delivery, respectively, transfer fee determined by Clearstream pursuant to 
§ 315 of German Civil Code, the co-owner shall bear any expenses, taxes, fees or duties 
arising from such delivery resp. transfer and registration. 
 
The co-owners of this Global Bearer Certificate are not entitled to demand delivery of 
individual bearer certificates out of this Global Bearer Certificate. 
3. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall convey to the co-owner, through his depositary bank and in 
proportion to his share in the Global Bearer Certificate, all rights arising from the Notes 
under the laws of England and Jersey, Channel Islands. 
 
Payments of capital, interests and/or other amounts due will be passed on by Clearstream 
to the co-owner. Furthermore, any terms and conditions announced by Clearstream shall 
apply. 
 
All payments to the co-owner shall be made in Euro. 
4. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall not exercise voting rights arising in a noteholder meeting. On 
demand it shall cause a voting proxy to be issued to the co-owner or a third party indicated 
by him. 
 
The Company has undertaken to publish the agenda of any noteholder meeting as well as 
the conditions for participating in the meeting and exercising the voting rights before each 
meeting. 
5. 
Should the issuance of the Global Bearer Certificate be subject at any time to any taxes, 
fees or duties in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, the co- 
owners shall bear such taxes, fees or duties in proportion to their shares in the Global 
Bearer Certificate. 
 
Clearstream is entitled to divide among all co-owners in proportion to their co-ownership 
shares in the Global Bearer Certificate all taxes, fees and duties to which it may at any time 
be subject in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, by the mere 
fact that it is holding the Notes. 
6. 
If for any reason the Notes should be replaced by other notes or some other valuable, the 
co-owner’s right to the Notes shall convert into a right to the relevant substitutes. In such 
event these Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
7. 
Clearstream is entitled to substitute another entity for Citibank N.A., London, England 
(hereinafter referred to as “Custodian”) in its function as Custodian or Vidacos 
Nominees Limited, London, England (hereinafter referred to as “Nominee”) in its 
function as Nominee. In such event, Clearstream shall not be responsible for more 
than careful selection. This does not affect Clearstream's right to assume itself the 
functions of the Custodian or the Nominee. In the case where the Custodian or the 
Nominee are replaced, any reference to the Custodian or the Nominee in these 
Conditions shall be deemed to refer to the new Custodian or Nominee. 
8. 
Should the Notes become good delivery on German stock exchanges in a way which 
would not require Clearstream's assistance in the present form or should the 
admission of the Notes in the form of co-ownership shares in the Global Bearer 
Certificate to trading and official quotation on German stock exchanges be withdrawn, 
Clearstream shall request from the co-owners instructions as provided for in Clause 2. 
paragraph 1 above. Should such instructions not be given within 3 months from the 
publication of the relevant request, Clearstream shall be entitled at its discretion to 
arrange for registration of the Notes in the name of the co-owner or a third party 
designated in its request and to deposit the relevant Notes at the co-owner's risk and 
expense with a depositary designated in its request. All obligations of Clearstream 
arising from the Global Bearer Certificate shall cease therewith. 
9. 
All notices concerning the Global Bearer Certificate shall be published in at least one 
supraregional newspaper designated by the German stock exchanges to publish 
obligatory notices of each German stock exchange on which the Notes in form of co-
ownership shares in the Global Bearer Certificate are traded and quoted on the 
Regulated Market (General Standard). 
10. 
The co-owners shall bear proportionately any prejudice or damage, whether economic 
or legal, which may affect the Notes held as underlying stock for the Global Bearer 
Certificate in consequence of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official 
action at home or abroad or any other circumstances beyond Clearstream's or the 
Custodian's control. 
 
Clearstream shall perform all its obligations arising from the Global Bearer Certificate 
with the due care of a proper merchant. If by reason of force majeure, governmental 
decrees, war, riots, official action at home or abroad or by any other circumstances 
beyond its control it is prevented from performing its obligations, it shall not be 
responsible. 
 
The Custodian and the Nominee are responsible towards Clearstream for the due 
performance of their functions. Any claims against the Custodian or the Nominee shall 
be pursued by Clearstream on the co-owners' behalf. Beyond that Clearstream shall 
only be responsible for careful selection of the Custodian and the Nominee. 
11. 
Should any of these conditions be or become fully or partly invalid or impracticable, 
the other conditions shall remain unaffected. Any such invalid or impracticable 
condition shall be replaced in accordance with the intent and purpose of this 
contractual agreement. 
12. 
All legal relations between the co-owner and Clearstream shall be governed by the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. The exclusive court of venue shall be 
Frankfurt am Main. 
13. 
Except where required by law, an alteration of these Conditions shall be permitted only 
insofar as it does not impair the rights of the co-owners.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
Annex 1 
 
Annex 1 may be amended from time to time if additional types of Notes are issued by WisdomTree 
Foreign Exchange Limited under its multi-class Programme. 
Type 
Original ISIN 
(of the Notes) 
LSE 
Code 
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 
 
JE00B3MR2Q90 
EUCH 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 
 
JE00B3L54023 
CHEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 
 
JE00B3LXVB68 
EUGB 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 
 
JE00B3MVPQ29 
GBEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 
 
JE00B3MWC642 
EUJP 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 
 
JE00B3KNMS14 
JPEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 
 
JE00B3MRDD32 
EUNO 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 
 
JE00B3LGQQ51 
NOEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 
 
JE00B3MQG751 
EUSE 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 
 
JE00B3NXB475 
SEEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD 
 
JE00B6822V48 
LCNY 
US$ 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD 
 
JE00B66M4S72 
SCNY 
US$ 1.00 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 
 
JE00B3XGSP64 
EUAU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 
 
JE00B3QSB726 
AUEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 
 
JE00B3SX2K59 
ECAD 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 
 
JE00B3WRF594 
CADE 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 
 
JE00B3YQ2Z39 
EUNZ 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 
 
JE00B3XFPZ25 
NZEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 
 
JE00B3RNTN80 
EUUS 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 
 
JE00B3SBYQ91 
USEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BMM1WV91 
EAU5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BMM1WW09 AUE5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BMM1WZ30 
ECH5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BVZ6TJ17 
CH5E 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BMM1X387 
EJP5 
EUR 1.00

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Type 
Original ISIN 
(of the Notes) 
LSE 
Code 
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BMM1X494 
JPE5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BMM1XC77 
EUS5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 5x Daily 
 
JE00BMM1XD84 
USE5 
EUR 1.00 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of the 
Issuer and the Collateralised Currency Securities.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
17PART 11 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES 
The issue of Collateralised Currency Securities of the Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in 
paragraph 3 of Part 14 (Additional Information)) having an aggregate Principal Amount of up to   US$  
1,000,000,000  for  each  class  denominated  in  US$  described  in  this  Prospectus,  of  up     to EURO 
1,000,000,000 for each class denominated in Euros described in this Prospectus and of up to GBP 
1,000,000,000 for each class denominated in GBP described in this Prospectus, was authorised pursuant 
to resolutions of the Board passed on 21 August 2009 and 30 October 2009 and the Collateralised 
Currency Securities are constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 5 November 2009, as amended by 
supplemental trust instruments dated 14 June 2010, 31 December 2010, 23 June 2014, 19 September 
2014, 31 July 2019 and 28 May 2020 (the Trust Instrument which expression includes further deeds or 
documents supplemental thereto from time to time), which is governed by Jersey law between the Issuer 
and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the Trustee) (as amended) and secured by one or more 
security deeds, including a security deed governed by English law dated 5 November 2009 (as amended) 
between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the Security Trustee). 
Under the terms of the Trust Instrument the Trustee may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all or any 
of its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions in respect of Collateralised Currency 
Securities upon such terms and subject to such conditions and regulations as the Trustee may in the 
interests of the Security Holders think fit. The Trustee, The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c., is a 
public limited company registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered office is at Eighth 
Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG and which was incorporated on 2 November 1982. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability under the Trust 
Instrument for a breach of trust and save in such circumstances, the Trustee is not liable for any loss arising 
by reason of any mistake or omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful 
misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
The Trustee is not liable for any Liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its trusts, 
rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language, however, information on how the 
terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Collateralised Currency Securities). 
Please note that the use of the term “Official List” in this extract from the Trust Instrument should be read 
as a reference to the UK Official List as defined in the section of this prospectus under the heading 
“Definitions and Interpretation”. 
Please also note that the use of the term “Listing” in this extract from the Trust Instrument refers to the 
admission of such class to the UK Official List and the admission to trading of such class on the London 
Stock Exchange. 
The following are the conditions applicable to the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The Conditions 
The Collateralised Currency Securities are undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited (the Issuer) and are constituted by, issued subject to and have the 
benefit of, a trust instrument (the Trust Instrument which expression includes further deeds or documents 
supplemental thereto from time to time) dated 5 November 2009 between the Issuer and The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee (the Trustee) for the holders of Collateralised Currency 
Securities (the Security Holders) and are governed by Jersey law. 
The Security Holders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument and the relevant Security Deeds (as defined below) and the Conditions 
set out below. 
1 
DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following meanings: 
A14.4.5 
A14.4.12 
A14.4.7 
A14.4.2 
A14.4.11 
A19.1.3 
 
A14.5.1.1

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Acceptable Credit Rating means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB- from 
Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (or any successor 
to the ratings business thereof), and of at least Baa3 from Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any 
successor to the ratings business thereof). 
Account Bank means an institution licensed to accept deposits in accordance with applicable law 
and regulation. 
Account Provider is a Custodian, Account Bank or Collateral Administrator with whom the Issuer 
holds all or part of a Relevant Issuer Account. 
Account Provider’s Rights are, in respect of any Account Provider (a) any security or right of lien 
over all or part of a Relevant Issuer Account granted to such Account Provider or (b) any right of set-
off over (or to combine, consolidate or merge) any such account, where such security or right is 
granted under an agreement governing such account. 
Additional Closing Fee means, in respect of any Currency Transaction, the Additional Closing Fee 
(if any) as defined in the Facility Agreement incurred by the Issuer to the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty in connection with the Closing of such Currency Transaction (and in the case of MSIP, 
means the “MSIP Additional Closing Fee” as defined in the MSIP Facility Agreement). 
Additional Redemption Fee means, in respect of a Redemption of any Collateralised Currency 
Security of any class pursuant to an Index Redemption Form, an amount calculated as the average 
of all applicable Additional Closing Fees incurred by the Issuer on the Pricing Date which is relevant 
to that Index Redemption Form in connection with the Closing of any Corresponding Currency 
Transaction, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 = 𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
  
Where: 
ARFi,t 
is the Additional Redemption Fee in respect of the Redemption of that Collateralised 
Currency Security; 
TACFi,t 
is the total amount of the Additional Closing Fees incurred by the Issuer on that Pricing 
Date in connection with the Closing of any Corresponding Currency Transaction; and 
NRi,t 
is the aggregate number of Collateralised Currency Securities of class i Redeemed as at 
that Pricing Date. 
Adjusted Counterparty Collateral Pool means, in respect of a Counterparty Collateral Pool such 
Counterparty Collateral Pool excluding any Excess Eligible Collateral Value. 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity directly or indirectly under common 
control with that person; and for this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
Agreed Pricing means the method prescribed under Conditions 6.14 to 6.17 by which an Authorised 
Participant may agree a Redemption of any Collateralised Currency Security with a Currency 
Contract Counterparty. 
Agreed Creation Notice means a notice given as an “Agreed Creation Notice” pursuant to a Facility 
Agreement. 
Agreed Redemption Form means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer 
requesting Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities using Agreed Pricing. 
Assigned Agreements means, in relation to a Counterparty Collateral Pool, the Relevant Facility 
Agreement, Relevant ISDA Master Agreement (after the exercise of and subject to the close out 
netting and set off rights), Relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement (after the exercise of and 
subject to the close out netting and set off rights), Collateral Administration Agreement, Custody

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Agreement and each Relevant Authorised Participant Agreement entered into by the Issuer which 
are relevant to such Counterparty Collateral Pool. 
authenticated computer instruction shall bear the meaning given to it in the Regulations. 
Authorised Participant means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Collateralised Currency Securities and, for each Currency 
Transaction Counterparty in respect of which such person is to act as an Authorised Participant: 
(a) 
such person has entered into a corresponding Direct Agreement with that Currency 
Transaction Counterparty (save where the person is the same person as the Currency 
Transaction Counterparty or its Affiliate); and 
(b) 
which is not an Unacceptable Authorised Participant in respect of that Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, a person can be an Authorised Participant in respect of one 
Currency Transaction Counterparty but not another. 
Authorised Participant Agreement means a written agreement between the Issuer and another 
person under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, distribution agent 
or in a substantially similar function in relation to Collateralised Currency Securities and if such 
agreement is subject to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied. 
Authorised Participant Redemption Limit has the meaning set out in Condition 6.6(b) 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and New York. 
Cash Account means a cash account held by the Issuer with an Account Bank. 
Certificated or Certificated Form means not in Uncertificated Form. 
class means a series of fungible Collateralised Currency Securities under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment are determined by reference to the same Currency Index and which 
have recourse to the same assets. 
Class Collateral Pool means, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the 
Gross Class Collateral Pool for such class subject to the rights of and after deduction of any amounts 
held for or distributed to the Trustee, the Security Trustee, each Corresponding Currency Transaction 
Counterparty and the Security Holders of any other class as determined in accordance with the Priority 
Schedule. 
Closing means, in respect of a Currency Transaction, the “Closing” of a Currency Transaction as 
defined under the Facility Agreement relevant to such Currency Transaction. 
Closing Level means, in relation to a Currency Index on any day, the official closing level for such 
index as published or caused to be published on and in respect of that day by the Index Provider 
pursuant to or as contemplated by the Manual. 
CNY Transaction means a Currency Transaction entered in relation to a class of CNY Securities. 
CNY Securities means each of WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD and WisdomTree Short CNY 
Long USD. 
Collateral Administration Agreement, in respect of a Currency Transaction Counterparty, has the 
meaning given to it in the Facility Agreement with that Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
Collateral Administrator means, in respect of a Currency Transaction Counterparty, the person 
specified as such in the Facility Agreement with that Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
Collateral Administrator Insolvency means the Collateral Administrator (1) is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay 
its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; makes 
a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (A) institutes 
or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a  judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in limb (A) above 
and either (I) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (II) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution 
passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all 
or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days 
thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) above 
(inclusive); or (10) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts. 
Collateral Administrator Suspension Day, in respect of a Currency Transaction Counterparty, has 
the meaning given to it in the Facility Agreement with that Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
Collateralised Currency Securities means 74 classes of Collateralised Currency Securities which 
have been authorised for issue as further described in the Trust Instrument together with any Further 
Securities issued pursuant to Condition 15, and “Collateralised Currency Security” means any of 
them. 
Compulsory Daily Amount means, in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities: 
(a) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Amount is not more than the Redemption Limit (in each case for 
that class), the Compulsory Redemption Amount; 
(b) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Amount is equal to 5 or more times such Redemption Limit, 20 
per cent. of the Compulsory Redemption Amount; and 
(c) 
otherwise, such Redemption Limit. 
Compulsory Redemption means a Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities in 
accordance with Condition 7. 
Compulsory Redemption Amount means on any Pricing Day, in respect of any class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities subject to Compulsory Redemption, an amount equal to the 
product of the Compulsory Redemption Number and the Redemption Amount for such class on such 
Pricing Day provided that in respect of a Compulsory Redemption Date notified pursuant to Condition 
7.3 and where the applicable Currency Index has not been published on such Compulsory 
Redemption Date, the Compulsory Redemption Amount for such class is the amount of the proceeds 
of the liquidation of the Class Collateral Pool that would be available to meet the claims of holders 
of Collateralised Currency Securities of the relevant class as determined by the Issuer as at such 
Compulsory Redemption Date. 
Compulsory Redemption Date means a date notified in accordance with Conditions 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 
7.4 or 7.5. 
Compulsory Redemption Number means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption Date and a 
class of Collateralised Currency Securities, where such Compulsory Redemption Date is notified or 
occurs in accordance with: 
(a) 
Condition 7.1 and 7.3, the number of Collateralised Currency Securities of that class 
specified in such notice;

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(b) 
Condition 7.2 and 7.4, the total number of Collateralised Currency Securities of that class 
outstanding as at the end of the London Business Day immediately preceding the Compulsory 
Redemption Date; 
(c) 
Condition 7.5, the number of Collateralised Currency Securities of that class in respect of 
which notice was given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7.5 with respect to the 
Security Holder in question. 
Compulsory Redemption Price means in respect of any Collateralised Currency Securities of any 
class Redeemed as of any Pricing Day, the Price on such Pricing Day (less, in the case of CNY 
Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee that would be payable on such Pricing Day) and in 
respect of any Collateralised Currency Securities Redeemed pursuant to Condition 7.3 where no 
Price is available, an amount equal to the amount of the proceeds of the liquidation of the Class 
Collateral Pool for that class that would be available to meet the claims of holders of Collateralised 
Currency Securities of the relevant class as determined by the Issuer as at such Compulsory 
Redemption Date divided by the Compulsory Redemption Number. 
Conditions means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Collateralised Currency 
Securities are issued. 
Controller means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of 
his shareholdings in such company; 
(c) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent undertaking of such company; 
(d) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company; 
(e) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in 
such company; 
(f) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of 
his voting power in such company; 
(g) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in 
the parent undertaking of such company; or 
(h) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company by virtue of his voting rights. 
Corresponding Currency Transaction means, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency 
Securities, a Currency Transaction of the class (as defined under the Relevant Facility Agreement) 
which corresponds to such class of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty means, in respect of any class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities, a Currency Transaction Counterparty with whom the Issuer has 
entered into a Facility Agreement for the creation of Corresponding Currency Transactions and with 
whom the Issuer has entered into a Currency Transaction in respect of such Class of Collateralised 
Currency Securities but in respect of a New Class, where a division of a Gross Class Collateral Pool 
is effected pursuant to Condition 15.5, means a Currency Transaction Counterparty as determined 
pursuant to Condition 15.5. 
Counterparty Collateral Pool means, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, 
for a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty for such class, all of the Issuer’s right, title 
and interest in and to: 
(a) 
the Relevant Issuer Account and all of its rights, title and interest in any securities held in or 
cash balances standing to the credit of such Relevant Issuer Account; and 
(b) 
the Assigned Agreements; and 
a Counterparty Collateral Pool (A) relates to such Corresponding Currency Transaction 
Counterparty and (B) is relevant to a class of Collateralised Currency Securities where that 
A9.7.1

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Counterparty Collateral Pool relates to a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in 
respect of such class or (where a division of a Gross Class Collateral Pool is effected pursuant to 
Condition 15.5) as notified by the Issuer by RIS announcement in respect of such class pursuant to 
Condition 15.5. 
Counterparty Event of Default means, in relation to a Currency Transaction Counterparty, any 
event occurring in respect of that Currency Transaction Counterparty which is an Event of Default 
under the ISDA Master Agreement to which such Currency Transaction Counterparty is a party. 
CREST means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of securities in 
Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. 
CTC Enforcement Event, in relation to a Security Deed, has the meaning given to it in that Security 
Deed (and CTC Enforcement Event relates to the Counterparty Collateral Pool the subject of such 
Security Deed). 
Currency Index means in respect of a class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the currency 
index specified as such in relation to such class in the Trust Instrument. 
Currency Transaction means in relation to a Collateralised Currency Security of any class, a 
transaction between the Issuer and a Currency Transaction Counterparty governed by a Relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement and created in accordance with a Relevant Facility Agreement in respect of 
that class. 
Currency Transaction Counterparty means the counterparty to a Facility Agreement and ISDA 
Master Agreement with the Issuer, and includes MSIP. 
Custodian means any institution licensed to safeguard and administer investments in accordance 
with applicable law and regulation. 
Custody Account means a securities account (or, as the case may be, securities and cash account) 
held by the Issuer with a Custodian. 
Custody Agreement, in respect of a Currency Transaction Counterparty, has the meaning given to 
it in the Facility Agreement with that Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
Daily Adjustment, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Transactions on any Pricing 
Day, has the meaning given to DAi,t  in the formula in Condition 5.2. 
Daily Adjustment Agreement means, in respect of any Currency Transaction Counterparty, the 
agreement specified as such in the Facility Agreement with such Currency Transaction 
Counterparty. 
Daily Payment Amount means, in respect of any Currency Transaction, the Daily Payment Amount 
(payable under an ISDA Master Agreement) as defined in the Facility Agreement which required the 
creation of such Currency Transaction provided that (a) where such Currency Transaction is 
terminated and liquidated under the ISDA Master Agreement governing it, the Daily Payment Amount 
for the purposes of these Conditions shall be the value determined in respect of such terminated 
transaction under and in accordance with the provisions of the ISDA Master Agreement and (b) 
where as a result of a Disruption Event the obligations of the parties to pay the Daily Payment Amount 
are modified or substituted with an obligation to pay another amount under the terms of that ISDA 
Master Agreement, such Daily Payment Amount as so modified or such other amount as so 
substituted. 
Daily Payment Amount Facility means any overnight overdraft or overnight loan facility provided to 
the Issuer by a Collateral Administrator or other financial institution solely for the purpose of settling 
Daily Payment Amounts and any Additional Closing Fees (if any) where the Issuer has not received 
payment of an amount under a Repo from a Currency Transaction Counterparty prior to the relevant 
cut off for making such Daily Payment Amount or Additional Closing Fee (and for these purposes 
“overnight” refers to an overdraft or loan made on any day for repayment on the next Repo day). 
Daily Spread means, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, on any day, a 
percentage  amount  equal  to  a  volume  weighted  average  of  the  Spreads  in  relation  to all 
Corresponding Currency Transactions of such class on such day calculated as a daily rate in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= ෍Vi,u,t-1
n
u=1
× Si,u,t 
෍𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖,𝑢𝑢,𝑡𝑡−1
𝑛𝑛
𝑢𝑢=1
 
Where: 
DSi,t 
is the Daily Spread in respect of class i on day t; 
Si,u,t 
is the Spread in respect of a Currency Transaction of class i on day t under the Daily 
Adjustment Agreement with Currency Transaction Counterparty u expressed as a daily 
percentage rate (on the basis of a 365 day year); 
Vi,u,t-1 
is the Volume in respect of Currency Transaction i on Pricing Day t-1   for Currency 
Transaction Counterparty u (provided that it does not refer to any Volume which would be 
calculated as zero (0) on such Pricing Day); 
u 
refers to a Currency Transaction Counterparty that has created a Corresponding 
Currency Transaction; and 
provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that if DSi,t would otherwise equal 0- it shall be regarded as 
equal to zero (0). 
Deemed Redemption Payment Date has the meaning given in Condition 6.5. 
Defaulted Obligation means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment in respect of 
the Redemption of any Collateralised Currency Securities when due, and such failure is not 
remedied on or before: 
(a) 
in the case of a failure caused in whole or in part by a Currency Transaction Counterparty to comply 
with its obligations to the Issuer or such obligations are suspended by reason of force majeure or 
other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, the fourth Repo Day; 
(b) 
in the case of a failure caused in whole or in part by a Collateral Administrator Insolvency or 
a failure of a Collateral Administrator to comply with its obligations to the Issuer or such 
obligations are suspended by reason of force majeure or other circumstances beyond the 
control of the Issuer, the second Repo Day after the Deemed Redemption Payment Date; and 
(c) 
in any other case, the second Repo Day, 
after receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same provided that (A) if an amount paid by a Currency 
Transaction Counterparty under the terms of a Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement which will be used by the Issuer to fund the payment of a 
Redemption Amount is subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice 
of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect, and that Currency Transaction 
Counterparty is not obliged under that Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement to make any additional payment in respect of the withholding or deduction 
and the net amount is so paid or procured to be paid by the Issuer in respect of that Redemption, that 
shall not be a Defaulted Obligation and (B) where in respect of a Redemption of any Collateralised 
Currency Security of any class on any day the Issuer pays an amount equal to the amount which the 
holder of such Collateralised Currency Security would be entitled pursuant to Condition 3.2 after the 
Security Trustee or a secured party had realised all of the Class Collateral Pool for such class if such 
day was a Compulsory Redemption Date for such class, that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation. 
Direct Agreement means an agreement entered into between a Currency Transaction Counterparty 
and an Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer to become an Authorised 
Participant providing for direct recourse in respect of certain matters between a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty and an Authorised Participant.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Disruption Event in relation to any ISDA Master Agreement has the meaning given to it in that ISDA 
Master Agreement. 
Division Fraction has the meaning given to it in Condition 15.6. 
Early Termination Date, in respect of an ISDA Master Agreement, has the meaning given to it in that 
ISDA Master Agreement. 
Eligible Collateral means securities and/or cash specified as such in an Eligible Collateral 
Agreement. 
Eligible Collateral Agreement means an agreement between a Currency Transaction Counterparty 
and the Issuer and, if applicable, a Collateral Administrator relating to the acceptability of securities 
to be purchased and/or collateral to be provided under any Global Master Repurchase Agreement or 
other arrangement under which such Currency Transaction Counterparty sells securities and/or 
provides collateral to the Issuer (and, as at the Effective Date of the MSIP Facility Agreement, the 
Eligible Collateral Agreement is the Eligible Collateral Agreement between MSIP, the Issuer and the 
Collateral Administrator in respect of MSIP). 
ETFSL means ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey, with registered number 88370. 
Euro means the lawful currency of the participating member states of the European Union adopted in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union. 
Euro Collateralised Currency Security means a Collateralised Currency Security denominated in 
Euros. 
Euro Currency Transaction means a Currency Transaction under which the payment obligations of 
the parties to that transaction are denominated in Euros (other than payment obligations arising in 
respect of any “Early Termination Amount” under an ISDA Master Agreement). 
Euro Repo means a repurchase transaction subject to and governed by a Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement under which the payment obligations of the parties to such transaction are denominated 
in Euros (other than in the case of any sum payable pursuant to paragraph 10(c) of such Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement). 
Event of Default means, in respect of an ISDA Master Agreement, an “Event of Default” as defined in 
that agreement and in respect of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement, an “Event of Default” as 
defined in that agreement. 
Excess Eligible Collateral Value means, in relation to any Eligible Collateral transferred on any day 
(the transfer date) to the Issuer on any day in accordance with an Eligible Collateral Agreement which 
applied a discount to the value of such Eligible Collateral on that day, and where after the Trustee or 
a secured party realises such Eligible Collateral the amount by which the proceeds of such 
realisation exceed the discounted value of all such Eligible Collateral on the transfer date. 
Extraordinary Resolution means in respect of one or more classes of Collateralised Currency 
Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities of such class or classes duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the Trust Instrument and carried by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. in 
number of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a 
majority consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities of such class or classes voting on such poll or (b) a resolution in 
writing of holders of the Collateralised Currency Securities of such class or classes holding not less 
than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Collateralised Currency Securities of such class or 
classes. 
Facility Agreements means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and different 
Currency Transaction Counterparties providing for the creation and closing of Currency Transactions  
including  an  agreement  of  that  name  between  the  Issuer  and  MSIP  dated  5 November 2009 
(the MSIP Facility Agreement and, for so long as MSIP is the only Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, the Facility Agreement). 
A14.4.5

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom or any successor to such body. 
FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
Further Securities means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.1. 
GBP means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
GBP Collateralised Currency Security means a Collateralised Currency Security denominated in 
GBP. 
GBP Currency Transaction means a Currency Transaction under which the payment obligations of 
the parties to that transaction are denominated in GBP (other than payment obligations arising in 
respect of any “Early Termination Amount” under an ISDA Master Agreement). 
GBP Repo means a repurchase transaction subject to and governed by the Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement under which the payment obligations of the parties to such transaction are 
denominated in GBP (other than in the case of any sum payable pursuant to clause 10(c) of such 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement). 
General Notice means any notice given in accordance with these Conditions other than a Pricing 
Notice. 
Global Master Repurchase Agreements means the agreements of that name between the Issuer 
and the Currency Transaction Counterparties governing Repos including an agreement of that name 
between the Issuer and MSIP dated 5 November 2009 (the MSIP GMRA and, for so long as MSIP 
is the only Currency Transaction Counterparty, the GMRA). 
Gross Class Collateral Pool means, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, all 
the assets comprised in each Counterparty Collateral Pool relevant to such class. 
Guarantee means in respect of any Currency Transaction Counterparty, any guarantee or other 
credit support agreement provided by a guarantor or other credit support provider in respect of such 
Currency Transaction Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement, ISDA Master 
Agreement and/or Global Master Repurchase Agreement. 
Guarantor means in respect of any Currency Transaction Counterparty, any guarantor or other 
credit support provider who has entered into a Guarantee in respect of such Currency Transaction 
Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement and/or 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement. 
Hedging Disruption Event means, in relation to a class of Collateralised Currency Security, an 
event circumstance or cause that a Currency Transaction Counterparty reasonably and in good faith, 
determines has had or would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on that 
Currency Transaction Counterparty’s ability to hedge its positions in connection with a 
Corresponding Currency Transaction, including without limitation, any limitation or prohibition 
associated with acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or 
disposing of any hedging transaction in connection with such Corresponding Currency Transaction, in 
each case whether due to market illiquidity, position limits, illegality, the adoption of or change in any 
law or other regulatory instrument, lack of availability of hedging transaction market participants or 
the occurrence or existence of any other circumstance or event. 
Index Business Day means in respect of any class, a day on which the Currency Index for such 
class is scheduled to be published in accordance with the Manual. 
Index Creation Notice means a notice given as an “Index Creation Notice” pursuant to a Facility 
Agreement. 
Index Disruption Day means, in respect of any class, an Index Business Day on and in respect of 
which the Closing Level of the Currency Index applicable to such class is not published or caused 
to be published by the Index Provider or any day in respect of which either MSIP or the Issuer validly 
gives notice to the other party under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement of an “Additional Disruption” 
which is not also a “Hedging Disruption/Change in law” (as such terms are defined in that ISDA 
Master Agreement). 
A14.4.5

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Index Event means, in relation to any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the occurrence of 
any of the events defined as “adjustment events” or “market disruption events” in the Manual in 
relation to the Currency Index applicable to such class. 
Index Pricing means the method prescribed under Conditions 6.8 to 6.13 by which an Authorised 
Participant may request a Redemption of any Collateralised Currency Security by submission of a 
notice to the Issuer. 
Index Provider means in respect of any class, any person who calculates and publishes (or causes 
to be published) the Currency Index to which that class relates. 
Index Redemption Form means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer for 
requesting Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities using Index Pricing. 
Investment Advisor means a person authorised by the FCA with permission under Part IV of FSMA 
to give investment advice. 
Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the U.S.. 
ISDA Master Agreements means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and different 
Currency Transaction Counterparties governing Currency Transactions including the MSIP ISDA 
Master Agreement. 
Issuer means WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited, a company incorporated and registered in 
Jersey with registered number 103518. 
Issuer Insolvency Event means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in 
writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made against 
it declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 
1990, as amended; (5) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not 
described in limb (A) above and either (I) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (II) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution or 
presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party 
take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to 
any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) above (inclusive); or (10) takes any action in 
furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts 
Provided that no action taken by the Trustee in respect of a Counterparty Collateral Pool shall 
constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event save where such action falls within one or more of clauses (1) 
to (9) and is taken (x) with respect to all Counterparty Collateral Pools in existence at such time and 
(y) with the intention of distributing the entire proceeds of the liquidation of such Counterparty 
Collateral Pools. 
Issuer’s Website means the website having the following internet address: https:// 
www.wisdomtree.eu/ or such other internet address as may be notified by RIS announcement. 
Jersey means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgement, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of Taxes) and 
including any VAT or similar Tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal and professional 
fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis, and Liabilities shall be construed accordingly. 
LIBOR means, in respect of any date of determination: 
(a) 
the rate for overnight deposits in US Dollars which appears on the Reuters LIBOR01 page (or 
any successor page) as of 11:00 a.m. on the day that is two London Business Days preceding 
such date of determination; or 
(d) 
in the event of the unavailability of the Reuters LIBOR01 page (or any successor page), the 
rate for such determination date will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits 
in US Dollars are offered by four major banks in the London interbank market (Reference 
Banks) at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the day that is two London Business Days preceding 
the relevant determination date to prime banks in the London interbank market for overnight 
deposits commencing on that date and in an amount (a Representative Amount) that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. The Issuer 
will request the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation 
of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for such date will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the 
rate for such determination date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks 
in New York City, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on 
such determination date for loans in US Dollars to leading European banks for overnight 
deposits commencing on the determination date and in a Representative Amount. 
Listing means in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the admission of such 
class to the Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules and the admission to trading of such 
class on the London Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any such regulated market if the London 
Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market) becoming effective. 
Listing Failure means the refusal of the UK Listing Authority to admit to the Official List any 
Collateralised Currency Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme. 
Listing Failure Date means, in respect of any Collateralised Currency Security the subject of a 
Listing Failure, the day which was or would have been the first date on which payment would have 
been due in respect of the corresponding Currency Transaction pursuant to the terms of the Relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement. 
Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of the FCA from time to time, made under section 73A of 
FSMA. 
London Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
London Stock Exchange means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or 
any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market), as 
the context may require. 
Management Fee means, in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the 
management fee rate per annum payable by the Issuer to ManJer (or any Affiliate of the Issuer) as 
set out in the Services Agreement (as the same may be amended from time to time). 
ManJer means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited, a company incorporated in Jersey, with 
registered number 106921. 
Manual means in respect of a class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the document which sets 
out the methodology for the calculation of the Currency Index applicable to that class as specified 
as such in the Trust Instrument. 
Maximum Closing Limit means, in respect of a class of Currency Transactions, a maximum limit on 
the amount or volume by which a Currency Transaction of such class may be Closed in accordance 
with a Facility Agreement governing any such Closing as agreed between the parties to such Facility 
Agreement from time to time.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Minimum Closing Limit means, in respect of a class of Currency Transactions, a minimum limit on 
the amount or volume by which a Currency Transaction of such class may be Closed in accordance 
with a Facility Agreement governing any such Closing as agreed between the parties to such Facility 
Agreement from time to time. 
month means calendar month. 
MSIP means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc. 
MSIP ISDA Master Agreement means the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and master confirmation 
agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 5 November 2009 together with each transaction’s 
confirmation supplement thereto. 
New Class has the meaning given to it in Condition 15.5. 
New Class Securities means the New Securities identified in Schedule 2 to the Third Supplemental 
Trust Instrument. 
New York Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York. 
Notice Deadline means: 
(i) 
in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities other than CNY Securities, on a Pricing Day, 
the earlier of 2.00 p.m. (London time) or such other time determined by the Issuer as the 
Notice Deadline in respect of a particular Pricing Day or generally; and 
(ii) 
in respect of CNY Securities, on a London Business Day, the earlier of 4.30 p.m. (London 
time) or such other time determined by the Issuer as the Notice Deadline in respect of a 
particular Pricing Day, London Business Day or generally. 
Official List means the official list maintained by the UK Listing Authority for the purpose of Part VI of 
FSMA. 
outstanding means in relation to each class of Collateralised Currency Securities, all the 
Collateralised Currency Securities of that class issued and in respect of which there is for the time 
being an entry in the Register other than: 
(a) 
Collateralised Currency Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the 
Trust Instrument; and 
(b) 
Collateralised Currency Securities which have been purchased and cancelled pursuant to the 
Trust Instrument. 
PROVIDED THAT for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security 
Holders or any of them and certain other purposes of the Trust Instrument, Collateralised Currency 
Securities (if any) which are for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the 
Issuer, (B) a Currency Transaction Counterparty which is not also an Authorised Participant or a 
Guarantor or an Affiliate of an Authorised Participant or Guarantor, (C) ManJer, (D) any subsidiary of 
the Issuer or of any such Currency Transaction Counterparty falling under (B), (E) any individual 
Controller of the Issuer, ManJer or Guarantor or (F) any person controlled by any such persons listed 
in (A) to (E) above shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding 
and accordingly the holders of such Collateralised Currency Securities shall be deemed not to be 
Security Holders. 
Potential Event of Default means, in respect of an ISDA Master Agreement, a “Potential Event of 
Default” as defined in that ISDA Master Agreement and in relation to a Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement, an event which with the giving of notice and/or the lapse of time would constitute an 
Event of Default for the purposes of that Global Master Repurchase Agreement. 
Price in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities on any Pricing Day has the 
meaning given to Pi,t in the formula in Condition 5.2 and shall be determined in accordance with such 
formula and Pricing (other than when used in the terms Pricing Date and Pricing Day) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
A9.7.1

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Pricing Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of an Agreed Redemption Form which is valid in accordance with Condition 6.17, 
the day upon which such notice is received or deemed to have been received by the Issuer; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of an Index Redemption Form which is valid in accordance with Condition 6.8 in 
respect of any class other than CNY Securities, the Pricing Day on which the Index 
Redemption Form is received or deemed to have been received by the Issuer or, in the case 
of CNY Securities, the Pricing Day next following the London Business Day on which the Index 
Redemption Form is received or deemed to have been received by the Issuer. 
Pricing Day means, in respect of a Currency Transaction of any class, a London Business Day 
which is an Index Business Day for that class and which is not a Index Disruption Day for that class. 
Pricing Notice means a Redemption Form (and any other notice contemplated by these Conditions 
which the Issuer shall notify by RIS announcement as being a Pricing Notice from time to time). 
Principal Amount means in respect of each Collateralised Currency Security the amount specified in 
clause 2 of the Trust Instrument. 
Priority Schedule means the provisions of Condition 13.4. 
Programme means the programme for the issue by the Issuer of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 
3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), 
subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the Code) applies (collectively, Plans), any entity whose underlying 
assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment 
in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, state or local law 
that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any 
person who holds Collateralised Currency Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets 
of any such Plan or entity. 
Prohibited US Person means a US Person who is not both a Qualified Purchaser and a Qualified 
Institutional Buyer, or any person who holds Currency Securities for the benefit of a US Person who 
is not both a Qualified Purchaser and a Qualified Institutional Buyer. 
Qualified Institutional Buyer has the meaning given thereto by Rule 144A under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Qualified Purchaser means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company Act. 
Redemption means the redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with these Conditions (and Redeem shall be construed accordingly). 
Redemption Account means in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities, a bank account to 
receive payments in the Relevant Currency of the Redemption Amount in respect of the Redemption 
of such Collateralised Currency Securities, which account shall be: 
(a) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer, each Currency Transaction Counterparty and the Trustee 
from time to time; 
(b) 
for a Compulsory Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities or where there are no 
Authorised Participants, the bank account of the Issuer secured for the benefit of the Security 
Holders of such Collateralised Currency Securities or of the Trustee for the benefit of such 
Security Holders; and 
(c) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Form in accordance with the terms of 
any relevant RIS announcement made by the Issuer pursuant to or in connection with 
Condition 6.3.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Redemption Amount means the amount per Collateralised Currency Security of the relevant class 
payable by the Issuer to the Security Holder upon the Redemption of Collateralised Currency 
Securities, as provided in Condition 6.1, 7.9 or 7.10, as the case may be, as may be reduced for any 
withholdings or deductions for or on account of tax as set out in Condition 8.5. 
Redemption Day means a Repo Day which is not a Collateral Administrator Suspension Day. 
Redemption Fee means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon Redemption of Collateralised 
Currency Securities in accordance with Condition 9. 
Redemption Form means an Agreed Redemption Form or an Index Redemption Form in the form 
prescribed from time to time by the Issuer and in accordance with these Conditions, as the case may 
be. 
Redemption Limits has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.6. 
Redemption Liquidity Facility means any overnight overdraft or overnight loan facility provided to 
the Issuer by a Collateral Administrator or other financial institution solely for the purpose of settling 
Redemption Amounts. 
Redemption Payment Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Index Redemption Form, 
(i) in respect of which the Pricing Date of that Redemption (T) is before the T+2 
Implementation Date, the second Redemption Day following T or, if later, the third London 
Business Day following T (and if such London Business Day is not a Redemption Day, the 
Redemption Day next following such London Business Day); and 
(ii) in respect of which the Pricing Date of that Redemption (T) is on or after the T+2 
Implementation Date, the second Redemption Day following T; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form, the London Business Day 
specified for such payment in that notice (provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the 
Issuer, the date so specified shall be not earlier than two Redemption Days following the day 
upon which notice is received or deemed to have been received by the Issuer) (T) and if T is 
not a Redemption Day, the Redemption Day next following such London Business Day; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Redemption in accordance with a Listing Failure: 
(i) where the relevant Listing Failure Date (T) is before the T+2 Implementation Date, the 
second Redemption Day following T or, if later, the third London Business Day following T 
(and if such London Business Day is not a Redemption Day, the Redemption Day next 
following such London Business Day); and 
(ii) where the relevant Listing Failure Date (T) is on or after the T+2 Implementation Date, the 
second Redemption Day following T; or 
(d) 
except as provided for in Condition 7.11, in the case of a Redemption following the nomination 
of a Compulsory Redemption Date: 
(i) where the relevant Compulsory Redemption Date is before the T+2 Implementation Date, 
the second Redemption Day following the last Pricing Day (T) on which the Price of 
Collateralised Currency Securities being Redeemed was determined in accordance with 
these Conditions or, if later, the third London Business Day following T (and if such London 
Business Day is not a Redemption Day, the Redemption Day next following such London 
Business Day); and 
(ii) where the relevant Compulsory Redemption Date is on or after the T+2 Implementation 
Date, the second Redemption Day following the last Pricing Day on which the Price of 
Collateralised Currency Securities being Redeemed was determined in accordance with 
these Conditions; or 
(e) 
in the case of a Redemption as provided in Condition 7.11:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(i) where the relevant Compulsory Redemption Date (T) is before the T+2 Implementation 
Date, the second Redemption Day following or, if later, the third London Business Day 
following T; and 
(ii) where the relevant Compulsory Redemption Date (T) is on or after the T+2 Implementation 
Date, the second Redemption Day following T. 
Registers means the registers of Security Holders of each class kept and maintained by the 
Registrar and Register shall be construed accordingly. At the date of the Trust Instrument there are 
74 Registers, one for each of the 74 different classes of Collateralised Currency Securities currently 
envisaged to be created pursuant to the Trust Instrument. 
Registrar means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person as may be 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers, to receive and process 
applications for Collateralised Currency Securities and to receive and process applications for 
Redemptions of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Regulations means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 including any 
modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor made and for the time being in force 
which, inter alia, enable title to Collateralised Currency Securities to be evidenced otherwise than by 
a certificate and transferred otherwise than by a written instrument. 
Relevant Affected Class means in respect of a Currency Transaction Counterparty on any day 
when either a Counterparty Event of Default or a CTC Enforcement Event has occurred and is 
continuing in respect of such Currency Transaction Counterparty: 
(a) 
if such day falls on or after an Early Termination Date under the ISDA Master Agreement 
between the Issuer and such Currency Transaction Counterparty, each class of Collateralised 
Currency Securities which corresponds to a class of Corresponding Currency Transaction 
existing under such ISDA Master Agreement immediately before such Early Termination Date; 
and 
(b) 
if such day falls before an Early Termination Date under the ISDA Master Agreement between  
the  Issuer  and  such  Currency  Transaction  Counterparty,  each  class of Collateralised 
Currency Securities which corresponds to a class of Corresponding Currency Transaction 
existing under such ISDA Master Agreement on such day. 
Relevant Authorised Participant Agreement means in relation to a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, an Authorised Participant Agreement relating to Collateralised Currency Securities in 
respect of which such Currency Transaction Counterparty can enter into Corresponding Currency 
Transactions. 
Relevant Business Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of payments to be made in Euros, Euro Collateralised Currency Securities, Euro 
Currency Transactions and any Euro Repo, any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euros; 
(b) 
in respect of payments to be made in GBP, GBP Collateralised Currency Securities, GBP 
Currency Transactions and any GBP Repo, a London Business Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of payments to be made in USD, USD Collateralised Currency Securities, USD 
Currency Transactions and any USD Repo, a New York Business Day. 
Relevant Currency means, in relation to any Collateralised Currency Security, the currency of 
denomination of that Collateralised Currency Security. 
Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty means, in relation to a Security Deed, the Currency 
Transaction Counterparty that has the benefit of the security granted by the Issuer pursuant to that 
Security Deed. 
Relevant Exposed Class means in respect of any Defaulted Obligation on any day in relation to a 
class of Collateralised Currency Securities: 
(a) 
such class;

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
(b) 
for each Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of such class, each 
class of Collateralised Currency Securities which corresponds to a class of Currency 
Transaction existing under the ISDA Master Agreement with such Corresponding Currency 
Transaction Counterparty on such day; and 
(c) 
for each Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of any other class 
identified under this definition (whether under limb (b) or this limb (c)), each class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities which corresponds to a class of Currency Transaction open 
under the ISDA Master Agreement with such Corresponding Currency Transaction 
Counterparty on such day. 
Relevant Facility Agreement means, in respect of a Collateralised Currency Security of any class, a 
Facility Agreement between the Issuer and a Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of 
Currency Transactions that are Corresponding Currency Transactions in respect of such class. 
Relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement means, in respect of a Collateralised Currency 
Security of any class, a Global Master Repurchase Agreement between the Issuer and a 
Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of such class. 
Relevant ISDA Master Agreement means, in respect of a Collateralised Currency Security of any 
class, an ISDA Master Agreement between the Issuer and a Corresponding Currency Transaction 
Counterparty in respect of such class. 
Relevant Issuer Account means, with regard to a Currency Transaction Counterparty, an account or 
accounts of the Issuer which the Issuer has established and maintains with the Collateral 
Administrator for the purposes of (among other things) settling Repos and Currency Transactions 
with that Currency Transaction Counterparty and: 
(a) 
where the Issuer has established and maintains one or more Custody Accounts for such 
purpose, those Custody Accounts; 
(b) 
where the Issuer has established and maintains one or more Custody Accounts and a Cash 
Account for such purpose: 
(i) the Custody Accounts in respect of delivery and transfer of securities and assets other 
than cash; and 
(ii) the Cash Account in respect of payment and receipt of cash. 
Relevant Securities means, in relation to a Security Deed, each class of Collateralised Currency 
Securities in respect of which the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty is a Currency 
Transaction Counterparty. 
Repo means Euro Repo, GBP Repo or USD Repo. 
Repo Day means, in relation to a Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class, a 
Relevant Business Day which is a London Business Day. 
RIS means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing Rules) from 
time to time chosen by the Issuer. 
Secured Liabilities means, in respect of any Security Deed, all sums and liabilities (present or 
future, actual or contingent) due, owing or incurred by the Issuer to: 
(a) 
the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty under the Relevant Facility Agreement, 
Relevant ISDA Master Agreement and any Relevant Global Master Repurchase Agreement; 
(b) 
the holders of Relevant Securities under the Relevant Securities; 
(c) 
ManJer under the Services Agreement; 
(d) 
the Trustee under the Trust Instrument (other than any Redemption Amounts owed to the 
Trustee under the Trust Instrument in respect of the Collateralised Currency Securities to 
which such Counterparty Collateral Pool is relevant); and 
(e) 
the Security Trustee under the Security Deed.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
Secured Parties means, in respect of any Security Deed, the Security Trustee, the Trustee, the 
Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty, the holders of Relevant Securities and ManJer. 
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 of the U.S.. 
Security Deed means, for any class of Collateralised Currency Security, each security deed over a 
Counterparty Collateral Pool relevant to such class, entered into between the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee (and, as at the Effective Date of the MSIP Facility Agreement, the Security Deed is the 
security deed in respect of the Counterparty Collateral Pool relating to MSIP dated 5 November 2009 
entered into between the Issuer and the Security Trustee). 
Security Holder means a registered holder of Collateralised Currency Securities from time to time. 
Security Trustee means each security trustee appointed pursuant to a Security Deed to hold the 
security granted by the Issuer under such Security Deed (and as at the Effective Date of the MSIP 
Facility Agreement, the Security Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.) 
Services Agreement means the agreement between the Issuer and ETFSL dated 5 November 
2009 as novated to the Issuer and ManJer pursuant to a novation agreement dated 31 December 
2010 in respect of provision of services by ManJer to the Issuer in connection with the Programme or 
any replacement agreement which the Issuer may agree from time to time, in respect of the provision 
of such services with any of its Affiliates. 
Settlement Failure means, in respect of a Redemption where the Security Holder has delivered the 
Collateralised Currency Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another method agreed 
with the Issuer), a failure by the Issuer to pay or to procure the payment of the whole of a Redemption 
Amount into the relevant Redemption Account on a Redemption Payment Date. 
Settlement Failure Date means, in relation to a Settlement Failure, the date on which such 
Settlement Failure occurred. 
Spread, in relation to any Currency Transaction, has the meaning given to it in the Daily Adjustment 
Agreement relating to the Facility Agreement governing such Currency Transaction as agreed from 
time to time between the Issuer and the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
T+2 Implementation Date means the date specified as such or determined as such in accordance with 
a notice given to the Security Holders by way of a RIS and the Currency Transaction Counterparties 
not less than 5 days in advance; 
TARGET2 means Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007. 
Taxes means all present and future income and other taxes, levies, duties, imposts, assessments and 
charges imposed by any jurisdiction (which expression shall include any supra-national federation 
or other similar organisation) and any withholdings or deductions in the nature of taxes, levies, duties, 
imposts, assessments and charges, together with interest imposed thereon and penalties and fines 
with respect thereto, if any, and any payments made on or in respect thereof. 
Termination Event means in respect of an ISDA Master Agreement, a “Termination Event” as 
defined in that ISDA Master Agreement. 
Trustee means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and any replacement trustee under the 
Trust Instrument. 
Trustee Consent Documents means each ISDA Master Agreement, Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement, each Eligible Collateral Agreement, each Facility Agreement (but excluding the 
schedules to any Facility Agreement, save schedules 2 and 3), Currency Transactions and Repos 
created thereunder and any Guarantee. 
Trust Instrument means the trust instrument dated 5 November 2009, between the Issuer and the 
Trustee constituting Collateralised Currency Securities, including the schedules thereto. 
UK or United Kingdom means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
UK Listing Authority means the FCA in its capacity as the competent authority for the purposes of 
Part VI of the FSMA. 
Unacceptable Authorised Participant means, in relation to any Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, an Authorised Participant in respect of which that Currency Transaction Counterparty 
has given and not withdrawn notice under the relevant Facility Agreement that the Authorised 
Participant has ceased to be acceptable to such Currency Transaction Counterparty. 
Uncertificated Form means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to 
which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST. 
Uncertificated Notice of Meeting means an authenticated computer instruction, and/or other 
instruction or notification, which is sent by means of CREST. 
US Dollars or US$ means the lawful currency of the U.S.. 
USD Collateralised Currency Security means a Collateralised Currency Security denominated in 
US Dollars. 
USD Currency Transaction means a Currency Transaction under which the payment obligations of 
the parties to that transaction are denominated in US Dollars (other than payment obligations arising 
in respect of any “Early Termination Amount” under an ISDA Master Agreement). 
USD Repo means a repurchase transaction subject to and governed by a Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement under which the payment obligations of the parties to such transaction are 
denominated in US Dollars (other than in the case of any sum payable pursuant to paragraph 10(c) 
of such Global Master Repurchase Agreement). 
US Person means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
United States or U.S. means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state 
of the United States and the District of Columbia. 
VAT means value added tax. 
Volume in relation to any Currency Transaction has the meaning given to it in the Facility Agreement 
relevant to such Currency Transaction. 
1.2 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
(a) 
Headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these Conditions are inserted for 
ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Conditions. 
(b) 
Any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity. 
(c) 
Words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
(d) 
Any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement or document includes a reference to 
these Conditions, or, as the case may be, such agreement or document, as amended, varied, 
novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(e) 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to local 
time in London, England. 
(f) 
Reference to any person, including a party, includes that person’s successors in title and 
transferees. 
2 
STATUS OF COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES 
Collateralised Currency Securities constitute undated limited recourse secured debt obligations of the 
Issuer secured as set out in Condition 3. The Collateralised Currency Securities of each class rank pari 
passu among themselves. 
A14.4.5 
 
A19.2.2.4 
A14.4.6

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
3 
SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1 
Under each Security Deed, entered into in respect of each Counterparty Collateral Pool, the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Liabilities under that Security Deed are secured by: 
(a) 
charges over the Counterparty Collateral Pool relevant to such class; and 
(b) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights in each Assigned Agreement forming 
part of such Counterparty Collateral Pool, 
in favour of the Security Trustee for and on behalf of the Secured Parties. On any distribution by the 
Security Trustee of the proceeds of a Counterparty Collateral Pool, the claims of the holders of 
Relevant Securities rank behind the claims of the Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Relevant 
Currency Transaction Counterparty as provided in the Priority Schedule. Collateralised Currency 
Securities of the same class are secured by reference to the same Class Collateral Pool. 
3.2 
The Trustee (on behalf of the Security Holders of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class) and 
the Security Holders of Collateralised Currency Securities in any such class shall have recourse only 
to sums derived from the Class Collateral Pool for that class. If, the Security Trustee (or any other 
secured party) having realised the same, the net proceeds of such Class Collateral Pool are 
insufficient to satisfy all payments under the Collateralised Currency Securities of such class which, 
but for the effect of this Condition, would then be due from the Issuer to the holders of Collateralised 
Currency Securities of such class, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities will be limited to such net proceeds of realisation, and neither the 
Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Security Holder of that class nor any person acting on its behalf 
shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums in respect 
of such class and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer to any such person in respect of any such 
further sum in respect of such Collateralised Currency Securities and the indebtedness of the 
Issuer in respect of any such further sum shall be unconditionally extinguished. Further, neither the 
Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any Security Holder of any such Collateralised Currency Security 
shall be entitled to institute, nor join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, any 
bankruptcy, suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, re-organisation, 
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any similar law 
(whether court based or otherwise) in respect of claims under such Collateralised Currency Security 
in relation to the Issuer (except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to a Security 
Deed) for two years (or, if later, the longest suspense period, preference period or similar period, 
howsoever described, ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered 
into by the Issuer within such period may be subject to challenge under applicable insolvency or 
other proceeding) plus one day after the date on which all amounts payable under the last 
outstanding security of any class issued by the Issuer and constituted by the Trust Instrument are 
repaid, nor shall they have any claim in respect of any other assets of the Issuer. 
3.3 
The obligations of the Issuer under, and in connection with these Conditions are solely corporate 
obligations of the Issuer. Neither the Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any Security Holder shall 
have any recourse against any shareholder, director, officer or agent of the Issuer for any claim, 
loss, liability or expense suffered or incurred by it under, or in connection with, these Conditions 
other than as permitted at law. 
4 
FORM AND TRANSFER 
4.1 
Collateralised Currency Securities are in registered form and are individually transferable. 
4.2 
Collateralised Currency Securities may be held and transferred in Uncertificated Form by means of 
CREST in accordance with the Regulations. The Trustee may, without the consent of Security 
Holders, concur with the Issuer in making modifications to the provisions of the Trust Instrument in 
order to reflect changes in the Regulations or in the applicable law and practice relating to the holding 
or transfer of Collateralised Currency Securities in Uncertificated Form. A Security Holder may 
request that his Collateralised Currency Securities be held in Certificated Form, in which case such 
Collateralised Currency Securities shall be removed from CREST. 
4.3 
The Issuer shall at all times keep at its registered office, or at such other place in Jersey as the 
Trustee may agree, registers showing the date of issue and all subsequent transfers and changes of 
ownership of all outstanding Collateralised Currency Securities and the names and addresses of the 
Security Holders and the persons deriving title under them. The Trustee and the Security Holders or 
A14.4.3(a)A 
A14.4.14 
 
A14.4.3(a)A 
A14.4.1(b)C

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
any of them and any person authorised by any such person shall be at liberty at all reasonable times 
during office hours to inspect the Registers and to take (free of charge) copies of, or extracts from, 
the same or any part thereof. In the event of the Trustee requiring to convene a meeting of or to give 
any notice to, the Security Holders the Issuer shall furnish the Trustee (free of charge) with such 
copies of, or extracts from, the Registers as it shall require. The Registers may be closed by the 
Issuer for such periods and at such times (not exceeding in the whole     30 days in any one year) 
as it may think fit. 
5 
PRICE OF COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES 
5.1 
The Price for the first Collateralised Currency Security of a particular class to be issued shall be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5.2 on the basis that in respect of (i) USD Collateralised 
Currency Securities of any class, Pi,t-1 shall be deemed to be US$50 and DAi,t shall be deemed to be 
zero, (ii) Euro Collateralised Currency Securities of any class, Pi,t-1 shall be deemed to be Euro 50 and 
DAi,t shall be deemed to be zero, and (iii) GBP Collateralised Currency Securities of any class, Pi,t-1 
shall be deemed to be GBP 50 and DAi,t shall be deemed to be zero, and such Price shall be treated 
as being the Price for such class on the Pricing Day which is, where such Collateralised Currency 
Security is issued following: 
(a) 
an Index Creation Notice, the day on which such Index Creation Notice is confirmed by a 
Currency Transaction Counterparty under the Facility Agreement with such Currency 
Transaction Counterparty; or 
(b) 
an Agreed Creation Notice, the day on which such Agreed Creation Notice is received or (if 
later) deemed to be received by the Issuer under the Facility Agreement with the 
Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty, 
(the First Pricing Day). After the First Pricing Day for a Collateralised Currency Security of any 
class, the Price for Collateralised Currency Securities of such class shall be calculated on each later 
Pricing Day in accordance with Condition 5.2. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a First Pricing Day has occurred in respect of a class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities prior to 14 June 2010 nothing in this modified Clause 5.1 shall be 
construed to invalidate the occurrence of such First Pricing Day. 
5.2 
The Price of a Collateralised Currency Security of any particular class on any Pricing Day (other 
than on the First Pricing Day for such class) will be an amount in the Relevant Currency calculated 
using the following formula (calculated to 7 decimal places with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)  = 𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1)  × ቆ𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
−𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ቇ 
where: 
i 
refers to the class of such Collateralised Currency Security; 
t 
refers to such Pricing Day; 
t-1 
refers to the Pricing Day next before Pricing Day t; 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Collateralised Currency Security of class i on Pricing Day t; Pi,t       
Pi,t-1 
is the Price of a Collateralised Currency Security of class i on Pricing Day t-1; 
Ii,t 
is the Closing Level of the Currency Index applicable to a Collateralised Currency Security of 
class i in respect of Pricing Day t; 
Ii,t-1 
is the Closing Level of the Currency Index applicable to a Collateralised Currency Security of 
class i in respect of Pricing Day t-1; 
DAi,t is the daily adjustment in respect of a Collateralised Currency Security of class i on Pricing Day 
t, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
A14.4.5

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 = ൬𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡
𝐷𝐷
+ 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡 ൰
× 𝑁𝑁𝑡𝑡 
where: 
MFi, t  is the Management Fee (expressed as a percentage) in respect of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of class i on calendar day t; 
DSi, t   is the Daily Spread in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of class i on Pricing Day t; 
D 
refers to the number of days in the calendar year in which calendar day t falls; 
Nt 
refers to the number of calendar days from and including the Pricing Day immediately 
preceding Pricing Day t to but excluding Pricing Day t. 
6 
REDEMPTION OF COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES BY SECURITY HOLDERS 
Redemption Entitlement 
6.1 
Subject to Condition 7, each Collateralised Currency Security of any class carries the right on 
Redemption to payment of, the higher of: 
(a) 
the Principal Amount for that class; and 
(b) 
the Price determined in accordance with Condition 5 of that Collateralised Currency Security 
less in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee, 
determined as of the Pricing Date relevant to such Redemption. 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
6.2 
A Security Holder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) on a 
Pricing Day require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Collateralised Currency 
Securities by lodging with the Issuer a valid Redemption Form specifying either Index Pricing or 
Agreed Pricing. 
Redemption by Other Security Holders 
6.3 
A Security Holder of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class which is not also an Authorised 
Participant may require the Issuer to Redeem all or any part of its holding of such Collateralised 
Currency Securities only if either: 
(a) 
on any Pricing Day or in the case of CNY Securities, any London Business Day, there are no 
Authorised Participants, and the Security Holder submits to the Issuer on such day a valid 
Index Redemption Form; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has announced by RIS in respect of any such day, or until further announcement or 
generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders of such Collateralised Currency Securities 
which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted and the Security Holder submits to the 
Issuer on a Pricing Day or in the case of CNY Securities, any London Business Day a valid 
notice in the form prescribed for the purpose by the Issuer requesting Redemption of such 
Collateralised Currency Securities using Index Pricing and any such announcement may be 
general or subject to conditions, and any such notice requesting any Redemption which is not 
in accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
Redemption Amount 
6.4 
The Redemption Amount with respect to a Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities of any 
class shall be the amount in the Relevant Currency equal to the sum of the amounts determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.1 in respect of all such Collateralised Currency Securities thereby 
Redeemed. 
6.5 
The Issuer shall on the Redemption Payment Date in respect of any Redemption of Collateralised 
Currency Securities required by a Security Holder in accordance with these Conditions pay (or

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
procure the payment of) the Redemption Amount in respect of that Redemption into the Redemption 
Account in respect of such Security Holder provided that: 
(a) 
if five consecutive days which would have been a Redemption Payment Date are not a 
Redemption Payment Date on account of there having occurred one or more Collateral 
Administrator Suspension Days on or after T, then the relevant Redemption Payment Date 
shall be deemed to occur on the sixth such day (a Deemed Redemption Payment Date); and 
(b) 
(without prejudice to any other rights of set-off which the Issuer may have in relation to any 
such Security Holder) if at any time a Redemption Amount is due to be paid by the Issuer in 
respect of a Redemption to a particular Authorised Participant, the amount payable may be 
discharged in whole or in part by set-off pursuant to any set-off provisions contained in the 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
Redemption Limits 
6.6 
No Collateralised Currency Security of any class may be Redeemed on a day pursuant to an Index 
Redemption Form: 
(a) 
submitted by any Security Holder (including any Authorised Participant), to the extent that the 
Closing of any Corresponding Currency Transaction corresponding to the Redemption of such 
Collateralised Currency Security would (together with the Closing of all other Currency 
Transactions corresponding to the Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities of such 
class on that day): 
(i) 
exceed the sum of all the Maximum Closing Limits for such class applicable to such 
Closing on that day (such sum being the Redemption Limit for that class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities); or 
(ii) 
fail to satisfy any Minimum Closing Limit agreed with a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty with whom the Issuer may effect such Closing unless such Currency 
Transaction Counterparty agrees to effect such Closing; or 
(b) 
submitted by any Authorised Participant, to the extent that the Closing of any Currency 
Transaction corresponding to the Redemption of such Collateralised Currency Security would 
(together with the Closing of all other Currency Transactions corresponding to the Redemption 
of Collateralised Currency Securities of such class on that day): 
(i) 
exceed the sum of the Maximum Closing Limits for such class agreed by the Issuer 
with each Currency Transaction Counterparty for which that Authorised Participant is 
an Authorised Participant applicable to such Closing on that day (such limit being the 
Authorised Participant Redemption Limit for that class of Collateralised Currency 
Securities and that Authorised Participant); or 
(ii) 
fail to satisfy any Minimum Closing Limit with any such Currency Transaction 
Counterparty with whom the Issuer may effect such Closing unless such Currency 
Transaction Counterparty agrees nevertheless to effect such Closing. 
6.7 
For the purposes of the Redemption Limits, Redemption Forms will be dealt with in order of their 
actual receipt by the Issuer and within any Redemption Form requests to Redeem Collateralised 
Currency Securities shall be dealt with in the order in which such Collateralised Currency Securities are 
listed on that Redemption Form and, for the purpose of this Condition, Condition 6.11 shall be 
disregarded. 
Index Pricing 
6.8 
An Index Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if it does not specify the number and class of any Collateralised Currency Securities to be 
Redeemed; 
(b) 
for an Index Redemption Form lodged by an Authorised Participant, if it is received by the 
Issuer at any time other than between 8.00 a.m. and the Notice Deadline on any Pricing Day 
or in the case of CNY Securities, any London Business Day unless the Issuer agrees to treat

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
such Index Redemption Form as being received at 8.00 a.m. on the next following Pricing Day 
pursuant to Condition 6.11; 
(c) 
to the extent it does not specify the Redemption Account into which the Redemption Amount 
shall be payable in respect of any Collateralised Currency Security to be Redeemed; 
(d) 
to the extent that the number of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class or in aggregate 
to be Redeemed would result in: 
(i) 
a Redemption Limit being exceeded, where the relevant Currency Transaction 
Counterparty does not (or Currency Transaction Counterparties do not) agree to that 
Redemption Limit being exceeded (in which event such Index Redemption Form will 
not be capable of being invalidated under this Condition 6.8(d) in respect of the greatest 
number of Collateralised Currency Securities of the relevant class or classes that would 
not result in the Redemption Limit being exceeded); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer being unable to satisfy a Minimum Closing Limit in respect of such class on 
such day agreed with any Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty with 
whom the Issuer needs to effect such Closing unless such Currency Transaction 
Counterparty agrees to effect such Closing; 
(e) 
to the extent, if the Index Redemption Form is submitted by an Authorised Participant, that the 
number of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class or in aggregate to be Redeemed 
would result in: 
(i) 
an Authorised Participant Redemption Limit being exceeded (in which event such Index 
Redemption Form shall not be capable of being invalidated under this Condition 6.8(e) in 
respect of the greatest number of Collateralised Currency Securities of the relevant 
class that would not result in the Authorised Participant Redemption Limit being 
exceeded); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer being unable to satisfy a Minimum Closing Limit in respect of such class with 
any Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of which the 
Authorised Participant is appointed as Authorised Participant for such class with whom 
the Issuer needs to effect such Closing unless such Currency Transaction Counterparty 
agrees nevertheless to effect such Closing; 
(f) 
to the extent it relates to a class of Collateralised Currency Securities and unless otherwise 
notified by RIS announcement, where notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of 
Collateralised Currency Securities of such class has been given (or has been deemed to occur) 
in accordance with 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4 (or an intention to notify a Compulsory Redemption 
Date has been given under Clause 7.3), if the Index Redemption Form is received or deemed 
received on or after the date of such notice; 
(g) 
to the extent that, on the day it is received (or deemed received by the Issuer) until the Pricing 
Date (if different) any of the following events has occurred and is continuing: 
(i) 
an event in respect of either the Issuer or a Currency Transaction Counterparty (the 
Affected Party) which is an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default under an 
ISDA Master Agreement or a Global Master Repurchase Agreement with such 
Currency Transaction Counterparty (or, in relation to any Corresponding Currency 
Transaction an event which is, or with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, 
would become a Termination Event in relation to such Corresponding Currency 
Transaction under that ISDA Master Agreement); 
(ii) 
such day being a Collateral Administrator Suspension Day in respect of each Currency 
Transaction Counterparty with whom the Issuer would need to enter into a 
Corresponding Currency Transaction in respect of any Collateralised Currency Security 
the subject of such Index Redemption Form; or 
(iii) 
an Index Event in relation to a Currency Index relevant to any class of Collateralised 
Currency Securities the subject of such Index Redemption Form, and

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
as a result the Issuer is unable to effect a Closing of any Corresponding Currency Transaction 
in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities the subject of such Index 
Redemption Form; 
(h) 
to the extent that it relates to the Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities that are the 
subject of a Listing Failure; 
(i) 
to the extent that it is invalid pursuant to Condition 6.18; 
(j) 
unless the Issuer otherwise agrees in its absolute discretion, if such Index Redemption Form is 
lodged by an Authorised Participant on any day and another Index Redemption Form has been 
lodged (not including an Index Redemption Form deemed lodged) by that Authorised 
Participant on or in respect of such day; or 
(k) 
to the extent that it specifies one or more classes of New Class Securities and a Currency 
Transaction Counterparty has given notice by no later than 2.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
relevant Pricing Day that it has incurred or there is a reasonable likelihood that it will incur a 
materially increased cost of hedging Currency Transactions of a class corresponding to one 
or more classes of such New Class Securities as compared with the circumstances existing 
on, in the case of MSIP, 23 June 2014, and in the case of another Currency Transaction 
Counterparty, such date on which it becomes a Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect 
of the New Class Securities, 
and no Collateralised Currency Securities shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that Index 
Redemption Form to the extent that such Redemption Form is invalid. 
6.9 
If the Issuer considers that a purported Index Redemption Form submitted by a Security Holder is 
invalid in whole or in part, it shall notify the Security Holder of that fact as soon as reasonably 
possible. The Issuer shall not be obliged to Redeem pursuant to an Index Redemption Form any 
Collateralised Currency Securities where the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty has not 
confirmed the Closing of a corresponding Currency Transaction in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Facility Agreement. 
6.10 If an Index Redemption Form in relation to a class of Collateralised Currency Securities is deemed 
received by the Issuer (pursuant to Condition 6.11) on a London Business Day (Day 1) which is an 
Index Disruption Day for such Collateralised Currency Securities: 
(a) 
the Security Holder may by written notice to the Issuer, sent before the Notice Deadline on the 
next succeeding Pricing Day, cancel the Index Redemption Form, and where such notice is 
given no Collateralised Currency Securities shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that 
Index Redemption Form; and 
(b) 
if no notice is issued under Condition 6.10(a) then the Index Redemption Form will be deemed 
received by the Issuer on the Pricing Day next following Day 1(and no redemption of such 
Collateralised Currency Securities for that Index Redemption Form shall occur before then) in 
priority to any Index Redemption Form received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline on 
such next Pricing Day pursuant to Condition 6.11 and that next Pricing Day will then constitute 
Day 1 for the Index Redemption Form and this Condition 6.10 shall apply thereto accordingly. 
6.11 
Where an Index Redemption Form is received by the Issuer on a Pricing Day or in the case of CNY 
Securities, London Business Day after the Notice Deadline the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged 
to) agree to treat that Index Redemption Form as being received at 8.00 a.m. on the next following 
Pricing Day or in the case of CNY Securities, London Business Day. 
6.12 Within one Business Day after the Pricing Date in respect of any Index Redemption Form, the Issuer 
shall notify the relevant Security Holder of the Redemption Amount payable in respect of that Index 
Redemption Form, determined as provided above. 
6.13 The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Index Redemption Forms on 5 
days prior notice by RIS announcement and these Conditions shall be modified accordingly. 
Agreed Pricing 
6.14 A Currency Transaction Counterparty and an Authorised Participant may submit an Agreed 
Redemption Form to the Issuer (either jointly, or in separate notices). An Agreed Redemption Form is

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
conclusive evidence that the Currency Transaction Counterparty and the Authorised Participant have 
agreed upon the Redemption by the Issuer of the number and class (or classes) of Collateralised 
Currency Securities specified in the notice(s). 
6.15 If a Currency Transaction Counterparty and an Authorised Participant purport to send an Agreed 
Redemption Form by separate notices: 
(a) 
which are inconsistent with one another in relation to any of the items referred to in Condition 
6.17(a) or 6.17(b); or 
(b) 
one of which is invalid under Condition 6.17, 
those notices shall not constitute a valid Agreed Redemption Form and the Issuer shall reject the notices 
and advise that Currency Transaction Counterparty and that Authorised Participant accordingly. 
6.16 Where an Agreed Redemption Form is submitted by separate notices from the Authorised 
Participant and a Currency Transaction Counterparty, the Issuer shall be deemed to have received the 
Agreed Redemption Form at the time that it is deemed to receive the second of the two notices. 
6.17 An Agreed Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if it does not set out the number and class of any Collateralised Currency Securities to be 
Redeemed; 
(b) 
if it does not set out the Redemption Payment Date for the Redemption of such Collateralised 
Currency Securities, which shall be not earlier than one London Business Day following the day on 
which the Agreed Redemption Form is received or deemed received by the Issuer; and 
(c) 
to the extent that, on the date it is received or deemed to be received by the Issuer any of the 
following events has occurred and is continuing: 
(i) 
an event in respect of either the Issuer or the relevant Currency Transaction 
Counterparty (the Affected Party) which is an Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default under the ISDA Master Agreement with such Currency Transaction 
Counterparty (or, in relation to any Corresponding Currency Transaction an event which 
is, or with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would become a Termination 
Event in relation to such Corresponding Currency Transaction under that ISDA Master 
Agreement); 
(ii) 
such day being a Collateral Administrator Suspension Day in respect of each Currency 
Transaction Counterparty with whom the Issuer would need to enter into a 
Corresponding Currency Transaction in respect of any Collateralised Currency Security 
the subject of such Agreed Redemption Form: or 
(iii) 
an Index Event in relation to a Currency Index relevant to any class of Collateralised 
Currency Securities the subject of such Agreed Redemption Form, and 
as a result the Issuer is unable to effect a Closing of any Corresponding Currency Transaction 
with the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of any class of Collateralised 
Currency Securities the subject of such Agreed Redemption Form. 
Suspension of Redemptions 
6.18 If: 
(a) 
on any Pricing Day the Price of a class of Collateralised Currency Securities (less, in the case 
of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee that would be payable on such Pricing 
Day) falls below its Principal Amount the Issuer may at any time and from time to time while 
the Price in relation to such class is below such Principal Amount suspend the right to Redeem 
Collateralised Currency Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 6.1; or 
(b) 
there is a Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the Corresponding Currency Transaction 
Counterparty for any class of Collateralised Currency Securities, the Issuer may at any time 
and from time to time while such Counterparty Event of Default is continuing suspend the right 
to Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 6.1,

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
and, in each case subject as provided in this Condition 6.18, may terminate either such suspension at any 
time. The following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this 
Condition: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not 
prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(ii) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 
30 Pricing Days, and may continue thereafter (save in the case of a suspension based 
on a Counterparty Event of Default) provided that notice of a meeting has been issued 
convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 Pricing Days after the date of the 
notice for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the 
effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level less than the Price, in which event the 
suspension will cease when the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the 
Extraordinary Resolution is passed and makes alternative provision, in accordance with 
the Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iii) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed 
before the suspension commenced, but any Index Redemption Form lodged or deemed 
to be received on a Pricing Day when the right to Redeem Collateralised Currency 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 6.1 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 
shall be invalid; 
(iv) 
if the right to Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities of that class pursuant to 
Condition 6.1 is suspended pursuant to this Condition as at 6.30 p.m. (London time) on 
the second Pricing Day prior to a Compulsory Redemption Date for that class pursuant 
to Condition 7.3, then notwithstanding that a number of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of that class may have been specified pursuant to that Condition which is not 
all of those Collateralised Currency Securities, such Compulsory Redemption Date shall 
be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all of the Collateralised Currency Securities of that 
class. 
7 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE  
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
7.1 
The Issuer may at any time: 
(a) 
(upon not less than seven days’ notice in the case of (i) below or not less than thirty days’ 
notice in the case of (ii) below) by RIS announcement nominate a Pricing Day to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date for all Collateralised Currency Securities, or all or some only of 
the Collateralised Currency Securities of any one or more classes, if: 
(i) 
notice is given by a party to a Facility Agreement terminating that Facility Agreement or 
notifying a Compulsory Closing Date thereunder in respect of one or more Currency 
Transactions created thereunder; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer elects to Redeem all Collateralised Currency Securities, or all or some only 
of the Collateralised Currency Securities of any one or more classes; or 
(b) 
by RIS announcement nominate a Pricing Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for a 
class of Collateralised Currency Securities, or all or some only of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities of such class, if: 
(i) 
an Early Termination Date has been set in relation to a Corresponding Currency 
Transaction for such class under an ISDA Master Agreement (provided that such 
Compulsory Redemption Date shall be no earlier than such Early Termination Date); or 
(ii) 
a final Daily Payment Amount has become due and payable in relation to a 
Corresponding Currency Transaction for such class under an ISDA Master Agreement 
following the occurrence of one or more Collateral Administrator Suspension Days, or 
(c) 
(upon not less than five days’ notice) by RIS announcement nominate any day to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date for a class of Collateralised Currency Securities or all or some

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
only of the Collateralised Currency Securities of such class, if the Issuer determines that a 
Hedging Disruption Event has occurred in respect of such class; and 
where the Issuer elects to Redeem some only of the Collateralised Currency Securities of any class, 
the Issuer shall Redeem from each Security Holder, a number of Collateralised Currency Securities 
of such class held by such Security Holder calculated on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number 
of such Collateralised Currency Securities held by such Security Holder relative to those held by all 
other Security Holders and, where such calculation would not give rise to a whole number, rounded 
up to the nearest whole number. 
Compulsory Redemption on Default 
7.2 
 
7.2.1 If: 
(a) 
a Defaulted Obligation has occurred and is continuing in respect of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of any class (other than where an Issuer Insolvency Event or a Counterparty Event 
of Default in respect of a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty for such class, has 
occurred and is continuing at such time); or 
(b) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing; or 
(c) 
a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and as a result any 
Redemption Notice in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class (the affected 
class) issued on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid pursuant to 
Condition 6.8(g) or 6.17(c) or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such 
affected class for a period of 30 Pricing Days, 
the Trustee shall if so directed in writing by: 
(i) 
in the case of a Defaulted Obligation (as described in Condition 7.2.1(a)), Security 
Holders of the Relevant Exposed Classes holding not less than 10 per cent. by Principal 
Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written notice) of 
Collateralised Currency Securities of such Relevant Exposed Classes as at such date; 
(ii) 
in the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event, Security Holders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written 
notice) of all the Collateralised Currency Securities of all classes then outstanding; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Counterparty Event of Default, Security Holders of the Relevant 
Affected Classes holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date 
of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written notice) of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of those Relevant Affected Classes as at such date, 
subject to the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that: 
(aa)  In the case of a Defaulted Obligation (as described in Condition 7.2.1(a)), all of the 
Relevant Exposed Classes of Collateralised Currency Securities outstanding, 
(bb)  in the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of the Collateralised Currency Securities 
outstanding; 
(cc)   in the case of a Counterparty Event of Default, all of the Relevant Affected Classes  of 
Collateralised Currency Securities outstanding, 
are required to be Redeemed and nominating a Pricing Day falling not less than 20 Pricing Days (or 
two Pricing Days in the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event) from the giving of such notice to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date. 
7.2.2 If: 
(a) 
a CTC Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing; and

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
(b) 
the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty has instructed the Security Trustee in writing 
to enforce the security over the Counterparty Collateral Pool under the relevant Security Deed 
relating to such CTC Enforcement Event; and 
(c) 
the Security Trustee has notified the Trustee that it has received such notice and has been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Security Deed (the date of such notice, the Notification Date), 
a Compulsory Redemption Date shall automatically occur in respect of all Relevant Affected Classes 
of Collateralised Currency Securities outstanding on the Pricing Day falling 20 Pricing Days from the 
Notification Date. 
7.2.3 If a Compulsory Redemption Date is set in respect of one or more classes of Collateralised Currency 
Securities following the occurrence of either: 
(a) 
a Counterparty Event of Default in accordance with Condition 7.2.1; or 
(b) 
a CTC Enforcement Event in accordance with Condition 7.2.2, 
and the Issuer determines prior to such Compulsory Redemption Date to allocate the Counterparty 
Collateral Pool which relates to the Currency Transaction Counterparty subject to such Counterparty 
Event of Default or to the Relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty (as applicable) to a new class 
of Collateralised Currency Securities in accordance with Condition 15.5 (the New Securities) only the 
New Securities (and not the Existing Class) shall be Redeemed on such Compulsory Redemption 
Date pursuant to this Condition 7.2. 
Compulsory Redemption due to Index Disruption 
7.3 
The Issuer may at any time by RIS announcement nominate any day to be a Compulsory 
Redemption Date or give notice of its intention to do so for all (or some only) of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities of any class if there is an Index Event in relation to such class or a Disruption 
Event in relation to a Corresponding Currency Transaction for such class or the Index Provider has 
given notice to the Issuer of its intent to discontinue calculation and notification of that Currency Index 
and where the Issuer elects to Redeem some only of the Collateralised Currency Securities of any 
class, the Issuer shall Redeem from each Security Holder, a number of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of such class held by such Security Holder calculated on a pro rata basis in proportion to 
the number of such Collateralised Currency Securities held by such Security Holder relative to those 
held by all other Security Holders and, where such calculation would not give rise to a whole number, 
rounded up to the nearest whole number. 
Compulsory Redemption on a fall in the Price relative to the Principal Amount 
7.4 
If on any Pricing Day the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee 
that would be payable on such Pricing Day) of any class of Collateralised Currency Security falls to 
5 times the Principal Amount of such Collateralised Currency Security or below, the Issuer may at 
any time, for so long as the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption 
Fee that would be payable on such Pricing Day) continues to be less than 5 times the Principal 
Amount of such Collateralised Currency Security, upon not less than 2 days’ notice by RIS 
announcement nominate a Pricing Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of that class 
of Collateralised Currency Security and subject to Condition 3.2 investors will receive a sum on such 
Compulsory Redemption calculated in accordance with Condition 7.9. The right to nominate a Pricing 
Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date pursuant to this Condition 7.4 shall cease if an 
Extraordinary Resolution is passed which has the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level 
less than one tenth of the Price (less, in the case of CNY Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee 
that would be payable on such Pricing Day), but this is without prejudice to any subsequent 
nomination pursuant to this Condition if on any Pricing Day the Price (less, in the case of CNY 
Securities, any Additional Redemption Fee that would be payable on such Pricing Day) of that class 
of Collateralised Currency Security falls to 5 times the Principal Amount (as so reduced) of such 
Collateralised Currency Security or below. 
Compulsory Redemption for cause

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
7.5 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time by written notice to a Security Holder nominate 
a Pricing Day (being not less than seven Pricing Days and not more than fourteen Pricing Days 
following the date of the notice) to be a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of Collateralised 
Currency Securities held by that Security Holder, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer requires the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 11 to certify whether or 
not it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the Security Holder does not, as determined 
by the Issuer in its absolute discretion, provide such certification, or (ii) the Security Holder 
certifies that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(b) 
the Issuer requires the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 11 to certify whether or 
not it is a Prohibited US Person and (i) the Security Holder does not, as determined by the 
Issuer in its absolute discretion, provide such certification, or (ii) the Security Holder certifies 
that it is a Prohibited US Person; or 
(c) 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (a) that such Collateralised Currency Securities are 
or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law, regulation 
or requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own those 
Collateralised Currency Securities, or (b) that the ownership or holding or continued ownership 
or holding of those Collateralised Currency Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction 
with any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security 
Holders which it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(i) or (b)(i) so failed to 
provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) or (b)(ii) certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, in each case in respect of some only of 
the Collateralised Currency Securities held by it, a notice given by the Issuer under this Condition shall 
relate only to those Collateralised Currency Securities (and not any other Collateralised Currency 
Securities held by that Security Holder). 
7.6 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 7.5 provides to the Issuer prior 
to the Notice Deadline on the Compulsory Redemption Date proof required by the Issuer that its 
Collateralised Currency Securities have been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the Collateralised Currency Securities referred to in 
that notice shall not be redeemed under these Conditions. 
7.7 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 7.5 does not provide to the 
Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline on the Compulsory Redemption Date proof required by the Issuer 
that its Collateralised Currency Securities have been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the Collateralised Currency Securities referred 
to in that notice shall not be capable of being transferred by that Security Holder and the Issuer shall 
not be required to register any purported transfer of those Collateralised Currency Securities. 
7.8 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination or declaration 
taken or made in accordance with Condition 7.5. The exercise of the powers conferred by Condition 
7.5 shall not be questioned or invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was insufficient 
evidence of direct or beneficial ownership or holding of the Collateralised Currency Securities, or 
any other grounds save that such powers shall have been exercised in good faith. 
Compulsory Redemptions 
7.9 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7.11, where a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of any 
class of Collateralised Currency Securities is notified or occurs in accordance with these Conditions 
other than pursuant to Condition 7.5, in respect thereof: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall, no later than 8.00 a.m. on the Compulsory Redemption Date, by RIS 
announcement publish the Compulsory Daily Amount in respect of such class for each 
successive Pricing Day commencing on the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall agree to Redeem as of the Compulsory Redemption Date and as of each 
succeeding Pricing Day (or in the case of a Compulsory Redemption Date notified pursuant to 
Condition 7.3 where the applicable Currency Index has not been published, as of each 
succeeding London Business Day), Collateralised Currency Securities of such class up to but

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
not exceeding the applicable Compulsory Daily Amount for such Pricing Day and such class 
until Collateralised Currency Securities of that class in a number equal to the Compulsory 
Redemption Number for that class have been Redeemed; 
(c) 
subject to Condition 7.9(e) and Condition 3.2, on the Redemption Payment Date for such 
Compulsory Redemption the Issuer shall (subject to the Security Holder depositing the 
Collateralised Currency Securities in question into an appropriate CREST account or 
otherwise delivering such Collateralised Currency Securities to the Issuer by agreement with 
the Issuer) pay into the appropriate Redemption Account(s) the sum of the Compulsory 
Redemption Prices or, if higher in each case but not in aggregate, the Principal Amounts of all 
Collateralised Currency Securities thereby Redeemed; 
(d) 
subject to Condition 7.9(e) and Condition 3.2, each Redemption Account shall be credited 
with the relevant Security Holder’s pro-rata share of the sum of the Compulsory Redemption 
Prices or, if higher in each case but not in aggregate, the Principal Amounts of all 
Collateralised Currency Securities thereby Redeemed (and the Issuer shall be under no 
obligation to make payment of the amount so priced until that amount shall have been 
determined); 
(e) 
the Issuer shall calculate as at the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of each 
Collateralised Currency Security being Redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.9, the amount 
which the holder of such Collateralised Currency Security would be entitled to pursuant to 
Condition 3.2 after the Security Trustee or secured party had realised the Class Collateral Pool 
for such class (the Entitlement Amount). To the extent that the Entitlement Amount is less 
than the amount payable by the Issuer to such Security Holder pursuant to Condition 7.9(c) 
and 7.9(d), the Issuer’s obligation to make payment of such amount shall be satisfied by the 
payment of the Entitlement Amount and no further obligation shall arise and any indebtedness 
in respect of such amount, to the extent it exceeds the Entitlement Amount, shall be 
unconditionally extinguished; 
(f) 
upon payment in full of that amount all such Collateralised Currency Securities which were so 
Redeemed shall be cancelled. 
7.10 Where a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class 
is notified to a Security Holder in accordance with Condition 7.5: 
(a) 
the Redemption Amount with respect to such Redemption shall be the amount (in the Relevant 
Currency) equal to the product of the sum of the Compulsory Redemption Number for such 
Collateralised Currency Securities determined in accordance with paragraph (b) and the 
higher of the Price (for such securities) less, in the case of CNY Securitie, any Additional 
Redemption Fee that would be payable in respect of such securities and the Principal Amount; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall Redeem on the Compulsory Redemption Date (in accordance with Condition 
7.10(c)) and on each succeeding Pricing Day, Collateralised Currency Securities of such class 
up to but not exceeding the applicable Compulsory Daily Amount (for such Pricing Day and 
such class) until Collateralised Currency Securities of that class in a number equal to the 
Compulsory Redemption Number for that class have been Redeemed; 
(c) 
the Issuer shall effect a Redemption of any Collateralised Currency Securities pursuant to this 
Condition 7.10 by paying the Redemption Amount into the appropriate Redemption 
Account(s): 
(i) 
where the relevant Redemption Payment Date is before the T+2 Implementation Date, 
within three Relevant Business Days of the Redemption Payment Date for such 
Compulsory Redemption; and 
(ii) 
where the relevant Redemption Payment Date is on or after the T+2 Implementation 
Date, within two Relevant Business Days of the Redemption Payment Date for such 
Compulsory Redemption, 
(d) 
provided that the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any such payment unless and until 
the Security Holder deposits the Collateralised Currency Securities in question into a CREST 
account as specified by the Issuer for such purpose (and the Issuer has received confirmation 
of such deposit) or otherwise delivers such Collateralised Currency Securities to the Issuer in

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
such manner as may be agreed by the Issuer or unless all such Collateralised Currency 
Securities are cancelled to the satisfaction of the Issuer; 
(e) 
the Issuer shall calculate as at the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of each 
Collateralised Currency Security being Redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.10, the amount 
which the holder of such Collateralised Currency Security would be entitled to pursuant to 
Condition 3.2 after the Security Trustee or secured party had realised the Class Collateral Pool 
for such class (the Entitlement Amount). To the extent that the Entitlement Amount is less 
than the amount payable by the Issuer to such Security Holder pursuant to Condition 7.10(c), 
the Issuer’s obligation to make payment of such amount shall be satisfied by the payment of the 
Entitlement Amount and no further obligation shall arise and any indebtedness in respect of 
such amount, to the extent it exceeds the Entitlement Amount, shall be unconditionally 
extinguished. 
7.11 Where: 
(a) 
a Compulsory Redemption Date is notified or occurs pursuant to Condition 7.2 in respect of a 
class of Collateralised Currency Securities; and 
(b) 
the payment of the Compulsory Redemption Amount with respect to such class is dependent on 
the enforcement by the Security Trustee of all (but not some only) Counterparty Collateral Pools 
forming the Gross Class Collateral Pool for such class in accordance with Condition 12.1, 
the Compulsory Redemption Amount shall fall due for payment on the Redemption Payment Date 
relating to such Compulsory Redemption Date and the provisions of Condition 7.9(a) and (b) shall not 
apply. 
7.12 When calculating the Entitlement Amount, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on valuations of 
securities and other assets provided to it by the Collateral Administrator or such other Investment 
Advisor as it may from time to time appoint. In making such calculation the Issuer may convert one 
currency to another currency at such exchange rate as may be available to it at that time. 
8 
SETTLEMENT OF REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
8.1 
Where a Redemption Form has been given for the Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities 
of any class, the Security Holder which holds those Collateralised Currency Securities which are the 
subject of that Redemption must deposit the Collateralised Currency Securities in question into an 
appropriate CREST account and give correct delivery versus payment instructions in accordance with 
the Redemption Notice if they were in Uncertificated Form, or otherwise deliver the Collateralised 
Currency Securities to be Redeemed and any certificates representing them to the Issuer in such 
manner as the Issuer may agree if they are in Certificated Form. Once a valid Redemption Form is 
given in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities the Collateralised Currency Securities in 
respect of which it was given may not be transferred by the Security Holder (except to the Issuer), and 
the Issuer may refuse to recognise any subsequent transfer of any of those Collateralised Currency 
Securities. 
8.2 
Failure by a Security Holder to deposit those Collateralised Currency Securities into an appropriate 
CREST account and give correct delivery versus payment instructions shall not invalidate the 
Redemption of those Collateralised Currency Securities. Where settlement of a Redemption of 
Collateralised Currency Securities is delayed due to the failure of the Security Holder to deposit the 
Collateralised Currency Securities in question into an appropriate CREST account or give correct 
delivery versus payment instructions or otherwise deliver such Collateralised Currency Securities 
and any certificates representing them in a manner agreed by the Issuer, the Security Holder shall 
not be entitled to any interest on the Redemption Amount after the Redemption Payment Date. If the 
Security Holder fails to deliver such Collateralised Currency Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST 
system or another method agreed with the Issuer), the Issuer shall be entitled to pay a Redemption 
Amount (in the Relevant Currency for Collateralised Currency Securities of such class) in respect 
thereof into the Redemption Account for such currency (to be held on trust for the Security Holder), 
and to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Collateralised Currency Securities. 
8.3 
Where Collateralised Currency Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 7, the Issuer 
shall be entitled, upon payment of the Redemption Amount (less the Redemption Fee, if applicable) 
(or such lesser amount as may be due and payable pursuant to Condition 3.2, 7.9 and 7.10) into the

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
applicable Redemption Account to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Collateralised 
Currency Securities being Redeemed. 
8.4 
Payment of the Redemption Amount (less any applicable Redemption Fee deducted under 
Condition 9) (or such lesser amount as may be due and payable pursuant to Condition 3.2, 7.9 and 
7.10) into the applicable Redemption Account on the Redemption Payment Date is in full satisfaction 
of all liability which the Issuer has to Security Holders in respect of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities which have been Redeemed. 
8.5 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that a Currency Transaction Counterparty may 
have to withhold or deduct from a payment for a Closing that corresponds to any Redemption by that 
Security Holder an amount for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having 
power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue 
authority) then in effect and such notice shall specify any form or document to be delivered by 
beneficial owners of Collateralised Currency Securities that may allow the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty to make such payment without any such withholding or deduction or with such 
withholding or deduction at a reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer 
and the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty by the relevant Security Holder or if it is not the 
beneficial owner of Collateralised Currency Securities held by such Security Holder and which are to 
be redeemed, then any such payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the Issuer to 
pay any Redemption Amount to that Security Holder will also be reduced) by the amount of the 
withholding or deduction. 
8.6 
The Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities by the Issuer pursuant to the occurrence of a 
Listing Failure, and delivery of Collateralised Currency Securities by an Authorised Participant in 
connection therewith, shall be effected in accordance with the procedures set out in the applicable 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
8.7 
The Issuer may give such directions to the Security Holder as appear to the Issuer to be necessary to 
enable the settlement of any payment or delivery to be made by it pursuant to this Condition. 
9 
REDEMPTION FEE 
9.1 
Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation to 
Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption Fee from the 
Redemption Amount and that if it does not the Security Holder of such Collateralised Currency 
Securities shall pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in respect of such Redemption in accordance 
with this Condition 9. The Issuer may offset the amount of the Redemption Fee payable hereunder 
against the Redemption Amount payable to the Security Holder. 
9.2 
On a Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities at the request of an Authorised Participant, the 
Redemption Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement to be 
payable, or such other amount as may be agreed by the Issuer and that Authorised Participant at 
the time of the Redemption, regardless of the number of Collateralised Currency Securities being 
redeemed provided that such Redemption Fee shall be reduced where the payment of such 
Redemption Fee would result in a Security Holder receiving an amount less than the aggregate 
Principal Amount of such Collateralised Currency Securities being redeemed. 
9.3 
On a Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities at the request of a Security Holder who is not 
an Authorised Participant (where there are no Authorised Participants), the Redemption Fee shall 
be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer of satisfying such Redemption request, which shall be 
notified to the Security Holder at the time of the Redemption being not greater than £500 or such 
other amount as may be notified by RIS announcement provided that such Redemption Fee shall 
be reduced where the payment of such Redemption Fee would result in a Security Holder receiving an 
amount less than the aggregate Principal Amount of such Collateralised Currency Securities being 
redeemed. 
9.4 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities by the Issuer or at the request of 
the Trustee, the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in 
relation to the Redemption, including the costs of enquiries under Condition 11 and the cost of giving 
notices under Condition 8 being not greater than £500 or such other amount as may be notified 
through a RIS. The Issuer shall notify Security Holders whose Collateralised Currency Securities are

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
subject to Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs, and their allocation to particular 
Security Holders, at the time of the Redemption provided that such Redemption Fee shall be reduced 
where the payment of such Redemption Fee would result in a Security Holder receiving an amount 
less than the aggregate Principal Amount of such Collateralised Currency Securities being 
Redeemed. 
9.5 
The Issuer may set off any amount payable to the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 9 by the 
holder of Collateralised Currency Securities in respect of the Redemption Fee against the 
Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer to such holder. 
10 
SATISFACTION OF REDEMPTION FORMS BY TRANSFER 
The Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate 
number of Collateralised Currency Securities to one or more Authorised Participant(s) from Security 
Holder(s) seeking Redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on behalf of the 
Security Holder to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number(s) of 
Collateralised Currency Securities provided that the amount payable to the Security Holder shall still be an 
amount equal to the relevant Redemption Amount (less the Redemption Fee) and the relevant Redemption 
Payment Date will be the date of the transfer(s). 
11 
ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
11.1 The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a Security 
Holder requiring that Security Holder: 
(a) 
to certify, no later than the date (the Investor Notice Expiry Date) falling fifteen Pricing Days 
following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such requirement to that Security 
Holder whether that Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person or a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor (and if that Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or Prohibited US 
Person, to notify the Issuer of the number and class of Collateralised Currency Securities in 
respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or Prohibited US Person); and 
(b) 
if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US Person in 
respect of all Collateralised Currency Securities held by it), to provide to the Issuer by the 
Investor Notice Expiry Date a certificate in the form and executed in the manner determined by 
the Issuer that the Security Holder is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US Person in respect 
of certain Collateralised Currency Securities held by it, specifying the number and class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities in respect of which it is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor or is, and is not, a Prohibited US Person). 
11.2 The Issuer may provide to any Currency Transaction Counterparty copies of any enquiries made by 
it under this Condition 11 and any responses received from the Security Holder. 
11.3 The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 11, to 
assume that none of the Collateralised Currency Securities are held by Prohibited US Persons or 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors. 
12 
ENFORCEMENT 
12.1  
12.1.1 The Trustee shall: 
(a) 
if a Defaulted Obligation (other than where an Issuer Insolvency Event or a 
Counterparty Event of Default in respect of a Corresponding Currency Transaction 
Counterparty for such class, has occurred and is continuing at such time) has occurred 
and is continuing and if so directed in writing by Security Holders of the Relevant 
Exposed Classes holding not less than 10 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date 
of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written notice) of Collateralised Currency 
Securities of such Relevant Exposed Classes subject to the Trustee having: 
(i) 
first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against 
all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so 
doing; and 
A19.3.4.7

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
(ii) 
received instructions as provided in Condition 7.2, 
instruct each relevant Security Trustee to take such proceedings and/or other action as 
it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer or any other person to enforce the 
security constituted by each Security Deed forming part of any Gross Class Collateral 
Pool relevant to each Relevant Exposed Class; 
(b) 
if a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and as a result any 
Redemption Notice in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of any class issued 
on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid pursuant to Condition 
6.8(g) or 6.17(c) or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such class for 
a period of 30 Pricing Days, and if so directed in writing by Security Holders of the 
Relevant Affected Classes holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as 
at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written notice) of Collateralised 
Currency Securities of those Relevant Affected Classes subject to the Trustee having: 
(i) 
first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against 
all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by 
so doing; and 
(ii) 
received instructions as provided in Condition 7.2, 
instruct the relevant Security Trustee to take such proceedings and/or other action as 
it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer or any other person to enforce the 
security constituted by the Security Deed relating to the Currency Transaction 
Counterparty which is the subject of that Counterparty Event of Default; 
(c) 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing and shall if so directed in 
writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as 
at the date of receipt by the Trustee of the latest written notice) of all the Collateralised 
Currency Securities of all the classes then outstanding but in each case subject to the 
Trustee having: 
(i) 
first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against 
all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by 
so doing; and 
(ii) 
received instructions as provided in Condition 7.2, 
instruct any or each Security Trustee to take such proceedings and/or other action as 
it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer or any other person to enforce the 
security constituted by each Security Deed. 
12.1.2 The Security Trustee is required under the terms of each Security Deed, if a CTC Enforcement  
Event  has  occurred  and  is  continuing  which  relates  to  a  Counterparty Collateral Pool 
and if so directed in writing by the Currency Transaction Counterparty to which such 
Counterparty Collateral Pool relates, but subject to the Security Trustee having first been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which 
it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, to take such proceedings 
and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer or any other person to 
enforce the security constituted by that Security Deed in respect of such Counterparty 
Collateral Pool. 
12.1.3 If a Defaulted Obligation and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
Trustee shall, if so instructed by any Security Holder, and indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and other actions (other than to instruct 
the relevant Security Trustee to take any action to enforce the security constituted by any 
Security Deed) against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any payment obligation of the 
Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the Collateralised Currency Securities held by that 
Security Holder, subject always to the provisions of Condition 3.2. 
12.2 If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in material breach of any of the covenants, undertakings and 
obligations (other than payment obligations) in the Trust Instrument and has not remedied the same 
within 30 calendar days of being required to do so by the Trustee, the Trustee may, but shall not be 
obliged to, give notice to all Security Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such notice, the Trustee

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
shall provide a copy of the proposed notice to the Issuer and shall include with the notice any 
statement of not more than 1,000 words prepared by the Issuer and provided to the Trustee for the 
purpose within 7 calendar days of receipt of the copy of the proposed notice referred to herein. In any 
such notice the Trustee may designate a Period (the Breach Redemption Period) commencing on 
any London Business Day until the date one month from such London Business Day (inclusive) 
during which each Security Holder will be entitled to redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities held by it in the same manner as though there were no Authorised 
Participants. After the expiry of the Breach Redemption Period, the relevant breach shall be deemed 
waived without prejudice to the right of the Trustee to take action in the event of any subsequent such 
breach. 
12.3 In the event that at any time during the Breach Redemption Period the right to Redeem Collateralised 
Currency Securities of any class pursuant to Condition 6.1 is suspended pursuant to Condition 6.18, 
then the right to Redeem Collateralised Currency Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 12.2 
shall be suspended in like manner and the provisions of Condition 6.18 shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
Upon the suspension ceasing under Condition 6.18, the right to Redeem Collateralised Currency 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 12.2 shall resume and the Breach Redemption Period 
in respect of that class shall continue until the date one month from the date on which the suspension 
so ceased. 
12.4 Subject to Condition 12.5, only the Trustee or, in the case of a CTC Enforcement Event the relevant 
Currency Transaction Counterparty, may direct a Security Trustee to enforce the security constituted 
by a Security Deed. Where the Trustee has been directed to direct a Security Trustee to enforce in 
accordance with the terms thereof, the right of Security Holders to lodge a Redemption Form with 
the Registrar shall cease. Valid Redemption Forms lodged before the date the Trustee announces its 
intention to instruct a Security Trustee to enforce the security (the Election Date) will be Redeemed 
in the normal manner. 
12.5 No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee and/or 
Security Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and 
such failure is continuing, in which case any such Security Holder will have only such rights against 
the Issuer as those which the Trustee and/or Security Trustee is entitled to exercise against or in 
relation to the Issuer. 
12.6 When giving instructions to a Security Trustee (or taking enforcement action pursuant to a Security 
Deed) the Trustee (or Security Trustee) shall be entitled to rely on any advice received from the 
Collateral Administrator or such other Investment Advisor as it may from time to time appoint. In 
making any calculation the Security Trustee or its agent may convert one currency to another 
currency at such rate as may be available to it at that time. 
12.7 For the purposes of any directions to the Trustee pursuant to Condition 7.2, 13.1 or 18.1, the 
aggregate Principal Amount of any or all classes of Collateralised Currency Securities shall be 
calculated in US Dollars on the basis of an exchange rate of US$1 = Euro 1 = GBP1. 
13 
ACCOUNTS, SECURITY AND APPLICATION OF MONEYS  
Accounts 
13.1 The Issuer shall establish and maintain a Custody Account in respect of its dealings with each 
Currency Transaction Counterparty and may (but shall not be obliged to) establish a Cash Account in 
the Relevant Currency in respect of its dealings with each such person. 
13.2 The Issuer shall procure that the following securities or amounts, as applicable, are delivered or 
paid, as applicable, into and credited to the Relevant Issuer Account in respect of any Currency 
Transaction Counterparty promptly upon receipt thereof: 
(a) any amount received by or on behalf of the Issuer for the issue of any Collateralised Currency 
Security in respect of which the Issuer has a Corresponding Currency Transaction with such 
Currency Transaction Counterparty; 
(b) 
any amount paid to the Issuer from time to time by any Currency Transaction Counterparty 
pursuant to the ISDA Master Agreement with such Currency Transaction Counterparty;

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
(c) 
any securities delivered or amount paid to the Issuer from time to time pursuant to the Global 
Master Repurchase Agreement with such Currency Transaction Counterparty; and 
(d) 
all interest accrued and paid in respect of any cash balance standing to the credit of a Relevant 
Issuer Account for time to time. 
13.3 The Issuer shall procure that, subject to the provisions of the Security Deeds and any applicable 
Account Provider’s Rights, only the following securities or amounts, as applicable, are transferred 
from or paid out of, as applicable, and debited to the Relevant Issuer Account in respect of any 
Currency Transaction Counterparty: 
(a) 
any amount to be applied towards the purchase of any securities or any securities to be 
delivered to such Currency Transaction Counterparty pursuant to the terms of any Repo 
entered into under the Global Master Repurchase Agreement with such Currency Transaction 
Counterparty; 
(b) 
any Redemption Amount required to be paid by the Issuer in respect of the Redemption of any 
Collateralised Currency Security in respect of which the Issuer has (or had) entered into a 
Corresponding Currency Transaction with such Currency Transaction Counterparty; 
(c) 
any amount required to be paid from time to time to such Currency Transaction Counterparty 
pursuant to the applicable Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement; 
(d) 
any amount required to be paid from time to time to the Trustee or any Security Trustee and 
secured pursuant to the relevant Security Deed; and 
(e) 
any amount to be paid to ManJer (or any Affiliate of the Issuer) or any Affiliate under the 
Services Agreement in respect of the Management Fee. 
Application of Proceeds 
13.4 All moneys received by the Security Trustee at any time pursuant to the realisation of assets in any 
Counterparty Collateral Pool shall be held by the Security Trustee upon trust, to apply them: 
(a) 
FIRST in payment of all amounts then due to the Security Trustee and the Trustee and unpaid 
(including to any attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person appointed by either 
of them) in respect of each class to which such Counterparty Collateral Pool is relevant under 
the terms of the relevant Security Deed and the Trust Instrument (as determined by the 
Security Trustee in its absolute discretion), and to payment of any remuneration and 
expenses of any receiver and the costs of realisation of the security constituted by the relevant 
Security Deed then unpaid, (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Redemption Amounts 
owed to the Trustee under the Trust Instrument); 
(b) 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or discharge of all amounts then due and unpaid by the 
Issuer to the Currency Transaction Counterparty to which such Counterparty Collateral Pool 
relates under the Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement with such Currency Transaction Counterparty; 
(c) 
THIRDLY in or towards payment of all amounts then due and unpaid in respect of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities to which such Counterparty Collateral Pool is relevant on 
a pro rata basis as provided in Condition 13.5; 
(d) 
FOURTHLY in or towards payment or performance of all amounts then due and unpaid by the 
Issuer under the Services Agreement to ManJer (or any Affiliate of the Issuer with which the 
Issuer has entered into a Services Agreement); 
(e) 
FIFTHLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to or liability in 
respect to, any question as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with as between the 
Issuer and any other person). 
Pro Rata Basis 
13.5 The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Instrument in favour of the Trustee and in each Security 
Deed in favour of each Security Trustee on any Compulsory Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 
A19.2.2.5

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
7.2 that it will calculate the proportionate entitlement of each class of Collateralised Currency 
Securities to payments to such class from the proceeds of the assets in the relevant Counterparty 
Collateral Pool as at the Compulsory Redemption Date for such class (in proportion to the relevant 
Volume and Daily Payment Amount attributable to the Corresponding Currency Transaction of such 
class as it relates to the aggregate Volumes and Daily Payment Amounts for all classes of 
Corresponding Currency Transaction with such Currency Transaction Counterparty) in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
EPAi,t  
the proportionate entitlement in relation to assets in such Counterparty Collateral Pool 
(after deduction of any amounts payable to the Trustee, the Security Trustee or the 
Currency Transaction Counterparty in accordance with (a) and (b) above) of Collateralised 
Currency Securities of class i on day t; 
i 
refers to a class of Collateralised Currency Security to which the Counterparty Collateral 
Pool is relevant; 
j 
refers to the Currency Transaction with such Currency Transaction Counterparty which 
corresponds to class i; 
t 
refers to the Pricing Day in respect of which such calculation is to be made; 
λ 
refers to any class of Currency Transaction with such Currency Transaction Counterparty; 
n 
refers  to  the  total  number  of  classes  of  Currency  Transactions  with such Currency 
Transaction Counterparty; 
Vj,t-1  
refers to the Volume on the Pricing Day immediately preceding Pricing Day t, in relation to 
Currency Transaction j; 
Vλ,t-1     
refers to the Volume on the Pricing Day immediately preceding Pricing Day t in relation to 
a Currency Transaction with such Currency Transaction Counterparty; 
DPAj,t  
refers to the (positive or negative) Daily Payment Amount in relation to Currency 
Transaction j calculated as at Pricing Day t less (in the case of a CNY Transaction) the 
amount of any Additional Closing Fee which would be payable in respect of a Closing of 
such Currency Transaction on such Pricing Day; 
DPAλ,t  
refers to the (positive or negative) Daily Payment Amount in relation to a Currency 
Transaction calculated as at Pricing Day t less (in the case of a CNY Transaction) the 
amount of any Additional Closing Fee which would be payable in respect of a Closing of 
such Currency Transaction on such Pricing Day, 
PROVIDED THAT in respect of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities subject to 
Compulsory Redemption under Condition 7.3 as a result of a Disruption Event and where as a result 
of such Disruption Event the obligations of the Parties to the Relevant ISDA Master Agreement are 
modified or substituted with an obligation to pay another amount under the terms of that Relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement, the proportionate entitlement of such class shall be limited to the 
proportionate entitlement calculated above in relation to the Adjusted Counterparty Collateral Pool. 
13.6 The Security Trustee and the Trustee may rely absolutely on the outcome of any such calculation 
made by the Issuer as communicated to them by the Issuer, and are under no duty or obligation to 
investigate such calculation. 
13.7 If the Issuer does not perform such calculation and provide the results thereof to the Security Trustee 
and the Trustee in accordance with its covenant, then to the extent that all relevant information is 
available to the Security Trustee it may at its absolute discretion perform such calculation or engage 
an Investment Advisor to perform such calculation for it, but neither the Security Trustee nor the 
Trustee shall be under any obligation to do so.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
13.8 If within 5 days of the realisation of all the assets in a Counterparty Collateral Pool: 
(a) 
the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee has not been informed of the relevant Volume and 
Daily Payment Amount information necessary to enable it to carry out such calculation; or 
(b) 
neither the Issuer nor any Investment Advisor engaged by the Trustee or Security Trustee 
has made the calculation contemplated under Condition 13.5, 
then the Security Trustee may distribute on such basis as it considers in its absolute discretion to be 
a pro rata basis and shall have no liability to any Security Holder by virtue of so doing, subject to the 
prior payment or discharge of all prior ranking claims. 
14 
RESTRICTIONS 
14.1 So long as any Collateralised Currency Securities in any of a particular class are outstanding, the 
Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument, inter alia: 
(a) 
not to incur or permit to subsist any indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of any assets 
comprising the Gross Class Collateral Pool for such class (the relevant assets) other than: 
(i) 
Collateralised Currency Securities or Further Securities of such class; and 
(ii) 
any Daily Payment Amount Facility or Redemption Liquidity Facility; or 
(iii) 
by issuing notes to ETFSL or any Affiliate of the Issuer. 
and not to give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness of any person, save in 
each case with the prior written consent of the Trustee; 
(b) 
other than as permitted under the relevant Security Deed, these Conditions, any Facility 
Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement, Global Master Repurchase Agreement, Collateral 
Administration Agreement or the terms governing any Relevant Issuer Account not to dispose 
of any relevant assets or any interest therein, or to create any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, 
or other form of encumbrance or security interest or right of recourse in respect thereof in 
favour of any person; 
(c) 
not to undertake any business save for the issue and redemption of Collateralised Currency 
Securities the creation and closing of Currency Transactions and the entering into of Repos 
in each case entering into all necessary documents in connection with this activity and 
performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder; 
(d) 
to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times after the date three months following 
Listing there are at least two Authorised Participants and until then there is at least one 
Authorised Participant; 
(e) 
not to issue any Collateralised Currency Securities of any class unless it has created a 
corresponding Currency Transaction in respect of it under an ISDA Master Agreement; 
(f) 
not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish any permanent 
establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in any jurisdiction other than Jersey; 
(g) 
not to make any election under U.S. federal income tax laws to be treated otherwise than as 
an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
(h) 
to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of taxation for Security 
Holders; and 
(i) 
to procure that each Relevant Issuer Account is at all times maintained in a manner so that it 
is readily distinguishable from each other Relevant Issuer Account and that no contractual 
rights of combination or set-off subsist between any Relevant Issuer Account and any other 
account of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing the Issuer may: 
(i) 
issue unsecured limited recourse notes to ETFSL (or any Affiliate), and may redeem, amend, 
supplement, extend or replace such notes in accordance with the terms thereof; and

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
(ii) 
make any loan to ETFSL (or any Affiliate) of the proceeds of the issue of such notes, under 
which the Issuer may, if it determines to do so, make advances to ETFSL (including by set- 
off against such proceeds). 
15 
FURTHER SECURITIES 
15.1 Subject to its ability to create corresponding Currency Transactions, the Issuer may (without the 
consent of any Security Holders) create and issue additional classes of undated limited recourse 
secured debt securities constituted by an instrument or deed supplemental to this Trust Instrument. 
15.2 The Issuer shall not accept applications for, or issue, Collateralised Currency Securities of a new 
class under Condition 15.1 unless it has first created a corresponding Currency Transaction under 
the terms of a Facility Agreement and ISDA Master Agreement. 
15.3 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Collateralised 
Currency Securities of any class into Collateralised Currency Securities of the same class but with 
a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and Price. Such consolidation or division shall 
be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Instrument. 
15.4 Whenever as a result of consolidation of Collateralised Currency Securities a Security Holder would 
become entitled to a fraction of a Collateralised Currency Security the Issuer will Redeem such 
fraction of a Collateralised Currency Security. 
15.5 The Issuer may at any time (without the consent of the Security Holders) determine to divide the 
Gross Class Collateral Pool attributable to a class of Collateralised Currency Securities (the Existing 
Class) by allocating one or more Counterparty Collateral Pools comprised in such Gross Class 
Collateral Pool to a new class of Collateralised Currency Securities (the New Class), and if it 
determines to do so, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
prior to or on such division becoming effective, the Issuer shall create undated limited recourse 
secured securities (New Securities) of the New Class referable to the same Currency Index 
and otherwise on the same terms as the Existing Class save that: 
(i) 
the Counterparty Collateral Pools which are “relevant” to such New Class and Existing 
Class shall be as notified by the Issuer by RIS announcement; 
(ii) 
a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of a New Class 
following such division shall be a Currency Transaction Counterparty to which a 
relevant Counterparty Collateral Pool for such New Class relates after such division; 
(iii) 
a Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of an Existing Class 
following such division shall be a Currency Transaction Counterparty to which a 
relevant Counterparty Collateral Pool for such Existing Class relates after such division; 
(iv) 
the New Securities shall have a principal amount and Price determined in accordance 
with Condition 15.5(a)(v) and (vi) constituted by an instrument or deed on the same 
terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Trust Instrument (save that there shall be no obligation 
to procure Listing of the New Class) and on terms that such New Securities shall have 
recourse only to the Class Collateral Pool attributable to such New Class, and shall issue 
such New Securities to the Security Holders of the Existing Securities outstanding 
immediately prior to such division becoming effective on the basis of one New Security 
for each security of the Existing Class (Existing Security) then held (and for this 
purpose any Collateralised Currency Security in respect of which a Defaulted Obligation 
has occurred and is continuing shall be treated as outstanding); 
(v) 
the principal amount and Price of each Existing Security on such division shall be the 
Division Fraction of the Principal Amount and Price respectively of each Existing 
Security outstanding immediately prior to the division becoming effective (including any 
calculation made of the Price for that day in accordance with Condition 5); and 
(vi) 
the principal amount and Price of each New Security on such division shall be the 
differences between the principal amount and Price (respectively) of each Existing 
Security outstanding immediately prior to the division becoming effective (including any 
calculation made of the Price for that day in accordance with Condition 5) and the

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
principal amount and Price of each Existing Security as determined in accordance with 
Condition 15.5(iii). 
15.6 For the purposes of this Condition 15, the Division Fraction in relation to an Existing Security of any 
class is the aggregate of the Volumes of each Corresponding Currency Transaction with each 
Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of such class after such divisions 
divided by the aggregate Volumes of each Corresponding Currency Transaction with 
Corresponding Currency Transaction Counterparty in respect of such class immediately before such 
division. 
16 
ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE COLLATERALISED CURRENCY SECURITIES 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase or repurchase 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
17 
LISTING 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain and, so long as any of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing for the Collateralised Currency 
Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best endeavours or if the maintenance of such listing 
is agreed by the Trustee to be unduly onerous, use its best endeavours to obtain and maintain the quotation 
or listing of the Collateralised Currency Securities on such other stock exchange as it may (with the prior 
written approval of the Trustee) decide. 
18 
WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION; MEETINGS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
18.1 Subject to Condition 18.2, the Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any 
subsequent breach, but only if and in so far as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders 
shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the 
Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument or any Security Deed, 
or determine that any Defaulted Obligation, Issuer Insolvency Event or Counterparty Event of Default 
shall not be treated as such PROVIDED THAT the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on 
it by this Condition in contravention of any express direction given as provided in Condition 7.2 but 
so that no such direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or 
made. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and 
subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the Security 
Holders and, if, but only if, the Trustee shall so require, shall be notified by the Issuer to the Security 
Holders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
18.2 Security Holders in respect of any class or classes of Collateralised Currency Securities have power 
by Extraordinary Resolution to instruct the Trustee to, inter alia, (i) sanction the release of the Issuer 
from the obligation to pay money payable pursuant to the Trust Instrument, (ii) sanction any 
modification, abrogation or compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, their rights against the 
Issuer, (iii) assent to any modification or abrogation of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Trust Instrument proposed or agreed to by the Issuer and (iv) sanction other matters as provided 
therein. The Trust Instrument contains provisions relating to the convening of meetings by the Issuer 
or the Trustee and provides that, except in the case of an adjourned meeting, at least fourteen 
calendar days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is served or deemed to be served and 
of the day for which the notice is given) of every meeting, including any meeting which is being 
convened for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution, shall be given to the Security 
Holders of the relevant class or classes. In the case of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum, 
other than one convened at the requisition of Security Holders, at least seven calendar days’ notice 
(exclusive as aforesaid) should be given unless the day, time and place for the adjourned meeting is 
specified in the notice convening the original meeting. 
19 
EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in respect of each class of 
Collateralised Currency Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from time to time, and shall incur 
no liability to any person for so doing. 
20 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Trust Instrument does not provide for any prescription periods.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
21 
REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
21.1 The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three 
months’ prior written notice to the Issuer and without being responsible for any Liabilities incurred by 
reason of such retirement. The Security Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders (as a single class) appoint or remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust 
Instrument. 
21.2 The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee gives notice to its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a successor 
trustee is appointed. 
22 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
22.1 The Conditions, the Collateralised Currency Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the 
laws of Jersey. Each Security Deed is governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
22.2 The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Security Holders that the courts of 
Jersey are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Conditions and the Collateralised Currency Securities and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Conditions and the Collateralised Currency 
Securities (together referred to as Proceedings) may be brought in the courts of Jersey. The Issuer 
irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to raise any objection which it may have now 
or subsequently to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings in the courts of Jersey and any claim 
that any Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably and 
unconditionally agrees that a judgment in any Proceedings brought in the courts of Jersey shall be 
conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing 
in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
23 
TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee (or any director, officer or 
employee of the Trustee) and any Security Trustee (or any director, officer or employee of such Security 
Trustee) shall have no liability under the Trust Instrument or the Security Deed for a breach of trust and 
save in such circumstances, no Trustee (and no director, officer or employee of the Trustee) and no 
Security Trustee (and no director, officer or employee of the Security Trustee) in execution of the trusts 
and powers under the Trust Instrument or the Security Deed, shall be liable for any loss arising by reason of 
any mistake or omission by him or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful misconduct, 
gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or trustee. 
24 
AMENDMENTS TO CONDITIONS 
These Conditions may be amended as set out herein or by written agreement between the Issuer and the 
Trustee. Any amendment to these Conditions will, subject to Condition 26.2, be notified through an RIS 
announcement, and unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee shall not take effect until: 
(a) 
in the case of an amendment made pursuant to Condition 25.2(b), at least 10 calendar days following 
any such notification and at least 30 calendar days following notification by the Issuer of the identity 
of the proposed transferee or new Currency Transaction Counterparty by RIS announcement; 
(b) 
in any other case at least 30 calendar days following such notification. 
25 
AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
25.1 Pursuant to the Trust Instrument and subject to Conditions 6.13 and 25.2, the Issuer covenants that 
it will not amend, vary, modify or supplement any of the Trustee Consent Documents without the prior 
written consent of the Trustee save where that amendment is at the election of a Currency Transaction 
Counterparty to amend the terms of a Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement to substantially conform that Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement 
or Global Master Repurchase Agreement to another Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement entered into between the Issuer and another Currency 
Transaction Counterparty and by the creation or closing of Currency Transactions or the entering 
into of Repos.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
25.2 The Issuer may, without prejudice to Condition 25.4, by supplemental agreement or supplemental 
instrument or deed, as applicable, amend these Conditions, the Trust Instrument, any Security Deed 
or amend or novate any of the Trustee Consent Documents (in respect of Conditions (a), (b), (e) 
and (f) below without the consent of the Trustee), if one or more of the following applies: 
(a) 
if the amendment is to substitute for any person providing credit support (howsoever 
described) for the obligations of a Currency Transaction Counterparty under a Facility 
Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Global Master Repurchase Agreement another 
person having an Acceptable Credit Rating; 
(b) 
if the amendment or novation is (A) to effect the transfer of any Facility Agreement, ISDA 
Master Agreement or Global Master Repurchase Agreement, or any or any part of any 
Currency Transaction or Repo (or any position constituting any or any part of such Currency 
Transaction or Repo) to any Currency Transaction Counterparty or other person (the 
transferee) or to make amendments consequent upon such transfer or (B) to effect the 
appointment of a new Currency Transaction Counterparty (a new CTC), provided that (where 
such transferee is not a Currency Transaction Counterparty immediately prior to such 
amendment and novation): 
(i) 
the transferee or new CTC, as the case may be, has an Acceptable Credit Rating; 
(ii) 
such amendment or novation would not affect the Price or Principal Amount of any 
Collateralised Currency Securities; 
(iii) 
such amendment or novation would not reduce the number of Pricing Days in respect 
of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities; 
(iv) 
a Security Deed is executed and delivered in respect of the Issuer’s rights (after the 
exercise of set-off or close out netting rights of such transferee or new CTC as the case 
may be) under any ISDA Master Agreement or Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
which the Issuer enters into with such transferee or new CTC, as the case may be, and 
over any account which is either: 
(aa)  a Relevant Issuer Account established and maintained by the Issuer in respect of 
its dealings with such transferee or new CTC, as the case may be; or 
(bb)  an account of such transferee or new CTC, as the case may be, established and 
maintained by it in respect of its dealings with the Issuer in connection with 
Collateralised Currency Securities with a view to providing security to the Issuer 
in respect of such transferee’s or, as the case may be, new CTC’s obligations 
under such novated or amended documents; 
(c) 
in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is necessary or desirable and is 
not materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
(d) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error; 
(e) 
the amendment is to substitute a different currency index for one or more of the Currency 
Indices and consequential changes provided that: 
(i) 
corresponding adjustments have been agreed with each of the Currency Transaction 
Counterparties which have Currency Transactions outstanding that refer to the relevant 
Currency Index or Currency Indices; 
(ii) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the substitution of 
the index there is no change to the aggregate Price of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities of that class or classes which are the subject of the substitution; and 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least 30 calendar days have elapsed after they are 
announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
(f) 
the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the 
holders of different classes of Collateralised Currency Securities differently and the terms of 
the amendment are authorised by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
class of Collateralised Currency Security affected passed in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument; 
(g) 
Condition 25.2(f) above does not apply to the amendment and the terms of the amendment 
are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class) 
passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument; 
(h) 
the terms of the amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Trustee to comply with any statutory, taxation or other requirement of law (including as 
modified or applied in any respect to the Collateralised Currency Securities) or any Listing 
Rules or to rectify any inconsistency, technical defect, manifest error or ambiguity in the terms 
of the Trust Instrument or such Conditions, Security Deed or Trustee Consent Document; 
(i) 
such amendment relates to the terms of an Eligible Collateral Agreement; or 
(j) 
such amendment relates to an Additional Closing Fee or Additional Redemption Fee 
(including but not limited to an amendment to the definitions of those terms or the basis on 
which Additional Closing Fees or Additional Redemption Fees may be incurred or become 
payable in respect of CNY Securities and CNY Transactions, as applicable), 
Provided that the Trustee shall not (unless it otherwise agrees) be required to amend, or enter into 
any new document if it would affect its duties or liabilities or its own position. 
25.3 In the case of an amendment (other than an amendment or novation made pursuant to Condition 
25.2(b)) to a Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement, Global Master Repurchase Agreement or 
an Authorised Participant Agreement, the amendment may not take effect for at least 30 calendar 
days (or five Pricing Days if the amendment is to be made pursuant to an obligation in the Facility 
Agreement to negotiate in good faith following notice being given by either party thereto of the 
occurrence of a Material Adverse Change (as defined therein)), following publication of a notice 
thereof through a RIS and the Issuer shall not agree to any such amendment unless it does not take 
effect until such period has elapsed. 
25.4 The restrictions imposed by Conditions 24 or 25 shall not apply to any amendment to the terms of a 
Facility Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Global Master Repurchase Agreement which, under 
the terms thereof, is automatic or at the election of the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty 
in the circumstances described in Condition 25.1. 
25.5 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Condition 
25.2(a) by publishing a notice on a RIS at least 30 calendar days prior to such amendment becoming 
effective. 
25.6 Without prejudice to Condition 24(a), the Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed 
amendment or novation as referred to in Condition 25.2(b) by publishing a notice on a RIS at least 10 
calendar days prior to such amendment or novation becoming effective. 
25.7 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Conditions 
25.2(e) and 25.2(f) by publishing a notice on a RIS as soon as practicable after such amendment is 
proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective. 
25.8 The Issuer shall give Security Holders at least 30 calendar days notice of a proposed amendment to 
the Eligible Collateral Agreement as referred to in Condition 25.2(i) or, if the Trustee consents on the 
basis that such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interests of Security Holders, at least 5 
calendars day notice. 
25.9 No notice need be given of any amendment as referred to in Conditions 25.2 (c) or (h) or 25.4 unless 
the Trustee otherwise requires. 
26 
NOTICES 
26.1 Except as provided below, all notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the 
Issuer or the Registrar under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Document must be in 
writing in English. 
26.2 All notices required or permitted to be given to a Security Holder under the Trust Instrument or 
pursuant to any other Trustee Consent Document shall be made by publication through a RIS where

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
required under the terms of such document, but otherwise may be given by publication on the 
Issuer’s Website. 
26.3 All notices required to be given by the Issuer to Security Holders under the Trust Instrument or 
otherwise shall be given in writing, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting of Security 
Holders where, in relation to any Collateralised Currency Securities which are held in Uncertificated 
Form, the directors may from time to time permit notices of Security Holder meetings to be made by 
means of an electronic communication in the form of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in such 
form and subject to such terms and conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the 
directors (subject always to facilities and requirements of CREST) and may in similar manner permit 
supplements, or amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of Meeting to be made by like means. 
26.4 Any Pricing Notice shall be sent by fax to the Issuer’s primary fax number, as follows: 
Fax: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other fax number as may be published on the Issuer’s Website, and confirmed by email to 
the following email address: 
Email: infoeu@wisdomtree.com. 
26.5 Any Pricing Notice shall be deemed to have been received upon sending, subject to confirmation of 
uninterrupted and error-free transmission by a transmission report. 
26.6 Any General Notice to be given to the Issuer shall be sent to the Issuer’s primary fax number set out 
above or delivered by hand, sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail 
in the case of an address outside the United Kingdom), to the following address: 
Name: WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited  
Address: Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road 
St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Attention: WisdomTree Team  
Fax number: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other address as may be published for the Issuer on the Issuer’s Website. 
26.7 Any General Notice shall, in the absence of earlier receipt, be deemed to have been received as 
follows: 
(a) 
if delivered by hand, at the time of actual delivery; or 
(b) 
if sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail in the case of an 
address outside the United Kingdom), on the date it is delivered or its delivery is attempted. 
27 
PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
27.1 All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities shall be paid in the 
Relevant Currency in fully cleared and immediately available funds. 
27.2 All monies payable by the Issuer on the Redemption of any Collateralised Currency Securities shall 
be paid in full, free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding 
is required by law to which the person making the payment is subject. 
27.3 
Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not a Relevant Business 
Day, such payment shall be due and payable by the payer on the next following Relevant Business Day.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
18PART 12 
DESCRIPTION OF CURRENCY TRANSACTION COUNTERPARTIES 
At the date of this Prospectus Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (MSIP) is the sole Currency 
Transaction Counterparty. 
Neither MSIP nor any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group has structured the Collateralised 
Currency Securities or provided any advice or information in respect of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities (subject to a limited exception for information provided by MSIP in relation to itself) nor accepts any 
responsibility in respect of this Prospectus or any other disclosure document or advertising materials in 
connection with the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Since the Collateralised Currency Securities are secured on assets which constitute obligations of five or 
fewer obligors, the Issuer is required under the Prospectus Regulation Rules to include in this Prospectus 
so far as it is aware or is able to ascertain from information published by MSIP, such information relating 
to MSIP as is required by the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer has included the information in this Part 
12 (Description of Currency Transaction Counterparties). 
The information on MSIP in this Prospectus is based upon information made available to the Issuer by 
MSIP. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by MSIP, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not made any 
independent verification of information contained in this Prospectus provided to it by MSIP, relating to MSIP 
or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group. 
MSIP is a public company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of England and Wales whose 
registered office is at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA. The principal activity of MSIP is 
the provision of financial services to corporations, governments and financial institutions. MSIP is 
authorised by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the U.K. Financial Conduct 
Authority and the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority. 
Debt securities of MSIP are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris 
(each considered a regulated market). 
The arrangements entered into by MSIP with the Issuer in relation to the Currency Transactions do not 
preclude or restrict the ability of MSIP, MS&CO or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group from 
entering into any contracts or entering into any transactions with the Issuer, any Authorised Participant or 
any other person in the ordinary course of its business or otherwise. In addition, members of the Morgan 
Stanley Group trade in currency markets and may do so whether or not such trading could have an adverse 
effect on the Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
A14.1.4 
A9.1.4 
 
A19.2.2.11(b)C 
A19.3.5 
A19.3.8(a)A 
A19.3.7 
A19.2.2.2(a)C 
A19.3.2 
A19.2.2.11(b)C

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
19PART 13 
TAXATION 
The summaries below are not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to 
the ownership of Collateralised Currency Securities. Prospective Security Holders should consult their own 
tax advisers concerning the consequences of their own particular situation. 
The tax legislation of the investors Member State and of the issuer’s country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received. 
1 
UK Taxation 
(a) General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the UK taxation treatment of holding 
Collateralised Currency Securities. They are based on current UK law and HM Revenue & Customs 
practice, both of which are subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. The following 
paragraphs relate to Security Holders who are within the charge to UK corporation tax or who are 
UK open-ended investment companies or authorised unit trust schemes unless otherwise stated. 
The statements in this summary are intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. Any person who is contemplating acquiring Collateralised Currency Securities 
(whether or not pursuant to the Programme), particularly if that person is subject to taxation in any 
jurisdiction other than the UK, is strongly recommended to consult their independent professional 
advisers immediately. 
(b) The Issuer 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer should be managed and conducted so that it should 
not become resident in the UK for UK taxation purposes. Accordingly, and provided that the Issuer 
does not carry on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein for UK taxation 
purposes, the Issuer will not be subject to UK corporation tax or income tax on income and capital 
gains arising to it. The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer are conducted so that no such 
permanent establishment will arise insofar as this is within their control, but it cannot be guaranteed 
that the conditions necessary to prevent any such permanent establishment coming into being will 
at all times be satisfied. 
(c) UK Withholding Tax 
No payments made by the Issuer to Security Holders in respect of Collateralised Currency 
Securities are required to be made under deduction or withholding for or on account of UK tax for 
as long as the Collateralised Currency Securities continue to be admitted to trading on the Main 
Market of the London Stock Exchange and included in the UK Official List or are listed on another 
recognised stock exchange for UK tax purposes. 
(d) UK Corporation Tax on income and gains 
In general, a Security Holder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes as 
realising profits, gains or losses in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities on a basis reflecting 
the treatment in its statutory accounts, in accordance with generally accepted accounting practice. 
These profits, gains or losses (which will include any profits, gains or losses on a disposal or 
redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities) will be treated as income profits or losses for the 
purposes of a Security Holder’s corporation tax computation. 
(e) UK Open-Ended Investment Companies and Authorised Unit Trust Schemes 
Whilst UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally subject 
to UK corporation tax (currently at the rate of 20 per cent.) they are exempt from tax on capital gains. 
Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 2006 (S.I. No. 2006/964) provides an 
exemption for capital profits, gains or losses accruing to UK open-ended investment companies and 
A14.4.15 
A14.4.15

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
authorised unit trust schemes (other than qualified investor schemes which do not meet the genuine 
diversity of ownership condition) on creditor loan relationships and derivative contracts. In this respect 
capital profits, gains or losses are those which, in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting 
practice, fall to be dealt with in the statement of total return (under the heading of “net capital 
gains/losses”) in accordance with the relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. In addition, 
Part 2B of those Regulations treats all capital profits, gains and losses (determined in accordance 
with UK generally accepted accounting practice, as described above) arising to a UK open-ended 
investment company or authorised unit trust, which meets the genuine diversity of ownership 
condition, from an “investment transaction” (which includes loan relationships and derivative 
contracts) as a non-trading transaction and thus not taxable as income. These parts of the 
Regulations will determine whether any profits, gains or losses arising to a Security Holder which is 
a UK open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust scheme (other than a qualified 
investor scheme which does not meet the genuine diversity of ownership condition) in respect of 
Collateralised Currency Securities will be exempt from tax. 
(f) UK Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (‘SDRT’) 
Provided the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK, neither UK stamp duty nor 
SDRT will be payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, 
Collateralised Currency Securities in Uncertificated Form. 
In the case of Collateralised Currency Securities held in Certificated Form, provided (i) the Register is 
not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not executed in the 
UK; and (iii) any instrument of transfer does not relate to any property situated or to any matter or thing 
done or to be done in the UK, neither UK stamp duty nor SDRT will be payable on the issue or 
subsequent transfer of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities will not give rise to UK stamp duty or SDRT. 
(g) Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard and the Directive on Administrative Cooperation 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and 
reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, 
reporting and exchange of financial account information, Pursuant to the CRS, participating 
jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with 
exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts 
identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. 
Jersey has implemented the CRS. As a result, the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due 
diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Reporting periods end on 31 December 
each year and the Issuer will be required to report the relevant information in respect of those periods 
to the Jersey Taxes Office by 30 June in the next year. Exchange of that information between the 
Jersey Taxes Office and partner jurisdictions must take place on or before 30 September in that next 
tax year. 
Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject an 
investor to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (“DAC”) provides a similar regime for automatic 
exchange of information within the EU. The DAC and the CRS have together effectively replaced the 
EU Savings Taxation Directive, which was largely repealed with effect from 1 January 2016. The 
DAC and the CRS are generally broader in scope than the Directive but do not impose withholding 
taxes. 
2 
Jersey Taxation

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
(a) General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of 
holding Collateralised Currency Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide, 
and should be treated with appropriate caution. They are based on current Jersey law and practice, 
possibly with retrospective effect.  A prospective investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax 
consequences relating to its particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and 
redemption of the Collateralised Currency Securities and the receipt of payments thereon. 
(b) Income Tax 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (as 
amended) (the Jersey Income Tax Law), but (being neither a financial services company, a specified 
utility company, a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying 
in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will be 
subject in Jersey to income tax at a rate of 0 per cent. 
Security Holders (other than residents of Jersey) should not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect 
of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on 
account of Jersey tax.. 
(c) Stamp Duty  
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance 
or capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, 
ownership, redemption, sale or other disposal of Collateralised Currency Securities.  
In the event of the death of an individual sole holder of Collateralised Currency Securities, duty at 
rates of up to 0.75 per cent of the value of the Collateralised Currency Securities held, subject to a 
cap of £100,000, may be payable on registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration which 
may be required in order to transfer or otherwise deal with Collateralised Currency Securities held 
by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
(d) Goods and services tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007 (the GST Law). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: 
(a)  
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
(b) 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c)  
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and 
services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
(e) Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
The US Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation in the 
US known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA a 30 per cent 
withholding tax may be imposed on payments of US source income and certain payments of 
proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to US source income, unless the Issuer 
complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity of, and certain other information 
about, direct and indirect US holders of Collateralised Currency Securities issued by the Issuer to 
the US Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority for onward transmission 
to the IRS. A holder of Collateralised Currency Securities issued by the Issuer that fails to provide 
the required information to the Issuer may be subject to the 30 per cent withholding tax with respect 
to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to US sources and the Issuer might be required to 
redeem any Collateralised Currency Securities held by such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the 
US in respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the 
A14.4.15

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) 
Regulations 2014. 
 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of 
such withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such 
obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on 
some or all Collateralised Currency Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely 
affected. In certain circumstances, the Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities held by one or more holders and/or may reduce the redemption 
proceeds payable to any holder of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
(f) Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard and the Directive on Administrative Cooperation 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and 
reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, 
reporting and exchange of financial account information, Pursuant to the CRS, participating 
jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with 
exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts 
identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. 
Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) 
(Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the Issuer is required to 
comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has 
committed to a common implementation timetable which has seen the first exchange of information 
in 2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed 
to implement the new global standard. 
Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject an 
investor to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of 
Collateralised Currency Securities. 
(g) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to 
the Issuer, its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, both 
the level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the Issuer. 
Additionally, the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the Issuer, its 
assets and investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated by the Issuer. 
Both could significantly affect returns to investors. 
3 
Taxation in Ireland  
(a) The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership 
and disposition of Collateralised Currency Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. This 
summary deals only with Collateralised Currency Securities held beneficially as capital assets and 
does not address special classes of Security Holders such as dealers in securities or those holding 
Collateralised Currency Securities as part of a trade. This summary is not exhaustive and Security 
Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the taxation consequences of 
their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the assumption that the Issuer is not 
resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch 
or agency or have any other connection with Ireland other than potentially listing of the Collateralised 
Securities on Euronext Dublin. The summary is based on current Irish taxation legislation and 
practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners..

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
(b) Irish Withholding Tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on a payment 
in respect of the Collateralised Currency Securities except where such payment has an Irish source. 
The payment is only likely to be considered to have an Irish source, if, for example, the payment 
constitutes yearly interest and such interest was paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the 
Collateralised Currency Securities were secured on Irish situated assets which it is understood will 
not be the case. The mere offering of the Collateralised Currency Securities to Irish investors or the  
listing of the Collateralised Currency Securities on Euronext Dublin will not cause such a payment 
to have an Irish source. In certain circumstances collection agents and other persons receiving 
interest on the Collateralised Currency Securities in Ireland on behalf of a Security Holder, will be 
obliged to operate a withholding tax.  
(c) Taxation of income 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holder and a non-resident Security 
Holder holding Collateralised Currency Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to 
Irish tax on the amount of any interest or other income, including potentially any premium on 
redemption, received from the Issuer. Individual Security Holders would suffer income tax at rates 
of up to 40% and would also potentially be liable to Pay Related Social Insurance and the universal 
social charge. Corporate Security Holders would suffer corporation tax at 25% of the amount of 
interest received from the Issuer. Credit against Irish tax on the interest received may be available 
in respect of any foreign withholding tax deducted by the Issuer. 
(d) Taxation of capital gains 
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holders and a non-resident Security Holder holding 
Collateralised Currency Securities through an Irish branch or agency would potentially be liable to 
Irish tax on capital gains on any gains arising on a disposal of Collateralised Currency Securities 
currently at a 33 per cent rate. Reliefs and allowances may be available in computing the Security 
Holder’s liability. 
(e) Stamp Duty 
Transfers of Collateralised Currency Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided 
the transfers do not relate to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered company  
(f) Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Collateralised Currency Securities will be within the charge to 
capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or 
inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is 
domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the 
Collateralised Currency Securities are regarded as property situated in Ireland. The Collateralised 
Currency Securities could only be considered property situated in Ireland if the register of 
Collateralised Currency Security Holders was maintained in Ireland or, to the extent that certificates 
are issued in bearer form, the bearer certificates were located in Ireland. This tax is charged at a 
rate of 33% on gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold determined both by the relationship 
between the donor and the donee or successor and previous gifts and inheritances.   
(g) Offshore Fund taxation 
A holding of Collateralised Currency Securities could potentially be treated as a material interest in 
an offshore fund and subject to the more onerous tax provisions applicable to offshore funds. As 
recommended above Security Holders should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the tax 
implications of holding and disposing of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
(h) Provision of Information 
Generally

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Security Holders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Collateralised 
Currency Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent then the 
relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the 
payment and certain details relating to the Security Holder. Where the Security Holder is not Irish 
resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed 
by them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the Security Holder is resident for taxation 
purposes.  
(i) Common Reporting Standard (CRS) 
The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of 
financial account information reported to them by local financial institutions relating to account 
holders tax resident in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax.  The 
OECD, used FATCA concepts in developing the CRS and as such the CRS is broadly similar to 
FATCA requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. There are a significantly higher number of 
reportable persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the inclusion 
of multiple jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported.  
Regulations, gave effect to the OECD’s Standard for the Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information in Tax Matters and Directive 2014/107/EU in Ireland from 1 January 2016.  
To the extent that the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting 
requirements, Security Holders resident in Ireland may be required to provide additional information 
to the Issuer which may ultimately be shared by the Jersey tax authorities with their counterparts in 
Ireland.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
20PART 14 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Incorporation and Share Capital of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer was incorporated as a public limited company in Jersey on 1 July 2009 under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) (the Law). The Issuer operates under the Law and 
secondary legislation made thereunder. The Issuer is registered in Jersey under number 103518. 
(b) 
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class designated 
as Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued. 
(c) 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
(d) 
All of the Issuer’s issued Ordinary Shares are held by HoldCo. 
2. 
General 
The Issuer’s auditors since 3 December 2019 are Ernst & Young LLP of Liberation House, Castle Street, St 
Helier, Jersey JE1 1EY. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in England and Wales. The Company’s auditors were previously KPMG Channel Islands 
Limited of 37 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands JE4 8WQ, who audited the Company’s annual 
accounts in accordance with national law from 4 December 2015 to 3 December 2019. The annual report of 
the Issuer for the periods from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 and from 1 January 2020 to 31 
December 2020, as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock 
Exchange on 15 May 2020 and 14 June  2021 respectively, are incorporated in this document by reference and 
are available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-
regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey 
Issuer Tax Information’ tab and at the registered office of the Issuer as set out under the heading “Directors, 
Secretary and Advisers”. The annual audited accounts of the Issuer will be published within 4 months of year 
end, currently 31 December in each year. Half-yearly unaudited accounts will be published within 2 months of 
the mid-year end, currently 30 June in each year. Each of the annual audited accounts and half-yearly 
unaudited accounts will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080 
3C2DADB050A7under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the 
date of its last published audited financial statements on 31 December 2020. 
The Issuer’s financial statements will be presented in US Dollars. The value of any assets and liabilities 
denominated in currencies other than US Dollars are converted into US Dollars at rates quoted by 
independent sources. The Currency Transactions constitute an asset of the Issuer. For the purposes of the 
valuation of the Issuer’s assets, the Currency Transactions are priced by reference to the relevant 
underlying MSFXSM Index. 
The Collateralised Currency Securities in issue constitute a liability of the Issuer. The actual contractual 
issue of Collateralised Currency Securities occurs at the Price calculated in accordance with the formula in 
this Prospectus (by reference to the relevant underlying MSFXSM Index) so that any gains or losses on the 
liability represented by the Collateralised Currency Securities are matched by gains or losses attributable 
to the Currency Transactions. 
For the purposes of the Issuer’s financial statements, the Collateralised Currency Securities are valued at 
the current mid-market price that they are quoted at on a stock exchange as at the date of valuation. This 
results in a difference between the value of the Currency Transactions and the Collateralised Currency 
Securities in issue which shows as either a profit or a loss in the accounts. This profit or loss would be 
reversed on a subsequent redemption of the Collateralised Currency Securities and cancellation of the 
equivalent Currency Transactions. 
 
 
A9.8.4 
A9.5.1 
 
A9.4.3 
 
 
A9.4.4 
 
A9.4.6 
 
A9.4.5 
A9.2.1 
A9.8.2

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements each year and Final Terms as required by the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Transparency Directive, the Transparency 
Rules and the Listing Rules. Each Business Day the Issuer will publish Prices on its website as described 
under the heading Pricing of Collateralised Currency Securities in Part 4 (Description of Collateralised 
Currency Securities). Save as aforesaid the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period of 12 months preceding the date of this 
document, which may have or have had in the recent past significant effect on the Issuer’s financial position 
or profitability. 
Collateralised Currency Securities are undated securities which have no specified maturity date and no 
expiry date. 
The Currency Transactions, Facility Agreement, ISDA, Collateral and the Repo have characteristics that 
demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the securities. 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Collateralised Currency Securities in issue and to be 
issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on its regulated market. Admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors 
should be aware that there is no trading facility for the Collateralised Currency Securities there. 
All Collateralised Currency Securities in issue at the date of this document have been admitted to the UK 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange . Applications have 
been made to the FCA for all Collateralised Currency Securities issued within 12 months from the date of 
this document to be admitted to the Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for all such 
Collateralised Currency Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market. Although all Collateralised 
Currency Securities in issue at the date of this document have been admitted to trading on the Main Market 
of the London Stock Exchange, there is not currently an active secondary market with respect to the Long 
EUR Currency Securities or Short EUR Currency Securities. Admission to the UK Official List and to trading 
on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers made under the Propsctus Regulation,or  
admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in 
the European Union, but are such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Long USD Developed Market Currency Securities and the Short USD Developed Market Currency 
Securities have been admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange since 12 November 2009, the 
Long GBP Currency Securities, Short GBP Currency Securities, CNY Securities have been admitted to 
trading on the London Stock Exchange since 21 June 2010, the Triple Leveraged Long GBP Currency 
Securities, Triple Leveraged Short GBP Currency Securities, Triple Leveraged Long USD Currency 
Securities and the Triple Leveraged Short USD Currency Securities (other than those providing exposure to 
CAD, CHF, NOK, NZD and SEK) have been admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange since 9 
November 2010. 
The following classes of 5 Times Long and 5 Times Short Collateralised Currency Securities have been 
admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange since 23 November 2015: 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 5x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 5x Daily  
 
 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 5x Daily 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 5x Daily  
 
 
The Long EUR Currency Securities and the Short EUR Currency Securities (other than those providing 
exposure to the AUD, CAD, NZD and USD Currency pairs) have been admitted to listing on the Regulated 
Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) since 10 March 2010. The remaining Long EUR Currency Securities and 
Short EUR Currency Securities have been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market (General Standard) 
(Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) 
since 2 July 2010. Certain of the 5 Times Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities (those providing 
exposure to AUD, JPY and USD) and 5 Times Leveraged Short EUR Currency Securities (those providing 
A9.8.3 
A19.4.1 
A17.3.1 
 
A14.4.9(a)C 
A17.2.1.2 
A19.2.2.4 
A19.2.1 
 
A14.6.1(a)B 
 
 
A14.6.2 
A14.6.2 
 
A14.6.2 
A14.6.1(a)B

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
exposure to AUD, CHF, JPY and USD) have been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market (General 
Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) since 25 September 2014. 
The Triple Leveraged Long EUR Currency Securities and the Triple Leveraged Short EUR Currency 
Securities (other than those providing exposure to the NOK, NZD and SEK) have been admitted to listing 
on the Borsa Italiana since 10 February 2011 and certain of the 5 Times Leveraged Long EUR Currency 
Securities (those providing exposure to AUD, CAD, GBP, JPY and USD) and 5 Times Leveraged Short 
EUR Currency Securities (those providing exposure to AUD, CAD, CHF, GBP, JPY and USD) have been 
admitted to listing on the Borsa Italiana since 25 September 2014. 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 5x Daily class of Collateralised Currency Securities was admitted to 
trading on the Borsa Italiana and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange on 18 June 2015. 
The Issuer reserves the right to make an application for certain other Collateralised Currency Securities to 
be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin, the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, the Regulated 
Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse), the Borsa Italiana and Euronext Amsterdam. 
On 26 May 2015, certain classes of Collateralised Currency Securities were delisted from the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange. The classes of Collateralised Currency Securities that were delisted from the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange are as follows: 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 
 
 
Short SEK Long EUR  
 
 
 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 
 
 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR  
 
 
 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 
 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR  
 
 
 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 
 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR  
 
 
 
On 26 September 2019, certain classes of Collateralised Currency Securities were compulsory redeemed 
and consequentially were delisted from the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, the Regulated 
Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse), the Borsa Italiana removed from the UK Official List. The classes of 
Collateralised Currency Securities that were compulsory redeemed are as follows: 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Long AUD Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Long AUD Short GBP)  
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Long AUD Short USD)  
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Long CAD Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Long JPY Short GBP)  
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Short AUD Long EUR)  
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Short AUD Long GBP)  
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Short AUD Long USD)  
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Short CAD Long EUR)  
WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 3x Daily (formerly ETFS 3x Short JPY Long GBP)  
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Long AUD Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Long CAD Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Long CHF Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Long JPY Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Short AUD Long EUR)  
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Short CAD Long EUR)  
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Short CHF Long EUR)  
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 5x Daily (formerly ETFS 5x Short JPY Long EUR) 
WisdomTree Bearish EUR vs G10 Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bearish EUR vs G10 
Currency Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree Bearish GBP vs G10 Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bearish GBP vs G10 
Currency Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree Bearish USD vs Commodity Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bearish USD vs 
A14.6.1(a)B

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
Commodity Currency Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree Bearish USD vs G10 Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bearish USD vs G10 
Currency Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree Bullish EUR vs G10 Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bullish EUR vs G10 Currency 
Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree Bullish GBP vs G10 Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bullish GBP vs G10 Currency 
Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree Bullish USD vs Commodity Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bullish USD vs 
Commodity Currency Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree Bullish USD vs G10 Currency Basket Securities (formerly ETFS Bullish USD vs G10 Currency 
Basket Securities) 
WisdomTree G10 vs USD Multi Strategy FX Basket Security (formerly ETFS G10 vs USD Multi Strategy 
FX Basket Security) 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP (formerly ETFS Long AUD Short GBP)  
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD (formerly ETFS Long AUD Short USD)  
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR (formerly ETFS Long CAD Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP (formerly ETFS Long CAD Short GBP)  
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD (formerly ETFS Long CAD Short USD)  
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD (formerly ETFS Long CHF Short USD)  
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP (formerly ETFS Long NOK Short GBP)  
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD (formerly ETFS Long NOK Short USD)  
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR (formerly ETFS Long NZD Short EUR)  
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP (formerly ETFS Long NZD Short GBP)  
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD (formerly ETFS Long NZD Short USD)  
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP (formerly ETFS Long SEK Short GBP)  
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD (formerly ETFS Long SEK Short USD)  
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP (formerly ETFS Short AUD Long GBP)  
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD (formerly ETFS Short AUD Long USD)  
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR (formerly ETFS Short CAD Long EUR)  
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP (formerly ETFS Short CAD Long GBP)  
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD (formerly ETFS Short CAD Long USD)  
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD (formerly ETFS Short CHF Long USD)  
WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP (formerly ETFS Short NOK Long GBP)  
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD (formerly ETFS Short NOK Long USD)  
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR (formerly ETFS Short NZD Long EUR)  
WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP (formerly ETFS Short NZD Long GBP)  
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD (formerly ETFS Short NZD Long USD)  
WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP (formerly ETFS Short SEK Long GBP)  
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD (formerly ETFS Short SEK Long USD) 
On 23 March 2020, certain classes of Collateralised Currency Securities were delisted from the London 
Stock Exchange. The classes of Collateralised Currency Securities that were delisted from the London 
Stock Exchange are as follows: 
WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD  
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD  
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD  
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD  
WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD  
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD  
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD  
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 
The Issuer reserves the right to apply for the re-listing of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities. 
In connection with the arrangements for listing and settling Collateralised Currency Securities on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Issuer has entered into: 
• 
a German law governed listing and agent bank agreement dated 2 March 2010 (the Listing and 
Agent Bank Agreement) with ETFSL and HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG (HSBC) pursuant to 
which: 
A14.4.11

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
o 
HSBC acts as the Issuer's agent to effect the listing of Collateralised Currency Securities on 
the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse); 
o 
the Issuer provides the Bank with all relevant information to enable it to effect such listing; and 
o 
ETFSL and the Issuer (subject to certain limited recourse provisions) are responsible for 
paying all fees and expenses of HSBC; and 
• 
a German law governed settlement agreement dated 2 March 2010 (the Settlement Agreement) 
with ETFSL, HSBC and Clearstream pursuant to which: 
o 
Clearstream has undertaken to issue Global Bearer Certificates on the terms set out and 
perform the functions described in Part 9 (The Programme); 
o 
ETFS and the Issuer (subject to certain limited recourse provisions) are responsible for paying 
all fees and expenses of Clearstream. 
3. 
ISINs, LSE Codes and Principal Amounts of the Collateralised Currency Securities 
221 classes of Collateralised Currency Securities are described in this Prospectus. The LSE Codes and 
Principal Amounts of the Collateralised Currency Securities will be as follows: 
USD Developed Market Currency Securities 
ISIN 
LSE Code 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 
JE00B68GQH02 
LAUD 
US$1.00 
  
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 
JE00B68GQZ83 
SAD 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 2x Daily 
JE00B68GW947 
LAU2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long USD 2x Daily 
JE00B68GWC74 
SAU2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3W2CR59 
LAU3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3RQV973 
SCA3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WB95 
LCA5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WC03 
SCA5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 
JE00B68GVR52 
LCHF 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 
JE00B68GVT76 
SCHF 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3MVVJ79 
LCH2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3LXBM77 
SCH2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3WDRZ18 
LCH3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3X5LX22 
SCH3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WD10 
LCH5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WF34 
SCH5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 
JE00B68GS416 
LEUR 
US$1.00 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A14.4.1(b)C 
A19.1.3 
A14.4.11 
 
A14.4.11

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
USD Developed Market Currency Securities 
ISIN 
LSE Code 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD  
JE00B68GSM94 
SEUR 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3LY3N58 
LEU2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3LXMG80 
SEU2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3Y5F176 
LEU3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3N9C970 
SEU3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WG4
SUD5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WH57 LUD5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 
JE00B68GR111 
LGBP 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 
JE00B68GRJ90 
SGBP 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 2x Daily 
JE00B68GWV63 
LGB2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 2x Daily 
JE00B68GWX87 
SGB2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3SBFZ51 
LGB3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3XJ8K03 
SGB3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WJ71 
LGB5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WR86 SGB5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 
JE00B68GSP26 
LJPY 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 
JE00B68GT596 
SJPY 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3LXMP71 
LJP2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3N7FJ27 
SJP2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3X9GJ56 
LJP3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3WFMB84 
SJP3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WL93 LJP5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WM0
SJP5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 
JE00B68GTQ08 
LNOK 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 
JE00B68GTS22 
SNOK 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3Q3CP29 
LNO2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3Q3D598 
SNO2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3TCDM07 
LNO3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 3x Daily 
JE00B3RPQT93 
SNO3 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WN18 LNO5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long USD 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WP32 SNO5 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 
JE00B68GT711 
LNZD 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 
JE00B68GTN76 
SNZD 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3N7FM55 
LNZ2 
US$1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 2x Daily 
JE00B3N7G223 
SNZ2 
US$1.00

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
USD Developed Market Currency Securities 
ISIN 
LSE Code 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 3x Daily 
 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 3x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short USD 5x Daily ( 
 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long USD 5x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD  
 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD  
 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 2x  Daily  
 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 2x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 3x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 3x Daily 
 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short USD 5x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long USD 5x Daily  
JE00B3WL8R46  
JE00B44CP933 
JE00BMM1WQ49 
JE00BMM1WR55 
JE00B68GV642 
JE00B68GV865 
JE00B3LXPJ27 
JE00B3Q3DN79 
JE00B3TWM901 
JE00B3R57189 
JE00BMM1WS62 
JE00BMM1WT79 
LNZ3 SNZ3 
LNZ5 SNZ5 
LSEK 
SSEK 
LSE2 SSE2 
LSE3 SSE3 
LSE5 
SSE5 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
USD Emerging Market Currency Securities 
 
WisdomTree Long BRL Short USD  
WisdomTree Short BRL Long USD  
WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD  
WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD  
WisdomTree Long CZK Short USD  
WisdomTree Short CZK Long USD  
WisdomTree Long HUF Short USD  
WisdomTree Short HUF Long USD  
WisdomTree Long ILS Short  
WisdomTree Short ILS Long USD  
WisdomTree Long MXN Short USD  
WisdomTree Short MXN Long USD  
WisdomTree Long SGD Short USD  
WisdomTree Short SGD Long USD  
WisdomTree Long ZAR Short  
WisdomTree Short ZAR Long USD  
ISIN 
 
JE00B6821S44  
JE00B6822702  
JE00B6822V48  
JE00B66M4S72  
JE00B6822819  
JE00B6822T26  
JE00B66M4T89  
JE00B66M5731  
JE00B66M5V76  
JE00B66M6D69  
JE00B66M6F83  
JE00B66M6V42  
JE00B66M6W58  
JE00B66M6Z89  
JE00B66M7F58  
JE00B66M7G65 
LSE Code 
 
LBRL  
SBRL 
 LCNY 
 SCNY 
 LCZK  
SCZK  
LHUF  
SHUF  
LILS 
 SILS  
LMXN 
 SMXN  
LSGD  
SSGD 
 LZAR  
SZAR 
Principal Amount 
 
US$1.00 
 US$1.00 
 US$1.00 
US$1.00 
 US$1.00 
 US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
US$1.00 
EUR Developed Market Currency Securities 
 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR  
 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR  
 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 3x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 3x Daily  
 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily  
 
ISIN 
JE00B3XGSP64 
JE00B3QSB726 
JE00B3QYZH88  
JE00B3RXT940 
JE00BMM1WV91 
LSE Code 
EUAU 
AUEU 
EAU3  
AUE3 
EAU5 
Principal Amount 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR Developed Market Currency Securities 
 
ISIN 
LSE Code 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WW0
AUE5 
EUR 1.00

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 
JE00B3SX2K59 
ECAD 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 
JE00B3WRF594 
CADE 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3SDPZ16 
ECA3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B44MN333 
CAE3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WX16 ECA5 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WY23 CAE5 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 
JE00B3MR2Q90 
EUCH 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 
JE00B3L54023 
CHEU 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B6821738 
EUC2 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B6821P13 
CHE2 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3XPTF07 
ECH3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3S71Q64 
CHE3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1WZ30 ECH5 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BVZ6TJ17 
CH5E 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 
JE00B3LXVB68 
EUGB 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 
JE00B3MVPQ29 
GBEU 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B3MQDX05 
EUG2 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B3MRYD03 
GBE2 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3R2DZ58 
EGB3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3RQ6R05 
GBE3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long GBP Short EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X163 
EGB5 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short GBP Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X270 
GBE5 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 
JE00B3MWC642 
EUJP 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 
JE00B3KNMS14 
JPEU 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B3LX8K41 
EUJ2 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B3LX2353 
JPE2 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3WDZY68 
EJP3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B44CBN95 
JPE3 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X387 
EJP5 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X494 
JPE5 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 
JE00B3MRDD32 
EUNO 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 
JE00B3LGQQ51 
NOEU 
EUR 1.00 
 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B3LJ5T02 
EUN2 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B3NX8H91 
NOE2 
EUR 1.00

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
EUR Developed Market Currency Securities 
ISIN 
LSE Code 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3QFNJ91 
ENO3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 3x Daily  
JE00B3QK7691 
NOE3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR 5x Daily  
JE00BMM1X502 
ENO5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X619 
NOE5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR  
JE00B3YQ2Z39 
EUNZ 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR  
JE00B3XFPZ25 
NZEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 3x Daily  
JE00B3R9S840 
ENZ3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3YRLM60 
NZE3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X726 
ENZ5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X833 
NZE5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR  
JE00B3MQG751 
EUSE 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 
JE00B3NXB475 
SEEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B6820N24 
EUS2 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 2x Daily 
JE00B6821621 
SEE2 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 3x Daily  
JE00B43NGW71 
ESE3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 3x Daily 
JE00B3RPF705 
SEE3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short EUR 5x Daily  
JE00BMM1X940 
ESE5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long EUR 5x Daily  
JE00BMM1XB60 
SEE5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR  
JE00B3RNTN80 
EUUS 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 
JE00B3SBYQ91 
USEU 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 3x Daily  
JE00B3QQ4551 
EUS3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 3x Daily  
JE00B3T3K772 
USE3 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily EUR)  
JE00BMM1XC77 
EUS5 
EUR 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XD84 
USE5 
EUR 1.00 
 
GBP Developed Market Currency Securities 
 
ISIN 
LSE Code 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP  
JE00B3S7BB10 
GBAU 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP  
JE00B3WMCJ71 
AUGB  
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3T7LF46 
AUP3  
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3WTNN91 
SAP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XF09 
AUP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XG16 
SAP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 
JE00B3X07W84 
GBCA 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 
JE00B3XY7H57 
CAGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B46C8F84 
CAP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3S6X787 
PCA3 
GBP 1.00

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
GBP Developed Market Currency Securities 
ISIN 
LSE Code 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Long CAD Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XH23 
CAP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CAD Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XJ47 
PCA5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 
JE00B3SX3R93 
GBCH 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP 
JE00B3NKMM36 
CHGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3RL9653 
CHP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3SS5H85 
PCH3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XK51 
CHP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XL68 
PCH5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 
JE00B3Y3SZ64 
GBUR 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 
JE00B45CYD99 
URGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3VJDN05 
EUP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3W0MY68 
SUP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long EUR Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XM75 
EUP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short EUR Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XN82 
SUP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 
JE00B3XR4V72 
GBJP 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 
JE00B3QBQJ84 
JPGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3TVGH32 
JPP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3TG7R50 
SYP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XP07 
JPP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XQ14 
SYP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 
JE00B3S5RB71 
GBNO 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP 
JE00B3XTW536 
NOGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3STH537 
NOP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3WVH998 
SOP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NOK Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XR21 
NOP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NOK Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1X538 
SOP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 
JE00B45W1502 
GBNZ 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP 
JE00B3YHSG97 
NZGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3Y8FL60 
NZP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3R0YV26 
SNP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long NZD Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XT45 
NZP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short NZD Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XV66 
SNP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 
JE00B3RKWL80 
GBSK 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 
JE00B3TK4N26 
SKGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3R9Q240 
Sep-03 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3SFT119 
SKP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long SEK Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XW73 
Sep-05 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short SEK Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XX80 
SKP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 
JE00B3WPFZ34 
GBUS 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 
JE00B438PT24 
USGB 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B3WCLY57 
USP3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 3x Daily 
JE00B43NB445 
PUS3 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Long USD Short GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XY97 
USP5 
GBP 1.00 
WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 5x Daily 
JE00BMM1XZ05 
PUS5 
GBP 1.00 
As referred to in Part 4 (Description of the Collateralised Currency Securities) and Condition 15, the Issuer 
has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to consolidate or divide all of the Collateralised Currency 
Securities of any class into Collateralised Currency Securities of the same class but with a proportionately 
larger or smaller Principal Amount and Price. Consolidated or divided Collateralised Currency Securities 
may also be issued under this Prospectus and to the extent that this Prospectus does not provide full 
details of such consolidated or divided Collateralised Currency Securities, such additional details (including 
the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a 
supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
4. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Collateralised Currency Securities remain 
outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection during normal business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the 
Issuer in printed form: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Services Agreement; 
(c) 
the form of Authorised Participant Agreements; 
A9.9.1

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
(d) 
the Trust Instrument; and 
(e) 
each Security Deed; 
The document listed at (a) above is available at the Issuer's website at under the ‘Regulatory Reports - 
WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
The documents listed at 4(b) to 4(e) are available at the Issuer’s Website at  https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-778F-4B7F-A4D5-
D541C3EAABB3 under the ‘Prospectus - Jersey Issuers – Documents Available for Inspection’ tab. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
other than the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020, no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages 
referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or 
the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
5. 
Jersey Law Consents 
This prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1998, as 
amended (the CIF Law) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to Collateralised Currency 
Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising 
from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended, (the Financial Services Law) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to Collateralised Currency Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is 
protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions 
thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
6. 
Selling Restrictions 
The Collateralised Currency Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The following 
restrictions on offer and sales apply. 
(a) European Union 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date on 
which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant 
Implementation Date”) no offer of Collateralised Currency Securities may be made to the public in that 
Relevant Member State, except that, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, 
an offer of Collateralised Currency Securities may be made in that Relevant Member State: 
(a)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)  at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  
provided that no such offer of Collateralised Currency Securities shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Collateralised Currency Securities 
to the public” in relation to any Collateralised Currency Securities in any Relevant Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Collateralised Currency Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
A14.4.14

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
purchase or subscribe for Collateralised Currency Securities, as the same may be varied in that 
Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and 
amendments thereto) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member 
State. 
(b) United Kingdom 
No offer of Collateralised Currency Securities may be made to the public in the United Kingdom, save 
that an offer of Collateralised Currency Securities may be made in the United Kingdom:  
(a)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b)  at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the UK Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Collateralised Currency Securities shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Collateralised Currency Securities 
to the public” in relation to any Collateralised Currency Securities means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Collateralised Currency 
Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for Collateralised 
Currency Securities, as the same may be varied in the United Kingdom by any measure implementing 
the Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto) as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2020, and 
includes any relevant implementing measure in the United Kingdom. 
In addition, no invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any Collateralised Currency Securities may be 
communicated or caused to be communicated by any person except in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer. 
(c) 
United States 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer will not be 
required to register the offer and sale of Collateralised Currency Securities under the US Securities Act, so 
that the Issuer will not have an obligation to register as an investment company under the US Investment 
Company Act and related rules and to address certain ERISA, US Internal Revenue Code and other 
considerations. These restrictions, which will remain in effect until the Issuer determines in its sole discretion 
to remove them, may adversely affect the ability of holders of Collateralised Currency Securities to trade 
them. 
Collateralised Currency Securities have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or 
any other applicable law of the United States. Collateralised Currency Securities are being offered and sold 
only outside the United States to non-US persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S of the US Securities Act. 
The Issuer has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act and related rules. Collateralised Currency Securities and any beneficial interest 
therein may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the United States or to US persons. 
If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person (being a US Person who is not 
both a “Qualified Purchaser” and a “Qualifying Institutional Buyer” each as defined in the Investment 
Company Act), the Issuer may redeem the Collateralised Currency Securities held by that Security Holder 
in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions under the heading Compulsory Redemption for cause 
(Condition 7.5). 
The Collateralised Currency Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any “employee benefit 
plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
1974, as amended (ERISA), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 
of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the Code) applies (collectively, Plans), any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 
Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment 
in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that 
is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who 
holds Collateralised Currency Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or 
entity (any such Plan entity or person, a “Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor”). If the Issuer determines that 
any Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer may redeem the Collateralised 
Currency Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions under 
the heading Compulsory Redemption by cause (Condition 7.5). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Currency and on the distribution of this Prospectus are set out 
under the heading Authorised Participant Agreements in Part 8 (Summary of Transaction Documents). 
7. 
Issuer’s ability to issue notes and make matched intercompany loans 
Under Condition 14 of the Collateralised Currency Securities, it is expressly recognised that the Issuer 
may: 
(a) 
issue unsecured limited recourse notes to ETFSL (or any Affiliate of the Issuer) and may redeem, 
amend, supplement, extend or replace such notes in accordance with the terms thereof; and 
(b) 
make any loan to ETFSL (or any such Affiliate) of the proceeds of the issue of such notes under 
which the Issuer may, if it determines to do so, make advances to ETFSL (including by way of set- off 
of such proceeds). 
The Issuer has determined that if it were to issue any such notes or make any such loan or advance, it 
would do so only on the basis that: 
(a) 
the holder of the notes would have recourse only to assets of the Issuer other than the Secured 
Property; 
(b) 
the notes would not be transferable or assignable without the prior written consent of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
the principal amount and each payment of interest under the notes would be matched by the principal 
amount and each payment of interest under any such loan or advance, both in respect of the amount 
and of the date on which any such amount would become due and payable. 
8. 
CONSENT TO USE OF PROSPECTUS BY FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES IN CERTAIN MEMBER 
STATES AND THE UNITED KINGDOM  
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content of 
this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities by any financial intermediary in any of Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain and 
Sweden by any financial intermediary which is an investment firm within the meaning of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive, as amended (“MiFID II”) and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID 
II in any member state. The Issuer has also consented to the use of this Prospectus in the United Kingdom, 
and has accepted responsibility for the content of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or 
final placement by way of public offer of the Collateralised Currency Securities in the United Kingdom by 
any financial intermediary which is an investment firm in the United Kingdom within the meaning of FSMA 
and which is authorised under Part 4A of FSMA. Each such consent applies to any such resale or final 
placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus unless 
such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the Issuer’s website. In addition, the 
Issuer will disclose any additional information regarding any known financial intermediaries on its website. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made. Any financial intermediary using this Prospectus for the purpose of any offering must state 
on its website that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the conditions 
attached thereto. 
A22.1.1 
A22.1.2 
A22.1.3 
A22.1.4 
A22.1.5 
 
A22.1.6 
A22.2B.1

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
It is a condition of this consent that, where the financial intermediary wishes to resell or make a final 
placement by way of public offer of the Collateralised Currency Securities, such financial intermediary may 
not reuse this Prospectus for such purpose unless it is in those Public Offer Jurisdictions identified in the 
Final Terms, provided such offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The financial intermediary may not otherwise reuse this Prospectus to sell Collateralised Currency Securities. 
In the event of a public offer in one or more Public Offer Jurisdictions, the Collateralised Currency Securities 
may be offered and sold to persons in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction who are legally eligible to 
participate in a public offering of such securities in such jurisdiction under applicable laws and regulations. 
9. 
Data Protection 
Privacy notice 
Please refer to the privacy notice on the website of the Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu. The privacy 
notice sets out your individual rights; and identifies how personal data will be used, stored, transferred or 
otherwise processed is available on the website of the Issuer. 
Personal data will typically include name, address, email address, telephone number and any other 
information an investor or his or her adviser may supply. 
Use of information 
The information which is provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual investor in connection with its 
application for Collateralised Currency Securities or which is subsequently provided by or on behalf of a 
prospective individual investor or individual investor (personal data) will be held and processed by the Issuer 
in compliance with the relevant data protection legislation (Data Protection Legislation). 
The Issuer shall act as data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation. 
Personal data will be held and processed by the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s service providers for the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
verifying the identity of prospective investors for the purpose of complying with the statutory and 
regulatory requirements of the Issuer and any service provider to the Issuer in relation to antimony 
laundering in Jersey or elsewhere; 
(ii) 
evaluating and complying with any anti-money laundering, regulatory and tax requirements in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
meeting the legal, regulatory, reporting and/or financial obligations of the Issuer or any service 
provider to the Issuer in Jersey or elsewhere including, without limitation, with respect to compliance 
with the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the OECD common reporting standard or any 
legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction that seeks to implement a similar tax 
reporting or withholding tax regime; 
(iv) 
any purpose ancillary to the foregoing; 
(v) 
any purpose in connection with the issue, transfer, redemption and registration of Collateralised 
Currency Securities and/or the management and operation of the Issuer. 
In certain circumstances it may be necessary for the Issuer or the Issuer's service providers to: 
(i) 
disclose personal data to third party service providers or agents or advisers appointed to provide 
services for the purpose of operating the Issuer or in connection with the issuance, transfer, 
redemption and registration of Collateralised Currency Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area to countries or territories which do not 
offer the same level of protection for the rights and freedoms of investors as Jersey. 
If such a disclosure or transfer of personal data is made, the Issuer will, where appropriate, ensure that 
contracts are in place to ensure that any third party service provider or agent to whom the personal data is 
disclosed or transferred is bound to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of such data. 
Third parties supplying personal data 
Persons who provide personal data relating to individuals other than themselves to the Issuer and/or its 
service providers are responsible for informing any such individual of the disclosure and use of such data 
as described above; and for drawing to the attention of such individuals the privacy notice referred to above.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
GDPR representative 
The Issuer has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to Article 
27 of the General Data Protection Regulation and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative in the UK 
pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
21ANNEX 1 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATE (GERMANY) 
 
 
INHABER-SAMMELZERTIFIKAT 
 
für 
 
•  [siehe Anhang 1][Klasse der Collateralized-Currency] 
 
Namensschuldverschreibungen der 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
(formerly ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Rd, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW eingeteilt in 
Teilschuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von je [•] [siehe Anhang 1] 
Für dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat hält die Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft mit Sitz in Frankfurt 
am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland (im Folgenden “Clearstream” genannt), als Deckung [•] [siehe 
Anhang 1] [Klasse der Collateralized-Currency] Namensschuldverschreibungen (im Folgenden 
“Schuldverschreibungen” genannt) der WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands 
(im Folgenden “Gesellschaft” genannt). Die durch den Treuhandvertrag zwischen der Gesellschaft und 
der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. in seiner jeweils geänderten/ergänzten Fassung (im 
Folgenden “Treuhandvertrag”) begründeten Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher 
dargelegt, besichert und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem Nennbetrag von je [•] [siehe 
Anhang 1] eingeteilt. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind auf Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, 
eingetragen und in einem bei der Citibank, N.A., London, England unterhaltenen Sonderdepot verwahrt. 
Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der Clearstream die 
Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil entsprechenden Stückzahl von 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesellschaft auf seinen Namen oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten 
Dritten in das maßgebliche Schuldverschreibungsregister der WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited, 
Jersey, Channel Islands, zu verlangen. 
 
Im übrigen gelten die diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat beigefügten Zertifikatsbedingungen, die 
Bestandteil dieser Urkunde sind. 
 
Frankfurt am Main, den … 
 
Clearstream Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
22ANNEX 2 
[TEXT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES] 
 
Zertifikatsbedingungen 
1. 
Dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat trägt die Unterschriften zweier Vorstandsmitglieder oder eines 
Vorstandsmitgliedes und eines Prokuristen der Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt 
am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, (im Folgenden “Clearstream” genannt). 
2. 
Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der 
Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil entsprechenden 
Stückzahl 
von 
[•] 
[siehe 
Anhang 
1] 
[Klasse 
der 
Collateralized-Currency] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
(im 
Folgenden 
“Schuldverschreibungen” 
genannt) 
der 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, (im Folgenden “Gesellschaft” 
genannt) auf seinen Namen oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in das maßgebliche 
Schuldverschreibungsregister zu verlangen. Die durch den Treuhandvertrag zwischen der 
Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. in seiner jeweils 
geänderten/ergänzten 
Fassung 
(im 
Folgenden 
“Treuhandvertrag”) 
begründeten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert und in 
Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem Nennbetrag von je [•] [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. 
Einen entsprechenden Auftrag hat der Miteigentümer der Clearstream über seine Depotbank zu 
erteilen, wobei die Lieferadresse bzw. die Adresse, an welche die Urkunde bezüglich der 
Eintragung in das Schuldverschreibungsregister durch den Registrar versandt werden soll, 
angegeben sein muss. 
Außer der von der Clearstream im Rahmen des § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches bestimmten 
Gebühr für die Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung hat der Miteigentümer etwaige mit der Auslieferung 
bzw. Übertragung und Umschreibung entstehende sonstige Kosten, Steuern, Gebühren oder 
Abgaben zu tragen. 
Die Auslieferung von Einzelstücken aus diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat kann von den 
Miteigentümern nicht verlangt werden. 
3. 
Die Clearstream vermittelt dem Miteigentümer über dessen Depotbank nach Maßgabe seines 
Anteils am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat grundsätzlich alle Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen, 
soweit sie ihr nach Maßgabe des englischen Rechts bzw. des Rechts von Jersey, Channel Islands, 
zustehen. 
Zinsen, Ausschüttungen, Kapital und etwaige sonstige Barzahlungen leitet die Clearstream an 
den Miteigentümer weiter. 
Im übrigen gelten die von der Clearstream gegebenenfalls bekanntzugebenden Fristen und 
Bedingungen. 
Sämtliche Zahlungen an den Miteigentümer erfolgen in Euro. 
4. 
Ein etwaiges Stimmrecht anläßlich einer Gläubigerversammlung wird die Clearstream 
grundsätzlich nicht ausüben. Sie wird dem Miteigentümer oder einem von diesem benannten 
Dritten auf Verlangen eine Vollmacht zur Ausübung des Stimmrechts erteilen lassen. 
Die Gesellschaft hat sich verpflichtet, die Tagesordnung von Gläubigerversammlungen sowie die 
Voraussetzungen zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und zur Ausübung des 
Stimmrechts im Vorfeld einer solchen Gläubigerversammlung bekanntzugeben. 
5. 
Sollte die Ausgabe des Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, irgendwelchen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben 
unterliegen, so haben die Miteigentümer diese Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nach Maßgabe 
ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zu tragen. 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben, denen sie zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, allein auf Grund der Tatsache 
unterworfen wird, daß sie die Schuldverschreibungen hält, auf alle Miteigentümer nach Maßgabe 
ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat umzulegen.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
 
6. 
Treten aus irgendeinem Grunde an die Stelle der Schuldverschreibungen andere 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ein sonstiger Vermögenswert, so wandelt sich das Recht der 
Miteigentümer auf die Schuldverschreibungen in ein Recht auf den Ersatzgegenstand. Die 
Zertifikatsbedingungen gelten dann sinngemäß. 
7. 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, die Citibank, N.A., London, England (im Folgenden “Verwahrer” 
genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Verwahrer oder die Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England 
(im Folgenden „Nominee“ genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Nominee durch eine andere Person zu 
ersetzen. Die Haftung der Clearstream beschränkt sich hierbei auf die sorgfältige Auswahl. 
Unberührt bleibt die Befugnis der Clearstream, die Funktion des Verwahrers oder des Nominees 
selbst wahrzunehmen. Im Fall der Ersetzung des Verwahrers oder des Nominees gelten alle 
Bezugnahmen auf den Verwahrer bzw. den Nominee in diesen Bedingungen als Bezugnahmen 
auf den neuen Verwahrer bzw. Nominee. 
8. 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen in einer die Mitwirkung der Clearstream in dieser Form nicht 
mehr erfordernden Weise an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen lieferbar oder wird die Zulassung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zum Handel 
und zur amtlichen Notierung an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen zurückgenommen, so wird die 
Clearstream die Miteigentümer auffordern, ihr einen Auftrag gemäß Ziffer 2. Abs. 1 zu erteilen. Wird 
dieser Auftrag nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 3 Monaten seit Veröffentlichung der Aufforderung 
erteilt, so ist die Clearstream nach ihrem Ermessen berechtigt, die Eintragung der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf den Namen des Miteigentümers oder eines in der Aufforderung 
benannten Dritten zu veranlassen und die Schuldverschreibungen bei einer in der Aufforderung 
angegebenen Stelle für den Miteigentümer auf dessen Kosten und Gefahr zu hinterlegen. Damit 
erlöschen die Pflichten der Clearstream aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat. 
9. 
Alle das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat betreffenden Bekanntmachungen werden in mindestens je 
einem überregionalen Börsenpflichtblatt der deutschen Wertpapierbörsen veröffentlicht werden, an 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat 
gehandelt und am Regulierten Markt (General Standard) notiert werden. 
10. 
Die Miteigentümer tragen anteilig alle wirtschaftlichen und rechtlichen Nachteile und Schäden, 
die 
den 
für 
das 
Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat 
als 
Deckung 
gehaltenen 
Bestand 
an 
Schuldverschreibungen infolge höherer Gewalt, Regierungserlassen, Krieg, Aufruhr, Verfügungen 
von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder anderer Umstände treffen sollten, die die Clearstream 
oder der Verwahrer nicht zu vertreten haben. 
Die Clearstream wird alle Verpflichtungen aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat mit der Sorgfalt eines 
ordentlichen Kaufmannes erfüllen. Wird sie durch höhere Gewalt, Regierungserlasse, Krieg, 
Aufruhr, Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder andere Umstände, die sie nicht zu 
vertreten hat, an der Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen gehindert, so trifft sie keine Verantwortung. 
Der Verwahrer und der Nominee sind der Clearstream gegenüber zur ordnungsgemäßen 
Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den 
Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream zugunsten der Miteigentümer geltend machen. 
Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream nur für die sorgfältige Auswahl des Verwahrers und des 
Nominees. 
11. 
Sollte 
irgendeine dieser Bestimmungen ganz oder teilweise rechtsunwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon unberührt. Für 
unwirksame oder undurchführbare Bestimmungen soll eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieses 
Vertragsverhältnisses entsprechende Regelung gelten. 
12. 
Alle Rechtsbeziehungen zwischen dem Miteigentümer und der Clearstream unterliegen dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand ist Frankfurt am Main. 
13. 
Eine Änderung dieser Zertifikatsbedingungen ist nur zulässig, soweit durch sie die Rechte der 
Miteigentümer nicht beeinträchtigt werden, es sei denn, dass sie durch gesetzliche Vorschriften 
bedingt ist.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Anhang 1 
 
 
Sofern ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited weitere Schuldverschreibungen im Rahmen 
ihres Programms begibt, kann Anhang 1 jederzeit geändert werden. 
Urspüngliche ISIN (der 
Schuldverschreibung) 
(der Nennbetrag 
Schuldverschreibung) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
CHF 
Short 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Long CHF Short EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
CHF 
Long 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short CHF Long EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
GBP 
Short 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Long GBP Short EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
GBP 
Long 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short GBP Long EUR) 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR (formerly 
ETFS Long JPY Short EUR) WisdomTree 
Short JPY Long EUR (formerly ETFS Short 
JPY Long EUR) WisdomTree Long NOK 
Short EUR (formerly ETFS Long NOK Short 
EUR) WisdomTree Short NOK Long EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short NOK Long EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
SEK 
Short 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Long SEK Short EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
SEK 
Long 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short SEK Long EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
CNY 
Short 
USD 
(formerly ETFS Long CNY Short USD) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
CNY 
Long 
USD 
(formerly ETFS Short CNY Long USD) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
AUD 
Short 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Long AUD Short EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
AUD 
Long 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short AUD Long EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
CAD 
Short 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Long CAD Short EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
CAD 
Long 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short CAD Long EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
NZD 
Short 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Long NZD Short EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
NZD 
Long 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short NZD Long EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Long 
USD 
Short 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Long USD Short EUR) 
WisdomTree 
Short 
USD 
Long 
EUR 
(formerly ETFS Short USD Long EUR) 
WisdomTree Long AUD Short EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Long AUD Short EUR) 
WisdomTree Short AUD Long EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Short AUD Long EUR) 
WisdomTree Long CHF Short EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Long CHF Short EUR) 
WisdomTree Short CHF Long EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Short CHF Long EUR) 
WisdomTree Long JPY Short EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Long JPY Short EUR) 
WisdomTree Short JPY Long EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Short JPY Long EUR 
JE00B3MR2Q90 
JE00B3L54023 
JE00B3LXVB68 
JE00B3MVPQ29 
JE00B3MWC642 
JE00B3KNMS14 
JE00B3MRDD32 
JE00B3LGQQ51 
JE00B3MQG751 
JE00B3NXB475 
JE00B6822V48 
JE00B66M4S72 
JE00B3XGSP64 
JE00B3QSB726 
JE00B3SX2K59 
JE00B3WRF594 
JE00B3YQ2Z39 
JE00B3XFPZ25 
JE00B3RNTN80 
JE00B3SBYQ91 
JE00BMM1WV91 
JE00BMM1WW09 
JE00BMM1WZ30 
JE00BVZ6TJ17 
JE00BMM1X387 
JE00BMM1X494 
EUCH 
CHEU 
EUGB 
GBEU 
EUJP 
JPEU 
EUNO 
NOEU 
EUSE 
SEEU 
LCNY 
SCNY 
EUAU 
AUEU 
ECAD 
CADE 
EUNZ 
NZEU 
EUUS 
USEU 
EAU5 
AUE5 
ECH5 
CH5E 
EJP5 
JPE5 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
US$ 1.00 
US$ 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00 
EUR 1.00

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
Urspüngliche ISIN (der 
Schuldverschreibung) 
(der Nennbetrag 
Schuldverschreibung) 
WisdomTree Long USD Short EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Long USD Short EUR) 
WisdomTree Short USD Long EUR 5x Daily 
(formerly ETFS 5x Short USD Long EUR) 
JE00BMM1XC77 
JE00BMM1XD84 
EUS5 
USE5 
EUR 1.00 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of the 
Issuer and the Collateralised Currency Securities.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
23ANNEX 3 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited under the Programme for 
the Issue of Collateralised Currency Securities 
This Form of Final Terms is used when Collateralised Currency Securities are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market other than in conjunction with an offer thereof to the public in one or more member states 
(for example to Authorised Participants) 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated 20[●] 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
(formerly ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited) 
LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under 
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 103518) 
(the ‘‘Issuer’’) 
Programme for the Issue of Collateralised Currency Securities  
Issue of 
[number] [class] Collateralised Currency Securities 
(the ‘‘Collateralised Currency Securities’’) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
‘‘Prospectus’’) dated 18 November 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities referred to above. The Collateralised Currency Securities have the 
terms provided for in the Trust Instrument dated 5 November 2009 (as amended) between the Issuer and 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as Trustee constituting the Collateralised Currency Securities. 
Terms used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of 1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of Prospectus Regulation and 2) the 
filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
only.  These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are 
published in accordance  with  Article  21  of  Prospectus  Regulation  and  Rule PRR3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the full information 
both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary 
of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Collateralised Currency Securities are as follows: 
ISIN 
 
 
 
Issue Date: 
 
 
Class:  
 
 
Creation Price:  
 
[•] 
 
[•] 
 
[•] 
 
[•] 
 
 
A14.4.1(b)C 
 
 
A14.4.13 
 
 
 
A14.4.1(a)B 
 
 
A14.5.3.1(a)C 
A14.6.4

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Aggregate Number of 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities 
to 
which 
these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
Estimated net proceeds 
of 
issue 
of 
the 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities 
to 
which 
these Final Terms apply: 
 
[•] 
Maximum 
number/amount 
of 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities that may be 
issued of the Class 
being issued pursuant to 
these Final Terms: 
[•] 
Exchange[s] on which 
Collateralised Currency 
Securities are admitted 
to trading: 
[London Stock Exchange*] 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A 
[Euronext Amsterdam] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that admission to the UK Official List 
and to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange are not offers or admission to 
trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but 
are such offers and admission to trading for the 
purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The 
amount 
or 
any 
expenses 
or 
taxes 
specifically charged to 
the 
subscriber 
or 
purchaser 
[•] 
 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of 
Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine 
 
 
A14.4.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A14.6.1(a)B 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A14.5.3.1(c)C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AA14.4.5

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
Annex – Form of Issue Specific Summary 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
24ANNEX 4 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PUBLIC OFFERS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an offer of WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited under the Programme for the 
Issue of Collateralised Currency Securities 
This Form of Final Terms is used when Collateralised Currency Securities are being offered to the public in 
one or more member states 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated 20[●] 
WISDOMTREE FOREIGN EXCHANGE LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited)  
LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28 
 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 103518) 
(the ‘‘Issuer’’) 
Programme for the Issue of Collateralised Currency Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] Collateralised Currency Securities 
(the ‘‘Collateralised Currency Securities’’) 
 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 18 November 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities referred to above. The Collateralised Currency Securities have the 
terms provided for in the trust instrument dated 5 November 2009 (as amended) between the Issuer and The 
Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the Collateralised Currency Securities. Words 
and expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. The particulars 
in relation to this issue of Collateralised Currency Securities are as follows: 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of 1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 2) 
filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
only.  These Final Terms  must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are 
published in accordance  with  Article  21  of  Prospectus  Regulation  and  Rule PRR3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the full information 
both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary 
of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
An offer of the Collateralised Currency Securities may be made by the Issuer or by [• with LEI [•]] other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain, and Sweden] [ the United 
Kingdom(please note that such offers in the United Kingdom will not be offers made pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation but will be made pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation)]  (“Public Offer 
Jurisdictions”) during the period from [•] until [•] (the “Offer Period”). 
 
 
A14.4.16

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
ISIN 
 
 
Issue Date: 
 
Class:  
 
Creation Price:  
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
Aggregate 
Number 
of 
Collateralised 
Currency Securities to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[•] 
 
Estimated net proceeds of issue of the 
Collateralised Currency Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
 
Maximum number/amount of Collateralised 
Currency Securities that may be issued of 
the Class being issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms: 
[•] 
 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not 
fixed, description of the arrangement and 
time for announcing to the public the amount 
of the offer: 
[•] 
 
Currency of the securities issue 
[•] 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[•] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[•] 
 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open and a description of the application 
process: 
[•] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[•] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Collateralised 
Currency Securities: 
[•] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[•] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[•] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:  
[•] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the places in the 
[•] 
 
A14.4.1(b)C 
 
 
A14.4.13 
 
A14.4.1(a)B 
 
A14.5.3.1(a)C 
A14.6.4 
A14.4.4 
 
A14.4.4 
 
A14.4.5 
 
A14.6.4 
 
A14.5.5.1(a)C
 
A14.5.1.1 
A14.5.1.2 
A14.5.1.4 
 
A14.5.1.5 
 
A14.5.1.6 
 
A14.5.2.1 
 
A14.5.3.1(c) 
 
A14.5.4.1

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depository agents in each country: 
[•] 
 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment 
or 
under 
“best 
efforts” 
arrangements. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not 
covered: 
[•] 
 
When the underwriting agreement has been 
or will be reached: 
[•] 
 
Name and address of a calculation agent: 
[•] 
 
Exchange[s] 
on 
which 
Collateralised 
Currency Securities are admitted to trading 
[London Stock Exchange*]  
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange]  
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A] 
[Euronext Amsterdam] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that admission to the UK Official List and 
to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock 
Exchange are not offers or admission to trading made 
under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers 
and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
Date 
 
 
 
Time 
 
 
 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of 
Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine. 
A14.5.4.3 
A14.5.4.4 
 
A14.6.1(a)B

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
Annex – Form of Issue Specific Summary 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)