--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 4 July 2024 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Issuer X Limited  
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended), with 
registered number 129881) 
 
WT SECURITIES PROGRAMME 
Under the WT Securities Programme described in this Prospectus (the "Programme"), WisdomTree Issuer X Limited (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue exchange 
traded securities (the "WT Securities") on the terms set out herein as completed by the final terms in respect of the 
relevant WT Securities (the "Final Terms").  
WT Securities are complex, structured products which may involve a significant degree of risk and may not be 
suitable or appropriate for all types of investor. It is advisable that any person wishing to invest seeks appropriate 
financial, tax and other advice from an independent financial advisor with appropriate regulatory authorisation 
and qualifications and an investment in WT Securities is only suitable for persons who understand the economic 
risk of an investment in WT Securities and are able to bear the risk for an indefinite period of time. A prospective 
investor should be aware that the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in WT Securities may 
be lost. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the price of the underlying asset(s) by which the WT Securities are 
secured can demonstrate high volatility and consequently the value of the WT Securities may be extremely 
volatile. 
The WT Securities issued under the Programme are exchange-traded products, which do not qualify as shares 
or units in collective investment schemes within the meaning of Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act 
(“CISA”), as amended. They have not been approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(“FINMA”) and are not subject to its supervision. Accordingly, investors do not benefit from the investors' 
protection of the CISA. The WT Securities are not issued, guaranteed or secured in an equivalent manner by a 
supervised financial institution within the meaning of Art. 70 para. 1 of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), 
as amended. An investment in the Programme do not qualify as a bank deposit and is not within the scope of any 
deposit protection scheme. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the SIX Exchange Regulation AG as competent review body in 
Switzerland, pursuant to Article 54 (2) of the FinSA, and may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of 
charge here: http://www.wisdomtree.eu. PRIIPs KIDs have been prepared in relation to the WT Securities and may 
also be obtained on the webpage mentioned above. 
The WT Securities are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and/or on certain other stock exchanges (together, the “Relevant 
Stock Exchanges” and each a "Relevant Stock Exchange"). The attention of the investors is drawn to the fact that, 
while the Issuer intends to maintain such listings, a delisting in accordance with the rules of a Relevant Stock Exchange 
can never be excluded and that therefore no assurance can be given that such listings on the Relevant Stock Exchange(s) 
will be maintained under any circumstances such as a material change of the regulatory characterisation of the product.  
The Conditions, the WT Securities, the Trust Deed and the Security Document are governed by the laws of England. 
Notwithstanding the submission to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in these documents, nothing prevents 
the Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus issued in respect of WT Securities by the Issuer. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making any investment 
in WT Securities. 
This Prospectus may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of WT Securities which are undated limited recourse debt securities of the Issuer. 
The WT Securities are intended to provide investors with a return equivalent to holding the relevant Underlying Asset(s), 
less fees, as set out in the relevant Schedule and the Applicable Product Annex.  
All WT Securities are secured on the relevant Underlying Asset(s) which are deposited with one or more Custodians 
appointed by the Issuer for the storage of such Underlying Asset(s), in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex and 
relevant Custody Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, at no time shall Underlying Asset(s) include Prohibited Coins.  
The Issuer is a special purpose entity owned by WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited, which is ultimately a wholly owned 
subsidiary of WisdomTree, Inc. 
In order to provide liquidity and ensure minimal tracking error, WT Securities can be applied for or redeemed in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Applicable Product Annex and Authorised Participant Agreement by Authorised Participants. All 
other investors may either (i) buy and sell WT Securities, of one or multiple Classes, through trading on a Relevant Stock 
Exchange on which such WT Securities are listed or traded; or (ii) following the Issuer announcing through a Notice that 
non-Authorised Participants are permitted to apply for or redeem WT Securities of a particular Class with the Issuer, apply 
for or redeem WT Securities of a particular Class with the Issuer in accordance with the conditions prescribed in such 
notice. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the 
WT Securities to enable them to make an informed assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer; and (ii) the rights attaching to the WT Securities. 
The rights attaching to the WT Securities are contained in the Conditions set out under the heading “Conditions” under 
Terms and Conditions of the WT Securities. Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, 
risk factors relating to an investment in WT Securities, the key parties to the Programme, the terms of any material 
contracts of the Issuer, and details of the tax treatment of a holding of WT Securities in certain jurisdictions. Information 
on how an investor can determine the value of their investment are set out under Economic Overview of the WT Securities.  
Information specific to each Class of WT Securities is contained in the Schedule relevant to that particular Class 
of WT Security.  
Definitions 
Unless otherwise defined in this Prospectus, capitalized terms have the meanings given to them in the “Conditions” under 
Terms and Conditions of the WT Securities. 
A copy of this Prospectus is available at http://www.wisdomtree.eu  
General 
The Issuer alone has been responsible for the formulation and structuring of the WT Securities and the terms thereof and 
for the custody and security arrangements relating thereto. The Trustee expresses no views on the adequacy, suitability 
and enforceability thereof and accepts no responsibility for such matters and shall have no liability to any person for any 
loss suffered or incurred by any person by reason of investing in, or otherwise, relating to any WT Securities.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................ 4 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE WT SECURITIES ........................................................................................ 12 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 13 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ...................................................................................................................................... 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WT SECURITIES .................................................................................... 36 
APPLICABLE PRODUCT ANNEX TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WT SECURITIES ...................... 68 
SUMMARY OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS .......................................................................................... 69 
THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................................................... 72 
THE MANAGER .................................................................................................................................................. 76 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................................................................................... 78 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 83 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS ................................................................................................... 89 
SCHEDULE A: DIGITAL SECURITIES .............................................................................................................. 91 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 137

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview of the Programme and the WT Securities does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Prospectus, the Schedule, and 
in the Final Terms in respect of each Class of WT Securities. Words and expressions not defined in this 
summary shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
 
A. This Prospectus 
 
This Prospectus has been approved on 4 July 2024 by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The SFSA only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.  
 
The Prospectus permits offers of WT Securities to the public in Sweden and/or an admission to trading of 
such WT Securities on a regulated market in Sweden. The Issuer has requested the SFSA to notify the 
approval of the Base Prospectus to Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, 
Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Poland and Spain. The Issuer may request the SFSA to notify the 
approval of the Prospectus to other EEA Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for 
the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States and/or for admission to trading of all or any WT 
Securities on a regulated market therein, or both.  
 
In the case of a public offer, the Issuer will set out the relevant jurisdiction of the public offer and the offer 
period in the final terms. 
 
B. Warning regarding expiry of the Prospectus and supplements thereto 
 
Investors should note that Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval for offers to the public or 
admissions to trading on a regulated market and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect 
any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each, a Supplement) to this Prospectus or publish a new base 
prospectus if there is a significant change affecting any matter contained in this Prospectus or a significant 
new matter arises, the inclusion of information in respect of which would have been so required if it had arisen 
when this Prospectus was prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation 
to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
C. Description of the Programme 
 
A WT Security is an undated secured limited recourse debt obligation of the Issuer, which entitles a WT 
Securityholder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) to require redemption of the WT Security and on the 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date receive the relevant Redemption Amount for that class of WT Security.  
 
Any person may buy and sell WT Securities on a Relevant Stock Exchange where such WT Securities are 
admitted to trading, provided that person is capable of buying and selling such WT Securities under the 
applicable law to and rules of the applicable Relevant Stock Exchange (see Section B below for further 
information). 
 
A WT Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant may apply for and/or redeem certain Classes of WT 
Securities directly with the Issuer as described in more detail in the relevant Schedule and Applicable Product 
Annex.  
 
The WT Securities are backed by quantities of relevant Underlying Asset(s) held in accordance with the 
Conditions, Applicable Product Annex and the relevant Schedule. WT Securities will not include any 
Prohibited Coin as Underlying Asset(s).  
 
Please see the “Applications and Redemptions” of the relevant Schedule for the Class of WT Securities and 
the Applicable Product Annex for further information.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
D. Listing and Trading 
 
All WT Securities are fully transferable. The Issuer may apply to a Relevant Stock Exchange for a Class of 
WT Securities to be admitted to such Relevant Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market thereof. Application will be made for certain WT Securities to be listed for trading on the Regulated 
Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt (General Standard)) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) (the "Frankfurt Stock Exchange") and application will be made for certain WT 
Securities to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange according to the Exchange Traded Product Regulatory 
Standard of the SIX Swiss Exchange. The Issuer may also apply for a Class of WT Securities to be admitted 
to trading on a multilateral trading facility or MTF or on other exchanges.   
 
However, an active secondary market on the regulated market may not develop in respect of all Classes of 
WT Securities. 
 
In order to provide liquidity to investors and to minimise any tracking error, the Issuer will use reasonable 
endeavours to ensure that there at least two Authorised Participants at all times after the date falling three 
months following the first date that a particular Class of WT Securities is listed on a Relevant Stock Exchange, 
and until then there will be at least one Authorised Participant, making a market on the applicable Relevant 
Stock Exchange in some or all of the WT Securities. The Issuer will only appoint Authorised Participants that 
are reputable financial services companies subject to the appropriate regulation in one or more of (i) a member 
state of the European Union, (ii) Jersey, (iii) the United Kingdom, and (iv) any another jurisdiction that is not 
a country or territory identified as presenting higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial 
services business published by the Jersey Financial Services Commission from time to time, experienced in 
holding assets that are similar to the underlying crypto assets. 
 
Each Class of WT Securities traded on a Relevant Stock Exchanges may have different market makers, 
bid/offer spreads and depth of liquidity and may be traded using different platforms.  
 
The Issuer may resolve to introduce subsequent trading lines which are not denominated in the base currency 
of the WT Security to be admitted to listing on the Relevant Stock Exchange. In addition to USD, the issuer 
may list trading lines in EUR, CHF, GBP. 
 
Any Notice by the Issuer will be available, free of charge, on the Issuer’s Website. 
 
E. Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for WT Securities 
 
WT Securities are constituted by the Trust Deed. Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee acts as 
trustee for the WT Securityholders of each Class of the WT Securities. The relevant Underlying Assets held 
are the subject of floating and fixed charges and a pledge under the Security Documents in favour of the 
Trustee to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and the WT Securityholders in respect of 
the relevant Class of WT Securities.  
 
Under the Custody Agreements the relevant Custodian acknowledges the security created in favour of the 
Trustee and agrees that once any relevant Underlying Assets are deposited in accordance with the relevant 
Custody Agreement, it may only be removed after approval from the Issuer (or the Trustee following an Event 
of Default). The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each Class of WT Security will be secured by a charge 
over the equivalent class of Underlying Assets in the relevant Issuer Asset Accounts held by the Issuer and 
over the rights of the Issuer in respect of those Issuer Asset Accounts under the relevant Custody Agreements. 
 
The following is a summary of the flow of funds and assets attributable to the WT Securities: 
 
WT Securities issued pursuant to this Prospectus can be bought and sold for cash on the Relevant Stock 
Exchange(s) on which the WT Securities may be admitted to trading rather than directly from the Issuer. The 
cash used to settle these transactions is never delivered to the Issuer. Market makers work to ensure that 
there is sufficient liquidity on those stock exchanges. To aid this process, the Issuer will enter into agreements 
(known as Authorised Participant Agreements) with certain financial institutions – Authorised Participants – 
whereby it has agreed to issue and redeem WT Securities to those Authorised Participants on an ongoing 
basis. Further details about the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreements are set out under the heading 
“Authorised Participant Agreements” in the section titled “Summary of the Programme Documents”. 
 
An Authorised Participant must deliver the relevant Underlying Assets meeting the requirements as set out 
by the relevant Custodians equal to the aggregate Asset Entitlement into the accounts at the Custodians. Only 
once all of the Underlying Assets have been received will the Issuer create the relevant WT Securities and

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
deliver them to the Authorised Participant via the Relevant Clearing System (such as CREST). Further details 
about settlement of the WT Securities in the Relevant Clearing System can be found under the heading 
“Settlement” in the section titled “Overview of the Programme” and/or in the relevant Schedule and Applicable 
Product Annex. 
 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the WT Securities on a Relevant Stock Exchange, sell the WT 
Securities in off exchange transactions (known as “OTC” or “Over-the-Counter” transactions) or keep the WT 
Securities to hold themselves. The creation process is described in more detail under the heading 
“Applications and Redemptions” below. 
 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell WT Securities for cash on any of the Relevant 
Stock Exchanges or in private transactions (OTC) in the same way as they buy and sell other listed securities. 
As the value of the relevant Underlying Assets backing the WT Securities fluctuates, so will the value of such 
WT Securities. Investors should be aware that the value of any WT Securities that are Index Digital Securities 
will not directly reflect the value of the relevant Index referenced by such WT Securities.  Instead, the 
composition of the Asset Entitlement in respect of such WT Securities will track, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, the composition of the Digital Currencies underlying the relevant Index.  The Coin Entitlement in 
respect of such WT Securities will adjust as the relevant Index is rebalanced but the value of the WT Securities 
is not otherwise dependent on the performance of the relevant Index. For the avoidance of doubt, Prohibited 
Coins cannot form part of an Index.  
 
Once the WT Securities are created the relevant Underlying Assets will be held with all other relevant 
Underlying Assets attributable to such Class of WT Securities in the relevant secured accounts at the 
Custodians in the name of the Issuer in the Issuer Asset Account. No Underlying Assets shall include 
Prohibited Coins.  
 
See “Applications and Redemptions” below for information on application and redemption of WT Securities.  
 
F. Market Makers and Authorised Participants 
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the designated market makers are Flow Traders B.V. and Goldenberg 
Hehmeyer LLP.  
 
Other market participants, including the Authorised Participants set out below, may make a market for the 
product on a Relevant Exchange. However, market makers except for designated market makers have no 
obligation to make a market in all market conditions. 
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Authorised Participants are Bluefin Europe LLP, DRW Global Markets 
Ltd, Flow Traders B.V., Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP, Jane Street Financial Ltd and Virtu Financial Ireland 
Limited. 
 
G. The System  
 
The Issuer has implemented a system (the “System”) for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
applications and request redemptions of WT Securities by means of a secure website. All applications for WT 
Securities will be made and all redemptions of WT Securities will be requested using this System. In the event 
of a failure in the System, applications may be made and redemptions may be requested using the forms and 
notices described under the headings “Applications and Redemptions — Application Processes” and 
“Applications and Redemptions — Redemptions” below. 
 
H. Authorised Participants 
 
A person can only be an Authorised Participant if it is a securities house or other market professional approved 
by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion). An Authorised Participant must also have entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer dealing with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the 
Authorised Participant in relation to applying for and redeeming WT Securities. 
  
The terms of the Authorised Participant Agreements are summarised in the Summary of the Programme 
Documents section. The Issuer has agreed to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that, at all times after 
the date falling three months from the first date that a particular Class of WT Securities is listed on a Relevant 
Stock Exchange, there are at least two Authorised Participants and until that date, that there is at least one 
Authorised Participant. 
 
Details 
of 
Authorised 
Participants 
will 
be 
published 
on 
available 
at

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
http://www.wisdomtree.eu.  
 
I. 
Applications and Redemptions 
 
General 
 
WT Securities can be issued to or redeemed on a daily basis by Authorised Participants (subject to 
conditions). WT Securities can also be issued to or redeemed by WT Securityholders who are not Authorised 
Participants in certain circumstances detailed in the Applicable Product Annex and the relevant Schedule.  
 
Following the Issuer giving a Notice that prospective investors who are not Authorised Participants are 
permitted to apply for WT Securities of a Class directly with the Issuer, such investors may request the issue 
of WT Securities of such Class directly with the Issuer in accordance with the conditions set out in such a 
notice.  
 
In circumstances where there are no Authorised Participants on a Business Day, the Issuer irrevocably 
undertakes to give a Notice to confirm that investors who are not Authorised Participants may request the 
redemption of WT Securities of a Class directly with the Issuer.  The Issuer confirms that in these 
circumstances, investors who are not Authorised Participants will be able to receive cash via the Cash 
Redemption mechanism unless they opt for Physical Redemption as detailed in the Applicable Product Annex 
and the relevant Schedule.  Such Cash Redemption request will only be valid if the Issuer, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, deems it to meet the requirements as set out in the Notice as well 
as the following requirements: 
 
(i) The Issuer has given a Notice that investors may redeem directly with it and such circumstances are 
continuing at the time the Cash Redemption request is made; 
(ii) A valid Redemption Notice has been lodged with the Issuer along with payment of the relevant fees 
(as described below); 
(iii) The investor has satisfied anti-money laundering and client identification requirements prescribed by 
the Issuer in light of the applicable requirements at such point in time; 
(iv) The investor has completed any account opening documentation and procedures including the 
provision of details relating to the relevant investor’s participation in a Relevant Clearing System; 
(v) The investor has provided full details of the account with a Relevant Clearing System to which 
payment should be made in accordance with the Redemption Payment Procedures; 
(vi) Acceptable Delivery of the WT Securities is made. 
  
The Issuer may charge a fee for this process to reflect the costs incurred in facilitating such Cash Redemption 
but being no more than 3%.  The amount that the investor will receive will be the amount realised from sale 
of their Asset Entitlement minus any Redemption Deductions.  There can be no assurance of the amount that 
will be received by the investor from sale of their Asset Entitlement on the market and there may be delays in 
payment to reflect the time it takes the Issuer to sell such Asset Entitlement.  Investors should speak to their 
broker or intermediary to discuss transfer of their securities through the Relevant Clearing System and for 
details of any fees and expenses that such broker or intermediary will charge. 
 
Applications and/or redemptions of WT Securities of a Class are subject to a minimum and/or maximum 
notional value or Optional Redemption Limit (as applicable) as set out in the Business Rules.  
 
Form of redemption controlled by the WT Securityholder 
 
In addition to the cash redemption mechanism which the Issuer will provide in the circumstances where there 
are no Authorised Participants (as described above), each WT Securityholder which is not an Authorised 
Participant will have control over whether redemption is effected by physical delivery or in cash. Where the 
WT Securityholder in its Redemption Form certifies that it is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from 
owning or taking delivery of the applicable Underlying Asset upon a Redemption, the Redemption will be a 
Cash Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.3(b). Pursuing Cash Redemption may, among all other risk factors 
applicable to any Digital Securities, entail specific risks not  associated with Physical Redemption, please refer 
to the risk factors “Slippage and Execution costs risk” and “Credit risk on third parties in relation to Cash 
Redemption or Compulsory Cash Redemption” in this Prospectus.  
 
Business Days 
 
WT Securities are created and redeemed based on a day count (i.e. day T, where day T represents the day 
an Application Order for the creation of WT Securities is made by an Authorised Participant or the day a 
Redemption Order requesting redemption of the WT Securities is made and day T+1 represents the following

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
day, etc.) using days which are Business Days. 
 
Application Process 
 
The process for applications and redemptions is described in more detail in the Applicable Product Annex and 
the relevant Schedule. 
 
For the purposes of this Prospectus, “Application” means an Application Order or any other application for 
WT Securities made in accordance with an alternative process as notified to the Authorised Participant, or if 
relevant the WT Securityholder, by the Issuer. 
 
Redemption Process 
 
The process for applications and redemptions is described in more detail in the Applicable Product Annex and 
the relevant Schedule.  
 
J. Order Fees  
 
Order Fees will only be payable on Application for and Redemption of WT Securities and not by investors who 
buy and sell such on the secondary market. The Issuer may charge Authorised Participants (or in certain 
circumstances WT Securityholders or prospective investors) a fee of up to $500 for each Application or 
Redemption, regardless of the number of WT Securities to be issued. No additional amounts will be charged 
by the Issuer to an Authorised Participant or a WT Securityholder in respect of VAT payable in connection 
with Order Fees. The Issuer may vary the Order Fees at any time after giving written Notice to Authorised 
Participants. 
 
There may be additional fees payable on Application and Redemption which are set out in the Applicable 
Product Annex, if applicable.  
 
K. Custody of Underlying Assets and Cold Storage 
 
The two current Custodians under the Programme are Swissquote and Coinbase, whose respective methods 
of custodying Digital Currencies are described below. 
 
Swissquote 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus Swissquote’s vault offers an institutional grade cold storage solution which 
operates on a security approach featuring dedicated and redundant hardware devices – Hardware Security 
Modules (HSM) for transaction signing and cryptographically-linked Approval Terminals (AT). The HSM acts 
as a digital vault for all cryptographic keys. All Digital Currencies that are held by Swissquote will be held in 
secured accounts with Swissquote Bank Ltd. The approval framework is implemented using hardware ATs, 
is independent of the Underlying Assets, and adheres to a higher security standard than the signing devices 
customary for digital currency.  
 
Encrypted backup copies of all cryptographic keys are taken completely offline and stored by Swissquote 
Bank Ltd in a secure location each time new cryptographic keys are generated.  
 
Coinbase 
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, Coinbase offers an institutional grade cold storage solution. Coinbase’s 
compliance officers and auditors witness and document the creation of cryptographic keys. Detailed records 
are kept, documenting each step of key creation. This includes how keys are generated, stored, and 
distributed. Coinbase Custody stores private keys in vaults in secure locations. Multi-factor authentication is 
required to access private keys and back-up key materials are secured in vault facilities globally. For 
decryption, withdrawals from cold storage undergo strict protocols to sign transactions and restore funds 
online. These protocols involve multiple independent actors, hardware security tokens, software-based 
security enforcement, and operational checks and balances. 
 
Other Custodians 
 
The Issuer will only appoint Custodians that are reputable financial services companies subject to the 
appropriate regulation in one or more of (i) a member state of the European Union, (ii) Jersey, (iii) the United 
Kingdom, and (iv) any another jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as presenting higher risks 
in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services business published by the Jersey Financial

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Services Commission from time to time, experienced in holding assets that are similar to the underlying crypto 
assets.  
 
In the event that there is more than one Custodian in respect of a particular Class of WT Securities, the 
Determination Agent shall not be required to place the relevant Underlying Asset with a specific Custodian. 
The Determination Agent may allocate the relevant Underlying Asset amongst the relevant Custodians in 
pursuant to the Determination Agency Agreement and with consideration to the principles of the custody 
allocation policy. A copy of the custody allocation policy is available at http://www.wisdomtree.eu. 
 
L. Security Structure  
 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the Redemption Obligations of the Issuer to 
WT Securityholders upon redemption of WT Securities. The description of the security structure relevant for 
each Class of WT Securities is set out in more detail in the relevant Schedule and the Security Documents.  
 
M. Relevant Clearing System and Settlement 
 
Relevant Clearing System 
 
The WT Securities may be issued in bearer form (including in new global note form ("NGN") or in classic 
global note form ("CGN") and serially numbered ("Bearer Securities") in registered form ("Registered 
Securities"), in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Securities ("Exchangeable Bearer Securities") or 
in dematerialised uncertificated registered form which shall not be exchangeable for Bearer Securities 
("Uncertificated Registered Securities").  
 
The settlement of transactions in the WT Securities will take place within the Relevant Clearing System. To 
the extent that the settlement of transactions in the WT Securities will take place in CREST, a paperless multi-
currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities (including debt securities) to be evidenced 
otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such securities electronically with effective delivery 
versus payment, the WT Securities are participating securities. Initially, and as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, the initial Relevant Clearing System will be CREST. 
 
Certificated Form 
 
For those Authorised Participants who wish to hold their WT Securities in Certificated Form, certificates in 
respect of the WT Securities will be dispatched within 10 Business Days of the WT Securities being issued.  
 
For those Authorised Participants who desire to hold their WT Securities in Uncertificated Form, the relevant 
account of the Relevant Clearing System will be credited on the day on which the WT Securities are issued 
against payment. 
 
The Issuer considers it preferable that WT Securities be held in Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any 
other provision in this document, the Issuer reserves the right to issue any WT Securities in Certificated Form. 
In normal circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the event of any interruption, failure or 
breakdown of the Relevant Clearing System (or any part thereof), or on the part of the facilities and/or systems 
operated by the Registrar in connection with the Relevant Clearing System. This right may also be exercised 
if the correct details (such as participant ID and member account details) are not provided as requested on 
the Application Order. No temporary documents of title will be issued and, pending despatch of security 
certificates, transfers will be certified against the register.  
 
No responsibility for settlement systems 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will have any responsibility for the performance by the Relevant Clearing 
Exchange of any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
 
 
N. Registers 
 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
 
O. Money Laundering Regulations  
 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or any 
subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the (i)

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Authorised Participants or (ii) following a relevant announcement by the Issuer through a Notice permitting 
non-Authorised Participants to deal with the Issuer, non-Authorised Participants, for WT Securities may be 
required. The anti-money laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the 
Programme and verification of the identity of the Authorised Participants or non-Authorised Participants (as 
applicable). 
 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application Order through the System, each Authorised 
Participant or non-Authorised Participants (as applicable) confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering 
(Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time to time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering Regulations 
2007 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or 
undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as is required by the Issuer at the time of lodging the 
Application Form, or, at the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at such specified time thereafter as may be 
requested to ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the Money Laundering 
Regulations 2007 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity requirements 
apply to any Authorised Participant or non-Authorised Participants (as applicable) and whether such 
requirements have been satisfied. The Issuer shall not be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or 
damage suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s or non-
Authorised Participant’s (as applicable) identity satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided. 
 
P. The Issuer and the Manager  
 
The Issuer is a public limited company incorporated in Jersey for the purpose of issuing WT Securities and 
entering into the Programme Documents and to issue other types of securities (and enter into agreements 
relating thereto) relating to various Underlying Assets. The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and 
it is not intended that any Underlying Assets will be assigned credit ratings. 
 
The shares in the Issuer are all held by WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited (“HoldCo”), a company 
incorporated in Jersey to act as the holding company of the Issuer and which is itself ultimately wholly-owned 
by WisdomTree, Inc. The Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the 
Programme. The Issuer is dependent upon the Manager to provide management and administration services 
to it, as further described below under the heading “Administration and Registrar Services”. 
 
The Manager intends to promote and to provide management and other services to the Issuer and currently 
also provides such services to Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited, WisdomTree Hedged 
Commodity Securities Limited and WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited. 
 
WisdomTree, Inc 
 
WisdomTree, Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at 245 Park Avenue, 35th 
Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree, Inc. is the ultimate holding company of a group of 
companies which include the Issuer, the Manager and HoldCo. WisdomTree, Inc. through its subsidiaries 
operates as an exchange traded product sponsor and asset manager. It also licences its indices to third 
parties.  
 
Administration and Registrar Services  
 
Pursuant to the Service Agreement, the Manager supplies certain management and administration services 
to the Issuer and pays all the management and administration costs of the Issuer, including the fees of JTC 
Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited, the Registrar, the Trustee and the Custodians. 
 
The Manager is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was 
incorporated on 16 November 2010 and its registered office is Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, 
Jersey, JE4 8PW, Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree, Inc. 
 
The Manager has entered into an administration agreement with JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (the 
“Administrator” or “JTC”) whereby JTC will perform certain administration duties for the Issuer (including 
acting as receiving agent). JTC is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991 on 8 July 1985.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Registrar is 
to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. The Registrar 
is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 2 September 1999. 
 
Q. Further information 
 
Information regarding Jersey and Swiss taxation in respect of the Programme and the WT Securities is set 
out in the Tax Considerations section. If an investor is in any doubt about the tax position, it should consult a 
professional adviser. Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further 
information relating to the Programme and the WT Securities. 
 
R. No STS notification 
 
While the Issuer is established as a special purpose company for issuing the WT Securities backed by the 
Underlying Assets as described in this Prospectus, no notification has been or is intended to be, 
communicated to ESMA in relation to the ‘Simple, Transparent, and Standardised’ (STS) criteria set out in the 
Securitisation Regulation (EU) 2017/2402. 
 
S. Structure of the transaction  
 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure outlined above as currently in place 
appears below:  
 
 
 
 
 
T. Transparency Directive 
 
The Issuer announced on 29 June 2022 by RIS announcement that it had elected the Netherlands as its 
Home Member State for the Purposes of Directive 2004/109 EC of the European Parliament and the 
European Council (the “Transparency Directive”).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE WT SECURITIES 
 
Overview of the WT Securities  
 
The Issuer may from time to time issue exchange traded securities under the Programme which are secured 
on Underlying Asset(s) on the terms set out in the section of this Prospectus headed "Terms and Conditions 
of the WT Securities", as supplemented and amended in respect of each Class of WT Securities by the 
Applicable Product Annex and read in conjunction with the Final Terms relating to such Class.  
 
Information specific to each Class of WT Securities are contained in the Schedule relevant to that particular 
Class of WT Security. 
 
Factors affecting the Asset Entitlement and the market value of the WT Securities  
 
The Asset Entitlement is the amount of each Underlying Asset that the WT Securityholder is entitled to on 
Redemption of the WT Security. The calculation of the relevant entitlement is set out in the Applicable 
Product Annex. 
 
See the section of this Prospectus headed "Risk Factors" for a description of the risks associated with an 
investment in WT Securities and the “Risk Factors” section of the Prospectus and the relevant Schedule. 
 
Interest on the WT Securities 
 
The WT Securities do not bear interest. 
 
Early redemption 
 
If a Compulsory Redemption Event occurs in respect of a Class of WT Securities, each WT Security of such 
Class, or if a Compulsory Redemption Event occurs in respect of a WT Securityholder, the WT Securities of 
that WT Securityholder, will become due and payable on the relevant Compulsory Redemption Settlement 
Date at its Redemption Amount. 
 
Optional redemption of WT Securities by WT Securityholders 
 
WT Securities may be applied for and redeemed on any Business Day, in accordance with Part F (Applications 
and Redemptions) of the section titled “Overview of the Programme”.  
 
Taxation and no gross-up 
 
Each WT Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the WT Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the WT Securities, 
the WT Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive amounts to 
compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any such 
withholding or deduction.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
This section contains a number of risk factors, both risks pertaining to the Issuer and pertaining to the WT 
Securities. The Issuer believes that the risk factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the WT Securities 
set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in WT Securities. All of these risk factors are 
risks which may or may not occur. 
 
The assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their adverse impact. The risk factors are presented in categories where the most 
material risk factors in a category is/are presented first under such category. Subsequent risk factors in the 
same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be 
categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category 
for such risk factor. 
A WT Securityholder may lose some or the entire value of their investment or part of their investment in WT 
Securities including for reasons other than those set out in the risk factors below, for example, for reasons not 
currently considered by the Issuer to be material or based on circumstances or facts of which the Issuer is not 
currently aware. 
 
The risks may differ in strength depending on the Underlying Asset of each WT Security.  
 
1. General Risks 
 
Market trading and price risk of WT Securities and the Underlying Assets 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the Underlying Assets 
and/or the WT Securities.  This may lead to a fall in the value of WT Securities which will have an adverse 
impact on any investor that purchased the WT Securities at a higher price as that investor would suffer a loss 
as a result. These factors may have different effects on each Class of WT Securities and, therefore, the impact 
may be different depending on which WT Securities an investor is holding. 
The market price of the WT Securities will be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the 
value and volatility of the Underlying Asset and market perception.  As a result, the price may be volatile and 
may fall rapidly and significantly.  This could lead to an investor suffering a loss as they may not be able to 
sell its WT Securities quickly and/or at a price such that the investor is able to prevent or minimise any loss of 
its investment. 
Prospective investors should be aware that market price of any WT Securities may not reflect their prior or 
future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future value and market price of any WT Securities. 
The price of the WT Securities (including the secondary market price) can go down as well as up throughout 
the term of the WT Securities and investors may lose the value of all or part of their investment. 
 
Liquidity risk of Underlying Assets 
The liquidity of a WT Security is inherently linked to the liquidity profile of the Underlying Asset which may 
change over time. In the event of liquidity in the Underlying Asset reducing, investors may find it difficult to sell 
WT Securities bought previously. Reduction in liquidity is often accompanied by falls in price or increased 
volatility. Investors should be aware that a deterioration in underlying market conditions will likely affect their 
ability to transact in any WT Security. This may result in a WT Securityholder being unable to sell some or all 
of the WT Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could result in a WT Securityholder 
suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
Secondary market price risk 
At any time, the price at which WT Securities trade on a Relevant Stock Exchange (or any other exchange or 
market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect accurately the Asset Entitlement. The 
application and redemption procedures for WT Securities and the role of the Authorised Participant(s) as 
market-makers are intended to minimise this potential difference. However, the market price per WT Security 
will be a function of supply and demand for the WT Securities and the bid/offer spread that market-makers 
are willing to quote for WT Securities.  As a result, an investor may pay more or less than the market value of 
the Asset Entitlement when the investor buys WT Securities on any secondary market. Correspondingly, an 
investor may receive more or less than the price per WT Security when WT Securities are sold on a secondary 
market.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Whilst Authorised Participants may have obligations to an exchange, Authorised Participants are not obliged 
to make a market for any Class of WT Securities.  A reduced number of Authorised Participants making a 
market in WT Securities could impact liquidity that, in turn, could negatively impact the market price of the WT 
Securities. 
Additionally, pricing and liquidity provision in the secondary market is dependent on the equities trading 
ecosystem and the participants within it. This includes, but is not limited to, exchanges, market making firms, 
banks, clearing houses, Multi-lateral Trading Facilities and associated electronic communication channels as 
well as connectivity infrastructure. Any disruption to this ecosystem can result in reduced liquidity and price 
distortion of the WT security in the secondary market. Any of these factors could cause an investor to be 
restricted in their ability to buy and sell WT Securities at a particular time which could cause them to incur a 
loss. 
Tracking error or tracking difference 
If a WT Security tracks or replicates an underlying index or price, the application of fees and other adjustments 
may cause the change in the price per WT Security for any given period of time to differ from the change in 
the relevant underlying index or price.  As a result, an investor may find that the return they achieve from an 
investment in WT Securities is less than the return they would have achieved from an investment in the 
underlying index or other asset as a result of any such difference. 
 
Slippage and Execution costs risk 
The reference price of an Underlying Asset may differ from the price at which the Issuer is able to purchase 
or dispose of that Underlying Asset. This may have an impact on the proceeds realized from the sale of that 
Underlying Asset on Cash Redemptions or Compulsory Cash Redemptions or cash creations of the WT 
Securities. As a result the WT Securityholder may receive less, or substantially less from the Issuer, than if 
they had purchased or disposed of the Underlying Asset themselves. Prospective investors in Index Digital 
Securities should also be aware that a Rebalancing may require the Issuer to purchase or dispose of an 
Underlying Asset from time to time in certain circumstances.  The price at which the Issuer is able to do so 
will impact the composition and weighting of the Digital Currenc(ies) comprised in the aggregate Coin 
Entitlement for a Class of Index Digital Securities. This may result in the composition and weighting of the 
Underlying Assets comprised in the relevant Coin Entitlement being different to the composition and weighting 
of the relevant Digital Currency in the Index, thereby increasing tracking error or difference.  An investment in 
a Class of Index Digital Securities is not therefore the same as an investment in the Index itself.  
 
Spread risk 
An Authorised Participant may maintain such bid/offer spread as it determines in its absolute discretion. In the 
event that there is extreme market volatility in the price of the Underlying Asset, the Authorised Participant 
may use its discretion to widen spreads as necessary, or take any other action it sees fit, including exiting the 
market. The bid/offer spread is the difference between the bid price (i.e. the price at which a holder can sell 
WT Securities to the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the price at which a holder can buy WT 
Securities from the Authorised Participant). Any price provided by an Authorised Participant or other 
secondary market price may take into account fees (including any dealing order fees charged by the Issuer 
to such Authorised Participant), charges, duties, taxes, commissions, liquidity, market spreads and/or other 
factors. Prospective investors should be aware that an Authorised Participant may purchase WT Securities 
and hold them on its own inventory and may exercise all voting rights associated with the WT Securities during 
this period. 
Prospective investors should note that changes in spreads, may have an adverse effect on the market price 
of such WT Securities and an investor may consequently suffer a loss on any investment in WT Securities. 
 
Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its function, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the WT 
Securityholders as a Class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual WT 
Securityholders and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any WT Securityholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual WT Securityholders. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Trustee in exercise of its function may 
cause a loss of some or all of the investment of an individual WT Securityholder. 
 
Tax 
Depending on the investor’s country of residence, a holding in WT Securities that reference the price of

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Underlying Assets may have tax implications, such as value added tax or capital gains tax. Investors should 
consider whether such tax liabilities apply when investing in the WT Securities and should consult their tax 
advisors regarding their specific circumstances and consequences for themselves.  Each investor will assume 
and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction, including central government or local state 
taxes or other like assessment or charges which may be applied in respect of WT Securities. In the event that 
any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on the WT Securities, the WT Securityholders 
will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such 
withholding or deduction.  Investors should be aware that the tax treatment of the WT Securities in their 
jurisdiction will impact the return that they achieve from their holding of WT Securities and this should inform 
their decision to invest. Accordingly, the tax treatment of the WT Securities in the investor’s country of 
residence may cause a WT Securityholder to lose some or all of their investment. 
 
Trading Hours 
The WT Securities will trade only during regular trading hours on the Relevant Stock Exchange(s) on which 
they are listed. The Underlying Assets to the WT Securities may trade on exchanges which operate globally 
around the clock. To the extent that a Relevant Stock Exchange is closed while the markets for Underlying 
Assets remain open, significant price movements may take place an investor in WT Securities will not be able 
to take account of. This may limit WT Securityholders’ ability to react to price movements or volatility in the 
markets for the relevant Underlying Asset. Additionally, WT Securityholders will not be able to redeem the WT 
Securities until such Relevant Stock Exchange is open for trading. In these circumstances, a WT 
Securityholder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the WT Securities at that time is less than it would 
otherwise have been if redeemed at a time when the applicable Relevant Stock Exchange was closed but 
other markets in Underlying Assets remained open. 
 
2. Early Redemption 
 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect to redeem all WT Securities, or all of the 
WT Securities of a Class. In exercising such discretion, the Issuer will have no regard to the interests of the 
WT Securityholders, and WT Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than their initial 
investment. An investment in WT Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a WT Securityholder 
and at short notice. In these circumstances, the WT Securityholder may less, than their initial investment if 
the cash value of the WT Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been 
redeemed on a day chosen by the WT Securityholder. 
 
Illegality 
The Issuer may determine that all WT Securities, or all WT Securities of any one or more Class, are to be 
Redeemed compulsorily if it becomes illegal or impossible for the Issuer to issue or deal with such WT 
Securities or to hold or deal with Underlying Assets forming part of the Secured Property. In exercising such 
discretion, the Issuer will have no regard to the interests of the WT Securityholders, and WT Securityholders 
may receive less, or substantially less, than their initial investment. 
 
Consequences of a Compulsory Redemption Event or an Event of Default 
Following the occurrence, in respect of a Class of WT Securities, of a Compulsory Redemption Event or an 
Event of Default, the Issuer (in the event of a Compulsory Redemption Event) or the Trustee (in the event of 
an Event of Default) may declare such Class due and payable. Consequently, an investment in WT Securities 
may be redeemed earlier than desired by a WT Securityholder and at short notice. In these circumstances, 
the WT Securityholder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the WT Securities is lower than it would otherwise 
have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the WT Securityholder. 
 
WT Securityholder directions 
The Conditions of each Class of WT Securities permit the holders of 1/5 or more of the outstanding number 
of WT Securities of a Class following the occurrence of (i) an Event of Default; and/or (ii) an Issuer Insolvency 
Event which would, upon delivery of the requisite notice, constitute a Compulsory Redemption Event, to direct 
the Trustee to deliver a notice or take such other action in accordance with the Conditions, whereupon each 
WT Security of such Class will become due and payable at its Redemption Amount (as applicable) 
immediately upon the delivery of such notice (in the case of an Event of Default) or will be compulsorily 
redeemed with settlement due on the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date (in the case of a Compulsory 
Redemption Event). The Trustee will not however be obliged to take any step or action or to act in accordance

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
with any such direction unless the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction by one or more WT Securityholders. 
At any time after the security constituted by a Security Document has become enforceable, the Trustee may, 
at its discretion, and will, if so directed in writing by holders of at least 1/5 of the outstanding number of WT 
Securities of the relevant Class, subject to its having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to 
its satisfaction by the WT Securityholders of the relevant Class, enforce the security constituted by the relevant 
Security Documents. 
Consequently, an investment in WT Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a WT Securityholder 
and on short notice. In these circumstances, a WT Securityholder may suffer a loss if the Redemption Amount 
of the WT Securities at that time is less than it would otherwise have been if redeemed on a day chosen by 
the WT Securityholder. 
 
Issuer Technical Amendment 
The Trustee may agree without the consent of any of the WT Securityholders to a modification to the 
Conditions, any relevant Trust Deed and/ or any Programme Document (i) in connection with the accession 
of an Authorised Participant to the Programme or (ii) to effect any adjustment to the Conditions of the WT 
Securities as a consequence of the occurrence of an Adjustment Event (the date on which such adjustment 
is effected, being the "Adjustment Effective Date").  Adjustments so agreed as a consequence of an 
Adjustment Event must not have the consequence that there is a negative change to the Price per WT Security 
or the Asset Entitlement in respect of the relevant WT Securities at the time the adjustments are agreed and 
must not take effect until at least three calendar days have elapsed after they were announced to WT 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20.   
The definition of an Adjustment Event will be set out in the Applicable Product Annex and may include, without 
limitation, changes in the market for transacting in the relevant Underlying Asset, in the legal or regulatory 
status of the Underlying Asset or, in the case of Index Digital Securities, a cancellation or disruption affecting 
the relevant underlying index or a modification to the methodology for calculating such underlying index.  The 
Trustee will not agree to such a modification unless the Issuer has certified in writing to the Trustee, upon 
which certification the Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify or form its own opinion 
that any such modification (1) is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of any Class of WT 
Securityholders and (2) has been drafted solely for the purposes given in (i) or (ii) in the paragraph 
above.  Thus, WT Securityholders may find that the terms of a Class of WT Securities they hold may be 
modified as a result of an Adjustment Event or the accession of an Authorised Participant without the WT 
Securityholder having consented to such modification. 
 
 
3. Suspension of Trading and Termination of Listing 
Each exchange where the WT Securities are listed and/or their regulatory bodies may at any time, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, elect to temporarily suspend trading at the request of the issuer or on their own 
initiative if this is deemed necessary in exceptional circumstances, in particular, in the event of suspected price 
manipulation, falsification of liquidity or criminal activity.  Each exchange where the WT Securities are listed 
may also order a suspension in trading if the ongoing listing requirements are no longer fulfilled. 
 
If trading has been suspended for a continuous period of three months, the WT Securities are likely to be 
delisted from the relevant exchange, unless the reasons for the suspension ceased to exist.  
 
Neither the exchanges nor any of their regulatory bodies accept liability for damage or loss incurred in 
connection with the suspension of trading and delisting. 
 
 
4. Legal & Regulatory Risks  
  
Risk of No Authorised Participants  
 
There can be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to deal with the Issuer in 
applying for or redeeming WT Securities. If there are no Authorised Participants, the investor would need to 
redeem WT Securities directly with the Issuer, and this may take longer to complete or give rise to additional 
fees or costs. Consequently, an investment in WT Securities may not be redeemed at a time desired by the 
WT Securityholder. In these circumstances, the WT Securityholder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the 
WT Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day 
chosen by the WT Securityholder. If there are no Authorised Participants stock exchange liquidity in the WT 
Securities and the market price available to selling WT Securityholders are likely to be adversely affected.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
 
The Issuer is a special purpose company established for the purpose of issuing the WT Securities as asset 
backed securities. Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the priority of payments 
further details of which are set out in Section I of the section titled “Overview of the Programme”. Claims for 
all amounts due to the Trustee and to payment of any remuneration and expense of any receiver and the 
costs of realisations of the security will rank above those of investors. If the net proceeds from the enforcement 
of the Secured Property in respect of a particular Class of WT Securities, following enforcement of the Security 
Document applicable to that Class of WT Securities, are not sufficient to meet all obligations and make all 
payments then due in respect of the WT Securities of that class, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
such WT Securities of that class will be limited to the net proceeds of realisation of that Secured Property. In 
such circumstances the assets (if any) of the Issuer other than that Secured Property will not be available to 
meet any shortfall, the rights of the relevant WT Securityholders to receive any further amounts in respect of 
such obligations shall be extinguished and none of the WT Securityholders or the Trustee may take any further 
action to recover such amounts. In these circumstances a WT Securityholder will suffer a loss as they cannot 
realise the full value of their investment. 
 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
 
The Trustee may enforce the Security Document with respect to a Class of WT Securities at its discretion but 
is only required to enforce the security on behalf of a WT Securityholder if it is directed to do so by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by the WT Securityholders holding at least 1/5 of the WT Securities of 
a Class then outstanding provided that the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. In circumstances where the Trustee is not obliged to enforce the security, a WT Securityholder 
will have no right to proceed directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of 
their investment. This could result in in a WT Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
Administration and Winding-Up Proceedings in England and stays 
 
Under Section 426 of the Insolvency Act 1986, the English Courts may, if requested by a Court in a “relevant 
country or territory” (including Jersey), make an administration or winding up order in respect of a foreign 
company, such as the Issuer. 
 
If the Issuer were placed in administration in England, the effect would be that during the period of 
administration, the affairs, business and property of the Issuer would be managed by a person known as an 
administrator and this could affect the ability of a WT Securityholder to redeem their WT Securities at a time 
of their choosing, which could mean a delay in the return of the Underlying Assets to WT Securityholders and 
a loss if the value of the Underlying Asset has reduced in the intervening period. 
 
During the period beginning with making an application for an administration order and ending with the making 
of such an order or the dismissal of the application, no steps could be taken to enforce the Security except 
with the leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose. 
 
In the case of administration, while the Issuer remained in administration no steps could be taken to enforce 
the security, except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the Court and subject to such terms 
as the Court might impose. It is also open to the administrator to apply to the Court to sell property subject to 
the security free from the security. The administrator must however account to the Trustee for the proceeds 
of sale. 
 
Under the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 a foreign insolvency representative, in this case the 
insolvency representative of the Issuer in Jersey, may apply to the English Courts, inter alia, to commence 
insolvency proceedings under English law (which could include administration) or to have the English Courts 
recognise a foreign insolvency proceeding, or to have the English Courts grant a stay of any enforcement of 
any security. If any such application were made, it could affect the ability of the Trustee to enforce the security. 
 
If the Issuer were placed in liquidation in England, the security could be enforced by the Trustee on behalf of 
the WT Securityholders. 
 
Requirement to Have Minimum Number of Market Makers 
 
The Issuer may be required by the rules of a Relevant Stock Exchange to which the WT Securities are 
admitted to trading to have a minimum number of market makers. If a market maker ceases to act as market 
maker and a replacement cannot be found and as a result the Issuer cannot meet the minimum requirement,

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
such Relevant Stock Exchange may require the WT Securities to cease trading which may make it harder for 
a WT Securityholder to sell their WT Securities at a time of their choosing and which could lead to a loss to a 
WT Securityholder if, when they are subsequently able to sell their WT Securities, the value of those WT 
Securities has dropped below the value of such WT Securities when the WT Securityholder initially sought to 
sell them. 
 
Nature of Security under English Law 
 
Under an English law Security Document, a fixed charge purported to be granted may take effect under 
English law as a floating charge if sufficient control is not exerted by the Trustee over the relevant Secured 
Property. Similarly, a pledge purported to be granted may not be constituted under English law if the Trustee 
does not have actual or constructive possession of the pledged Secured Property or if the pledged Secured 
Property is not of a type that is capable of being pledged. Furthermore, any qualifying floating charge 
purported to be held by the Trustee will depend on whether, at any time of the exercise of any rights as a 
qualifying floating charge holder to appoint an administrator, that floating charge is over all or substantially all 
of the assets of the Issuer and the Issuer is a company to which the Insolvency Act 1986 applies. If the security 
taken in respect of the Secured Property is deemed not to be the type of security it purports to be, the WT 
Securityholders may have recourse to fewer assets in the event of an enforcement. This could result in in a 
WT Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
Floating Charges 
 
A floating charge is a security over a group of non-constant assets that may change in quantity ad value. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
 
(i) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative  pledge  contained  
in  the  floating  charge)  and  the  chargees  of  the  assets  concerned  and  against lien holders, 
execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off even if crystallised prior to the commencement 
of the winding-up; 
 
(ii) 
they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain taxes on 
winding-up; 
 
(iii) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
 
(iv) 
the administrative receiver has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating charge; 
and 
 
(v) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
 
If the security taken in respect of the Secured Property is deemed not to be the type of security it purports to 
be, the WT Securityholders may have recourse to fewer assets in the event of an enforcement. This could 
result in in a WT Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may not recognise the security created by a Security Document over some 
or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property or may require that additional registration or perfection 
steps be taken in order for such security to be recognised or to rank ahead of other claims in respect of such 
assets or to be enforceable as against certain third parties and not vulnerable to being set aside in certain 
circumstances. In those circumstances, such security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed 
located in that jurisdiction, obligations governed by the laws of that jurisdiction or owing by a party incorporated 
or located in that jurisdiction and/or owing to a party not incorporated or located in that jurisdiction and/or such 
assets may be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the Security Document 
and/or the security over such assets may not be enforceable as against third parties and/or may be set aside 
in certain circumstances. In the event that it becomes necessary to enforce the security granted by a Security 
Document in a jurisdiction that does not recognise such security (or in which it has not been registered and/or 
perfected) there may be delays in enforcing the security or it may not be possible to enforce such security 
which could result in losses to WT Securityholders. 
 
In addition, the nature of the security granted by a Security Document over the assets comprising the Secured 
Property may be characterised differently in different jurisdictions and/or no distinction drawn in such 
jurisdictions between the various security interests created by that Security Document. This may result in 
some or all of the security granted by such Security Document ranking behind other creditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Exercise of Rights and Enforcement of the Security 
 
The Trustee may enforce the Security Documents with respect to a Class of WT Securities in its discretion if 
an Event of Default or an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs with respect to a Class of WT Securities, In 
exercising its rights under the Trust Deed and the Security Documents and the Trustee will have regard to the 
interests of the WT Securityholders of that Class as a whole and will not have regard to the consequences of 
such exercise for individual WT Securityholders, such as the tax position for that investor, which may have an 
adverse impact on certain WT Securityholders more than others. 
 
The claims of WT Securityholders are subordinated upon enforcement of the Security 
 
The Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the 
Security Documents in the applicable order of priority set out in Condition 6.3 under which amounts due to 
the WT Securityholders will be subordinated to amounts due to the Trustee itself and any receiver(s), in each 
case in relation to the WT Securities. 
 
Following the priority of payments, the security may be insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to return 
the full amounts due to WT Securityholders who may suffer a loss as a result. 
 
5. Risks Specific to each Class of WT Securities 
 
Risks specific to and relevant to each Class of WT Securities are set out below.  
 
Class of WT Securities - Digital Securities  
 
In addition to the risk factors listed above, there are risk factors relevant to Digital Securities specifically that 
investors should be aware of.  
 
1. General Risks 
 
Adoption Risk 
 
Adoption of a Digital Currency could increase at a lower rate than expected or decrease for several reasons 
including: 
 
• 
Competition from alternative digital assets or digital currencies issued by a national government; 
• 
Changes to the digital currency impacting the security or the use case or the scalability; 
• 
Ethical concerns over energy usage or perceived usage in criminal activity; or 
• 
Regulatory approval across different countries. 
 
Therefore, the use and the demand for a digital currency may vary considerably over time. This means that the 
value of a digital currency may be highly speculative based on the future potential use case and the 
expectations for growth of adoption by users. If adoption levels drop, or fail to meet growth expectations, then 
this could cause the price of the Digital Currency and ultimately the value of the Digital Securities to fall or be 
lower than it otherwise would have been. 
 
 
Price Formation 
 
• 
Price setting and Supply & Demand 
 
Financial instruments (such as the WT Securities) that have Digital Currencies as their underlying asset are 
subject to risks to which holders of financial instruments with other underlying assets are not exposed.  
 
Prices for some digital assets (including Digital Currencies) are set entirely by market forces and are therefore 
driven by the supply and demand dynamics of a given digital asset. Digital Currencies typically do not have 
any cash flow associated with them and do not represent an underlying claim on income or profits and do not 
represent a liability that must be repaid. Digital Currencies are also unlike traditional commodities (such as 
oil) in that they are not raw materials and do not have a physical existence. Lastly, Digital Currencies are 
unlike traditional currencies (such as the Euro) in that Digital Currencies are not issued by a central bank and 
may not be broadly accepted for payments. As a consequence, fundamental valuations typically do not exist. 
In many cases, there may be limited use of the Digital Currency and potential use cases are still being 
explored.  As a result, changes in the supply and demand for the digital asset may be based largely on 
sentiment. This may result in Digital Currencies experiencing a significantly higher degree of volatility

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
compared to traditional currencies. 
Changes in the balance of buyers and sellers can vary wildly over time and even throughout a given day, 
leading to high levels of volatility which could impact the price of the Digital Currency and ultimately the value 
of the Digital Securities.  Volatility may cause the price of Digital Securities at the time they are redeemed or 
sold to differ from the price of such securities at the time the related Digital Currency is delivered to the 
redeeming Securityholder or the proceeds from its sale transferred to such investor.   
 
Changes in the depth of demand for and supply of the digital asset may impact the liquidity of the digital asset 
as well as its price, which in turn would impact the liquidity and price of the relevant Digital Security. This 
means that WT Securityholder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the WT Securities is lower than it would 
otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the WT Securityholder. 
 
 
  
 
• 
Exchanges and Valuation  
 
Many Digital Currency exchanges have been developed to facilitate trading in digital assets including the 
Digital Currencies. The price of a given crypto-asset will typically be the price at which it was last traded which 
may become stale in an asset that is thinly traded. Multiple exchanges lead to multiple sources for the last 
traded price and, consequently, there may be discrepancies in valuing a given crypto asset. 
 
During time of market stress, deviations can become more severe and may lead to greater uncertainty as to 
the value of a crypto-asset among investors.  This could adversely affect the price of Digital Currencies and 
consequently the value of an investment in Digital Securities. In these circumstances, the WT Securityholder 
may suffer a loss in all or part of its investment. 
 
Digital Currencies may also trade on unregulated markets, and trading on such markets may not be 
adequately overseen and may be more prone to fraud. Prices of Digital Currencies may be informed by trading 
activity on these unregulated markets, including potentially where such trading activity is fraudulent. 
 
• 
General Volatility & Daily Volatility 
 
Digital Currencies may be subject to very high levels of volatility. Different factors can influence this volatility 
which include, but are not limited to, rapid technology development, changes in regulation, news releases and 
investor sentiment.  Investors should be aware that the value of their investment may change rapidly over a 
short time periods (less than one day). 
 
• 
Large Holders 
 
Investors with large holdings may have a significant impact on supply/demand balance and may influence the 
price movement if they sell a significant portion of their holdings. While this is the case for most asset classes, 
the impact on digital assets including the Digital Currencies may be greater given:  
 
1. the tendency for protocol creators and miners to hold large positions during the initial stages of a 
protocol’s deployment in excess of what is seen in other asset classes; 
2. the relatively thin volumes observed for digital assets; and 
3. that markets in Digital Currencies tend not to be covered by legal and regulatory regimes prohibiting 
market abuse, market manipulation and similar market conduct commonly banned in securities markets. 
 
This may have a negative impact on the price and the other Digital Currency holders may suffer losses as a 
result. 
 
Capital Adjustment Factor changes  
 
The variables or underlying factors that are taken into account in calculating the Individual Coin Entitlement 
(i.e. at any date the amount of Digital Currency forming part of the Secured Property as determined in 
accordance with Annex A Condition 2 (Coin Entitlement)  for each Digital Currency comprising the Coin 
Entitlement (i.e quantity of Digital Currency which is used to determine the Redemption Amount that a WT 
Securityholder is entitled to on redemption of a Digital Security) for a Class on any day in accordance with the 
Applicable Product Annex are reflected in the Capital Adjustment Factor. The Determination Agent may vary 
the Capital Adjustment Factor in respect of a Class on any day (as indicated in the formula to calculate the 
Coin Entitlement as set out in the Applicable Product Annex) without giving notice to the WT Securityholders. 
Potential investors should note that the Issuer and the Determination Agent (as applicable) are not required

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
to consider the interests of the WT Securityholders in making any such variation. Any such variation in Capital 
Adjustment Factor or fees may negatively impact the return for WT Securityholders of that Class. 
 
Custodian non-performance on Physical Redemption or Compulsory Physical Redemption 
 
In the case of a Physical Redemption or Compulsory Physical Redemption of Digital Securities, the 
Determination Agent will instruct the relevant Custodian on behalf of the Issuer to effect a transfer of the Coin 
Entitlement for the Digital Securities being redeemed to the WT Securityholder. There may be circumstances 
in which a Custodian fails to effect such a transfer in accordance with such instructions. In that event, the 
Issuer will be not be responsible to or liable to the WT Securityholder for such failure. The Issuer will to the 
extent practicable assign to the redeeming WT Securityholder its claims against the relevant Custodian in 
respect of the Coin Entitlement that have not been transferred, but it may not be practicable to assign such 
claims and such claims may be of little or no value.  As a result, a Custodian’s failure to effect such a transfer 
may result in the WT Securityholder losing all of its investment. 
 
Credit risk on third parties in relation to Cash Redemption or Compulsory Cash Redemption 
 
In the case of a Cash Redemption or Compulsory Cash Redemption of Digital Securities, the Issuer will 
instruct the Determination Agent to sell on its behalf the Coin Entitlement for the Digital Securities being 
redeemed. The Determination Agency Agreement does not require the Determination Agent to sell the Digital 
Currencies comprising the aggregate Coin Entitlement for that Class of Digital Securities to a party to any 
Programme Document or to a person that meets any particular requirements or to sell such Digital Currencies 
on any particular terms.  There is no requirement under the Programme to require the counterparty to any 
such sale to grant any security or provide any collateral in respect of the obligations it owes to the Issuer in 
respect of the sale. There may be circumstances in which such counterparty fails to perform its obligations 
under such sale and fails to pay the consideration for the purchase of the Digital Currencies to the Issuer. The 
Issuer will to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming WT Securityholder its claims against such 
counterparty in respect of the redeeming WT Securityholder’s share in the proceeds of the sale of such Digital 
Currencies that has not been paid, but it may not be practicable to assign such claims and such claims may 
be of little or no value. As a result, the failure of a counterparty to pay such proceeds to the Issuer may result 
in the WT Securityholder losing all of its investment. 
 
Timing of settlement of Redemptions and Compulsory Redemptions 
 
The Conditions of the Programme grant the Issuer discretion as to the exact timing of Redemptions and 
Compulsory Redemptions of Digital Securities. This reflects that there is no set timescale for the settlement 
of transactions in Digital Securities. This means that there is no certainty that a holder of Digital Securities will 
receive settlement of a Redemption or Compulsory Redemption on any particular date. Consequently, an 
investment in WT Securities may be redeemed earlier or later than desired by a WT Securityholder. In these 
circumstances, the WT Securityholder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the WT Securities is lower than it 
would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the WT Securityholder 
 
Disruption Event Risks  
 
If, in respect of a Class of Digital Securities, a Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may suspend or postpone 
(i) any request for subscription or redemption of Digital Securities, (ii) any settlement of any subscription or 
redemption of Digital Securities or (iii) any Compulsory Redemption or the settlement thereof.  
 
A Disruption Event includes disruption to the market for a Digital Currency in which some or all of the Coin 
Entitlement of the relevant Digital Securities is denominated, as well as disruption to service, any Custodian 
or to the Secured Property supporting such Class of Digital Securities or, in respect of Index Digital Securities 
only, any event which results in the  Issuer being unable to publish the Coin Entitlement in respect of a Class 
of Index Digital Securities.  
 
During the period that Redemption of Digital Securities of such Class is suspended, the Digital Securities and 
the Underlying Assets may decrease in value and WT Securityholders that were prevented from requesting a 
Redemption may lose all or some of their investment as a result. During the period that settlement of 
Redemptions or Compulsory Redemption is suspended or postponed, the Digital Securities may fall in value 
so that the Redemption Amount received is lower (or considerably lower) (or has a lower or considerably lower 
cash value) than would have been the case if the Disruption Event had not occurred. Consequently, a WT 
Securityholder  may have to hold the WT Securities for a longer period than desired and may lose all or some 
of their investment as a result. 
 
Redemption Deductions

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
Prospective purchasers should note that Redemption Deductions are payable in respect of redemption of 
Digital Securities. 
 
Prospective purchasers should note that the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer to a WT Securityholder 
in respect of a Digital Security will be calculated less any applicable fees, which include but not are limited to 
Redemption Deductions. As such, the amount due to a WT Securityholder in respect of each Digital Security 
held by it on the Optional Redemption Settlement Date or the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date will be 
less than the aggregate price per Asset Entitlement in respect of such Digital Securities. Consequently, the 
redemption amount received by a WT Securityholder may be lower than they had anticipated. 
 
Tax – investor and Issuer considerations 
 
Depending on the investor’s country of residence, a holding in digital assets may have tax implications, such 
as value added tax or capital gains tax. Therefore, investors should consider whether such tax liabilities apply 
when investing in the Digital Securities. Each investor will assume and be solely responsible for any and all 
taxes of any jurisdiction, including central government or local state taxes, which may be applied in respect of 
Digital Securities. Any such tax liability may negatively impact the value of the investment of WT 
Securityholders.   
 
As the digital assets space is relatively new and does not have an established template for tax administration, 
the Issuer may be subject to tax liabilities with which it disagrees and this may lead to legal disputes which 
might impact the effective running of its operations. The Issuer may redeem all outstanding Digital Securities 
at any time for tax reasons. 
 
Liquidity Risk of the Digital Securities 
 
The Digital Securities are intended to be listed and traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange and the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange and may be listed or traded on one or more other Relevant Stock Exchanges. There is no certainty 
that there will be liquidity available on a Relevant Stock Exchange or that the price will be in line with the 
market value of the Digital Currencies at any given time. The Digital Securities may have long settlement 
periods or may become hard to value, buy or sell at a reasonable price or in a large volume. The Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligation in relation to the Digital Securities may also decline drastically. There can be no 
assurance as to the depth of the secondary market (if any) in Digital Securities, which could affect their liquidity 
and market price. 
 
Additionally, the market for certain investments may become illiquid under adverse market or economic 
conditions, independent of any specific adverse changes to the condition of the Issuer. As Digital Securities 
are relatively new and complex investments, their trading behaviour under a stressed financial environment 
is yet untested and there can be no assurance as to the depth of any secondary market in Digital Securities 
which would affect the ability of an investor to trade in Digital Securities, at an advantageous time, on the 
secondary market.  In the event that the Digital Securities become illiquid, this may negatively impact both the 
liquidity and price of the Digital Securities. This may result in a WT Securityholder being unable to redeem 
some or all of the Digital Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could result in a WT 
Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) and Know Your Customer (“KYC”) Risks for Digital Currencies 
 
The regulation of Digital Currencies is subject to change and, as Digital Securities are relatively new 
investments, the AML and KYC standards relating to Digital Currencies are continually evolving. As a result 
of such changes, the Issuer’s AML and KYC standards and policies may differ from other counterparties in 
the market. The Issuer will only obtain Digital Currency from counterparties that meet its AML and KYC 
standards, which may limit the amount of Digital Currency that can be obtained by the Issuer. This could 
adversely affect the liquidity of the Digital Securities in comparison to the liquidity of Digital Currencies 
available in the wider market. This may result in a WT Securityholder being unable to redeem some or all of 
the Digital Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could result in a WT Securityholder 
suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
AML Procedure Risk 
 
Evolving anti-money laundering and know-your-customer standards with respect to Digital Currencies may 
mean the Issuer’s standards may be different or more or less restrictive than some Digital Currency exchanges 
and other market participants limiting the Digital Currencies that can be used to subscribe for Digital 
Currencies to those which are not sourced from suspect sources. This may impair liquidity in the Digital

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Securities versus the underlying market. This may result in a WT Securityholder being unable to redeem some 
or all of the Digital Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could result in a WT 
Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
General Storage Risk for Digital Currencies 
 
Digital Currencies reside on the public blockchain in a distributed ledger, which means it is not held by a 
central authority at a single location, but rather distributed among a network of users. The ledger in public 
blockchains is transparent and available for everyone to view how much coins are available to spend from 
each address in the blockchain (which can be thought of as a kind of ‘account’). However, to spend the coins 
from a particular address and transfer them to another address requires the use of a private key. Securing the 
private keys that enable assets to be transferred is therefore crucial to safeguarding the assets.  
 
Physical storage of blockchain private keys in paper or electronic form, where the keys are generated from 
an offline system, is a popular solution. Investors who independently store private keys directly in this way risk 
losing access to their digital assets (including Digital Currency). This could be either through forgetting 
encryption passwords to access keys or losing the recovery seed to hardware wallets. Alternatively, investors 
may underestimate the requirement to ensure effective backups of keys, risking the loss of their investments 
if the medium used to physically store private keys was to fail, rendering the digital assets inaccessible and 
incapable of being realised. Instances of investors losing access to digital assets may adversely affect the 
levels of adoption and use of digital assets (including Digital Currencies), as well as investor sentiment towards 
them.  This could adversely affect the price of Digital Currencies and consequently the value of an investment 
in Digital Securities. 
 
The Issuer will partner with reputable specialist institutional crypto custody firm(s) to minimise the risk of loss 
of assets. Institutional custodian solutions may vary in their specific security implementation and process. 
However, they often will offer duplicate high security vaults for safekeeping of private keys with elaborate 
security protocols surrounding access to the vaults and withdrawals from addresses associated with the 
private keys stored or encrypted in the vault. Such arrangements offer high levels of security versus other 
ways of holding cryptocurrencies. However, there is no guarantee that these arrangements fully protect from 
loss of assets. Furthermore such elaborate security protocols often introduce intentional friction and delays to 
accessing assets, which mean that in some instances assets may not be accessible and their value may not 
be realisable immediately, which may result in a loss in cases where the price of the relevant cryptocurrencies 
moves adversely.  The jurisdiction or geography in which private keys are stored by the custodian firm, in case 
they are stored physically or on paper, may also affect the ability to withdraw assets in instances where 
regulation changes. 
 
The Issuer will not be able to access its assets for a period of time should the custodian experience any kind 
of systematic failure relating to technology, process or people. This may result in a WT Securityholder being 
unable to redeem some or all of the Digital Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could 
result in a WT Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss. 
 
Specific Storage Risk for Digital Currencies (Swissquote Bank Ltd) 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Swissquote Bank Ltd’s vault offers an institutional grade cold storage 
solution which operates on a security approach featuring dedicated and redundant hardware devices – 
Hardware Security Modules (HSM) for transaction signing and cryptographically-linked Approval Terminals 
(AT). The HSM acts as a digital vault for all cryptographic keys. All Digital Currency will be held in secured 
accounts with Swissquote Bank Ltd. The approval framework is implemented using hardware ATs, is 
independent of the Underlying Assets, and adheres to a higher security standard than the signing devices 
customary for digital currency.  
 
Encrypted backup copies of all cryptographic keys are taken completely offline and stored by Swissquote 
Bank Ltd in a secure location each time new cryptographic keys are generated. Digital Currency briefly in 
transit from Authorised Participants to the vault or from the vault to Authorised Participants or which is being 
traded during a Rebalancing Period in respect of a Class of Index Digital Securities will be exposed to the 
internet and may be subject to counterparty risk from the custodian (to the extent that Digital Currency is held 
in an unsegregated pooled wallet for the purposes of the Rebalancing). In addition, the Issuer is permitted to 
engage with proof-of-stake activity in respect of one or more Digital Currencies. Proof-of-stake is a type of 
consensus mechanism used by some blockchain networks to achieve distributed consensus. As a result of 
the proof-of-stake activity, the relevant Digital Currency will be exposed to the internet and exposed to 
counterparty risk from the custodian (to the extent that such Digital Currency is held in a non-segregated 
account for the purposes of Staking Arrangements).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Custody risk includes the risk of physical damage or loss of the storage infrastructure due to a lack of 
redundancy in the architecture and process which may render the Digital Currency inaccessible and incapable 
of being realised. Similar to the above general risk, this may (i) adversely affect the levels of adoption and use 
of digital assets (including Digital Currencies), (ii) investor sentiment towards them, and (iii) adversely affect 
the price of Digital Currencies and consequently the value of an investment in Digital Securities. 
 
Specific Storage Risk for Digital Currencies (Coinbase Custody Trust Company LLC) 
 
The main risk of any cold storage solution is physical damage or loss of the infrastructure due to a lack of 
redundancy in the architecture and process which may render the Digital Currency inaccessible and incapable 
of being realised. This may also (i) adversely affect the levels of adoption and use of digital assets (including 
Digital Currencies); (ii) investor sentiment towards them; and (iii) adversely affect the price of Digital 
Currencies and consequently the value of an investment in Digital Securities. 
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, Coinbase Custody offers an institutional grade cold storage solution. Most 
Digital Currencies held in the Secured Custody Accounts will be separated into segregated cold storage 
address accounts. Digital Currency briefly in transit from Authorised Participants to the vault or from the vault 
to Authorised Participants or which is being traded during a Rebalancing Period in respect of a Class of Index 
Digital Securities will be outside of the cold storage address accounts and exposed to the internet and subject 
to counterparty risk to the custodian (to the extent that Digital Currency is held in an unsegregated hot wallet 
for the purposes of the Rebalancing and is therefore more exposed to the internet and to counterparty risk). 
In addition, where the Issuer is permitted to engage with proof-of-stake activity (a type of consensus 
mechanism used by some blockchain networks to achieve distributed consensus), the relevant Digital 
Currency will be exposed to the internet and exposed to counterparty risk from the custodian (to the extent 
that such Digital Currency is held in an unsegregated hot wallet for the purposes of Staking Arrangements 
and is therefore more exposed to the internet and counterparty risk).. 
 
Cryptographic keys are generated in an offline environment and are encrypted. Coinbase Custody’s 
compliance officers and auditors witness and document all cryptographic key generation ceremonies. 
Coinbase Custody stores sharded private keys in vaults in secure locations with around the clock security. 
Multi-factor authentication is required to access private keys and back-up key materials are secured in vault 
facilities globally. For decryption, withdrawals follow stringent cold storage restore protocols to sign any 
transaction and bring funds back online, including: multiple independent actors, hardware security tokens, 
software based security enforcement and operational checks and balances. 
 
Blockchain Risks 
 
The factors below explain some of the key risks originating from the blockchain infrastructure.  
 
• 
Private Key Risks 
 
The private key used to prove ownership of digital assets and required to sign valid transactions may be stored 
in electronic form on general computers, hardware security modules (HSMs), or mobile USB devices. 
Alternatively, private keys can also be stored on printed paper form as Quick Response Codes (“QR codes”), 
list of words, or text form of the actual random number that is the private key.  Whichever form the private key 
takes it can be damaged, lost or stolen while in storage or when in use to sign transactions. When used to 
sign transactions, the risk of private key theft is heightened as security measures like encryption need to be 
reversed in order to access and use the private key. If private keys are compromised investors risk a partial 
or total loss of digital assets. 
 
• 
Consensus Attacks Risks  
 
A consensus attack is a fundamental threat to the blockchain network. A blockchain network can be 
susceptible to a consensus attack when a malicious actor or actors controls a significant portion of the 
participants ((sometimes called a “51% attack”). With the majority control of the creation of blocks the actor 
can initiate forks (which are changes to the digital protocol) in the blockchain and double spend (as described 
further below under the heading “Double Spending Risk") native coins to the blockchain or prevent the 
successful settlement of specific transactions or transactions associated with particular addresses. The 51% 
threshold of control is the level which would almost certainly allow a malicious actor’s success. However, such 
attacks could in theory occur at thresholds lower than 51%..  
 
For further information on forms please refer to the section titled Product Governance and Forking.  
 
If such an attack occurred, investor sentiment in the infrastructure around Digital Currencies could be

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
adversely affected, effecting demand and therefore ultimately the price of a Digital Currency, thus adversely 
impacting the value of the relevant Digital Securities. 
 
• 
Double-Spending Risks 
 
Double spend is where the same unit of the Digital Currency is used twice or more for different transactions.  
In particular, double spend may involve the cancellation of one or more of the transactions involved as follows: 
If a single user attempts to spend a unit of the Digital Currency twice in two separate transactions, they could 
undertake this by sending the same unit to two separate wallet addresses. The transaction with the highest 
number of confirmations will be included in the blockchain and the other one will be discarded. The intended 
recipient of the failed transaction would not have any involvement in the transaction itself failing, and yet that 
person would not receive the Digital Currency units they had anticipated. A failed transaction could affect the 
transfer or exchange of assets which may not be recoverable and may cause a partial or total loss to the 
investors.  
 
Cases of double spending may adversely affect confidence in the affected Digital Currency as well as in digital 
assets more generally, causing the use and acceptance of digital assets to be reduced.  This could adversely 
affect the price of Digital Currencies and consequently the value of an investment in Digital Securities. 
 
 
Product Governance & Forking  
 
• 
Protocol changes 
 
Changes to the consensus rules a blockchain uses to validate transactions or blocks can result in either a 
hard or soft fork of the blockchain. In a hard fork, one set of actors in the system agree to adopt new consensus 
rules which are not forward compatible. This means that nodes (network of computers that run the blockchain’s 
software) which do not upgrade to the new rules will not be able to validate blocks and transactions based on 
the new consensus rules. Users who do not upgrade to the new rules will still be able to operate their version 
of the software, which means that version of the software continues to function. The hard fork occurs once 
the blockchain splits in two with a set of nodes running under the new rules and the remaining nodes operating 
under the old rules. This could result in two divergent chains containing different sets of transactions and 
blocks – though they are mutually exclusive (i.e. one does not stop the other from functioning). The creation 
of a competing blockchain and the incompatibility of the opposing consensus rules means that hard forks are 
often contentious events.  
 
Soft forks are changes to consensus rules that are forward compatible. Nodes on the blockchain that decide 
not to support the new rules can still validate transaction and blocks proposed by nodes running under new 
consensus rules. This is because soft forks constrain the consensus rules as opposed to hard forks which 
expand the rules.  
 
Forks are inherent to the cryptocurrency ecosystem and help to facilitate security and efficiency developments. 
For investors, hard forks potentially come with risks to their underlying crypto investments as competing 
blockchains are vying for acceptance. If a hard fork occurs in respect of a particular Digital Currency, a new 
type of digital asset will be created and the newly created forked assets may not be that particular Digital 
Currency; the forked assets will be a brand new type of digital assets. There is a risk that as a result of a hard 
fork, there are multiple versions of the forked digital assets (including Digital Currencies). Each version of the 
forked digital assets may have a very different price or value. The WT Securityholders may not receive all 
versions of the digital assets that are created as a result of the fork.  The versions of the forked digital assets 
which the WT Securityholders may receive depends on the policy of the Custodians, whether the Issuer can 
accept the forked assets. The permissibility of the forked digital assets is also dependent on the Relevant 
Stock Exchange acceptance of the forked digital assets. There is no obligation for the Custodians or the Issuer 
to support the inclusion of any forked assets. 
 
The benefit of other versions of the forked assets, if supported by both the Custodian and Issuer and approved 
by the Relevant Stock Exchange, could be passed on to holders of Digital Securities at the Issuer’s discretion 
via, (i) an adjustment in the Capital Adjustment Factor, adjusting the Coin Entitlement of each Digital Currency 
(ii) the issuance of an additional Digital Security to the holders of the Digital Security affected by the fork event 
(noting that the tradability of such new Digital Security cannot be guaranteed by the Issuer) (iii) a cash 
distribution from the proceeds of the realisation of the sale of the forked digital assets, or (iv) any other manner 
the Issuer believes suitable. Alternatively, the Issuer could decide to not accept the forked digital assets and 
therefore the holders of Digital Securities would not obtain any benefit of the forked digital assets or realise 
any value from them.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
The forked assets may not be supported by the Custodians and/or the Issuer. If the Custodian and/or the 
Issuer cannot support the forked assets, WT Securityholders may not be able to gain any value from forked 
assets.  
 
The Issuer is not obliged to accept forked assets. The Issuer would only accept forked assets if the forked 
assets comply with the Relevant Stock Exchange requirements. The Issuer will only issue new securities or 
accept forked assets if the relevant checks are successfully completed. If the forked assets are prohibited, the 
Issuer may not be able to claim ownership of the forked assets and hence any potential value in the forked 
assets may not be realisable for the WT Securityholders. 
 
The Issuer may seek not to obtain any forked assets even in the case where they are supported by a Custodian 
and/or may compulsorily redeem any Digital Securities whose underlying digital assets are subject to a Fork 
Event. As a result, holders of Digital Securities may lose value or not be able to participate in any upside of 
forked assets.  
 
• 
Impact on trading  
 
Changes to the protocol, whether hard forks, soft forks or other changes may result in disruptions to the trading 
environment including increases in price volatility, decreases in liquidity and suspension or delisting from 
trading on a given venue. This is more likely to occur when a contentious change is implemented that affects 
the adoption of protocol or results in a Hard Fork. Any changes that affect the proper functioning of a digital 
asset including the Digital Currencies may also increase price volatility, reduce liquidity and may cause venues 
to suspend or delist the asset. This could adversely affect the price of the Digital Currency and consequently 
the value of an investment in Digital Securities, which could result in a WT Securityholder suffering a partial 
or total loss.. 
 
• 
Code changes that damage reputation of digital assets 
 
Code changes affecting blockchain protocols, consensus rules or mining procedures can be highly 
contentious and complex due to the distributed nature of blockchains. There is potential of far reaching 
negative repercussions for the reputation of affected digital assets if security vulnerabilities are introduced and 
the security of the blockchain is placed in doubt. At a result, the responsibility for agreeing and implementing 
such changes is shared throughout the blockchain ecosystem with miners, core blockchain developers, wallet 
providers and users of the blockchain. Code changes accepted by the community which go on to undermine 
the blockchain could force migration of participants onto alternative blockchains, risking the valuation of native 
blockchain currencies for investors. 
 
 
Staking arrangement in respect of certain Underlying Assets 
 
Where Staking Arrangements are permitted in the Final Terms for that Digital Security, the Issuer may enter 
into staking arrangements where it uses a proportion of the Underlying Assets to engage with proof-of-stake 
activities. Underlying Assets which are used to engage with proof-of-stake activities may be required to be held 
in a smart contract that may be more exposed to the internet and to counterparty risk than when not engaged 
in proof-of-stake activities. As a result, WT Securityholders may suffer either total or partial loss of the 
Underlying Assets. 
 
Certain proof-of-stake blockchains have reward and penalty mechanisms. Proof-of-stake is a type of consensus 
mechanism used by some blockchain networks to achieve distributed consensus. Consensus mechanism in the 
blockchain is a system that validates a transaction and marks it as authentic. It requires users to stake their 
Digital Currency to become a validator in the network. Good validator behaviour receives rewards for proposing 
and attesting blocks to the blockchain. Bad validator behaviour such as dishonest validations, double signing 
and inactivity (e.g., going offline, failing to validate and so on) may be subject to a penalty, (severe penalties for 
extreme behaviour are often described as “slashing penalties”) Reward and penalty mechanisms are designed 
to incentivise validator responsibility and network collaboration. Penalties may vary depending on the protocol 
but can cause the reduction of the validator’s stake or in some instances the validator may be removed from the 
network. Where penalties are applied, this would cause a reduction in the Coin Entitlement. 
 
In addition, staking features such as lock-up periods, staking reward payout periods, reward amounts and so on 
are not necessarily fixed over the time and can cause some liquidity risk or delay the standard settlement period.  
This may cause Redemptions to be delayed. This may result in a WT Securityholder being unable to redeem 
some or all of the Digital Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could result in a WT 
Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
Risks relating to the Digital Securities which aim to track an Index (“Index Digital Securities”) 
 
The returns on the Index Digital Securities are not a direct investment in the Digital Currency 
comprised in the applicable Index. 
 
The Index which is referenced by Index Digital Security will comprise of one or more Digital Currenc(ies). 
However, prospective investors should be aware that an investment in an Index Digital Security is not the same 
as a direct investment in the Digital Currency comprised in the applicable Index or a direct investment in the 
Index itself. As a result, changes in the level of the Index will not necessarily result in correlated changes in the 
value of the Index Digital Securities. In addition, the rules for calculation of the Index may include deductions for 
fees, a currency hedging component and/or other factors that affect how closely the Index tracks the price of the 
asset(s) referenced by the Index and may also permit the Index Sponsor to make certain adjustments to the 
level of the Index. Any such deductions and adjustments may cause the level of the Index to diverge from the 
value of the Index Digital Securities.  
 
Prospective investors should also be aware that each Index Digital Security will not precisely replicate the 
composition (and therefore the performance of) the relevant Index. When investing the assets, the Issuer may 
invest in Digital Currency that does not fully correlate to the weighting of each Digital Currency in the Index. This 
is because the ability of the Issuer to effect a Rebalancing is dependent on (i) the price at which it is able to 
purchase and sell the relevant Digital Currenc(ies) affected by the Rebalancing; and (ii) the ability of the 
Custodian(s) to support the relevant Digital Currenc(ies). Therefore, the Digital Currenc(ies) held in respect of 
an Index Digital Security may differ from the components of the relevant Index and may be afforded different 
weightings to those specified in the relevant Index. Any such divergence to the weightings and components of 
the Digital Currency held in respect of the Index Digital Securities will cause the level of the Index to diverge 
from the value of the Index Digital Securities.  In certain circumstances, if the Issuer determines that the tracking 
error is too great, the Issuer may effect a Voluntary Rebalancing in order to minimize the tracking error, but there 
can be no guarantee that such Voluntary Rebalancing will result in the weighting and composition of the Digital 
Currenc(ies) held in respect of such Index Digital Securities exactly reflecting the weighting of each constituent 
of the Index.  
 
Index Performance  
 
Prospective investors should note that the value of the Index Digital Securities will be linked to the performance 
of the relevant Index (before fees and expenses) and the Index Digital Securities will as far as possible and 
practicable consist of the Digital Currency that comprise that Index. Accordingly, prospective investors should 
be aware that the Index Digital Securities may be adversely affected by risks applicable to indices generally, as 
well as to market fluctuations in the price of the relevant Digital Currenc(ies) comprised in that Index.  
 
In particular, the level of an Index can go down as well as up and that the past performance of an Index will not 
be indicative of its future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future performance of any Index. 
 
The Index Digital Securities may trade differently from the performance of the Index and changes in the level of 
the Index may not result in a comparable change in the value of the Index Digital Securities.  
 
Accordingly, before investing in any Index Digital Security, prospective investors are advised to carefully consider 
whether an investment which seeks to replicate the performance of the applicable Index is suitable for them and 
in all cases an investor in Index Digital Securities are advised to carry out its own detailed review of the applicable 
Index and the rules relating thereto.  
 
Change in composition or discontinuance of the Index  
 
The Index Sponsor may add, delete or substitute the Digital Currency that forms part of the Index or make other 
changes to the methodology for determining the asset(s) to be included in the Index or for valuing the Index.  
 
The composition of the Index may therefore change over time to satisfy the eligibility criteria applicable to the 
Index or where asset(s) currently included in the Index fail to satisfy such criteria. Such changes to the 
composition of the Index by the Index Sponsor may affect the level of the Index as a newly added asset may 
perform significantly worse or better than the asset it replaces. As the value of the Index Digital Securities is 
influenced by the composition of the Index, changes in the composition of the Index may therefore have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Index Digital Securities and changes in the methodology of the Index may 
constitute an Adjustment Event and/or result in a Disruption Event and/or cause the early redemption of the 
Index Digital Securities.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
The rules of the Index may confer on the Index Sponsor in certain circumstances the right to make 
determinations, calculations, modifications and/or adjustments to the Index and the eligible components of the 
Index and related matters, which involve, in certain circumstances, a degree of discretion. The Index Sponsor 
will generally, as far as reasonably practicable, exercise any such discretion with the aim of preserving the overall 
methodology of the relevant Index. The exercise of such discretion may result in the level of the Index on any 
day being different to that which it may have been had the Index Sponsor not determined to exercise such 
discretion. Whilst the Index Sponsor is typically required to act reasonably and in good faith in exercising its 
discretion, there can be no assurance that the exercise of any such discretion by the Index Sponsor will not 
affect the level of the Index and/or alter the volatility of the Index and have an adverse effect on the value of the 
relevant Index Digital Securities.  
 
If the Index Sponsor discontinues or suspends calculation or publication of the Index or fails to calculate or 
publish the level of an Index, the Index Digital Securities will continue with no further amendments until the Index 
Sponsor continues or resumes calculation of the Index or an early redemption is carried out in respect of the 
Index Digital Securities. 
 
Rebalancing and Associated Counterparty Risk 
 
When the Weights of each Digital Currency comprised in an Index are adjusted in accordance with the relevant 
index methodology, the Issuer will instruct the Determination Agent to sell Digital Currency which forms part of 
the Secured Property for that Digital Security in order to purchase different Digital Currency in order to match, 
as far as reasonably practicable the new Weights of each Digital Currency comprised in the Index. 
 
It may not always be reasonably practicable to match the new Weights of each of the Digital Currencies 
comprised in the Index, including (without limitation), in circumstances where the relevant Digital Currency is not 
supported by the Custodian(s) or there is a market disruption affecting the relevant Digital Currency during the 
Rebalancing Period.  
 
There is no requirement under the Programme to require the counterparty to any such sale to grant any security 
or provide any collateral in respect of the obligations it owes to the Issuer in respect of the sale. There may be 
circumstances in which such counterparty fails to perform its obligations under such sale and fails to pay the 
consideration for the purchase of the relevant Digital Currencies to the Issuer. There is a chance that the Issuer 
is unable to recover all of the relevant Digital Currency which would have an adverse effect on the value of the 
relevant Index Digital Securities.  
 
Where the Coin Entitlement differs from the composition of the Index, changes in the level of the Index will not 
necessarily result in correlated changes to the value of the Index Digital Securities. Therefore the value of the 
Digital Securities may be less than a WT Securityholder may have expected if the value of the Index Digital 
Securities was directly correlated to the level of the Index. 
 
Conflict of Interest of the Index Sponsor 
 
Investors should be aware that the Index Sponsor has had no regard to the interests of the WT Securityholders 
when creating any Index, and no Index Sponsor will be required to have a regard to the interests of the WT 
Securityholders when maintaining, modifying, rebalancing, reconstituting or discontinuing any Index. Actions 
taken by an Index Sponsor in respect of an Index may have an adverse impact on the value or liquidity of the 
Index Digital Securities. The interests of an Index Sponsor and the WT Securityholders of the relevant Index 
Digital Security may not be aligned. No Index Sponsor will have any responsibility or liability to WT 
Securityholders. 
 
 
2. Cyber Security 
 
Hacking  
 
The blockchains in existence today use public key cryptography to sign transactions and prove ownership of 
funds, implement consensus rules to approve valid blocks of transactions and an immutable distributed ledger 
for recording transactions to provide a tamper proof history of transactions and proof of funds. Publicly known 
instances of hacking have tended to be against crypto exchanges, wallets and computer systems interfacing 
with blockchains. 
 
Blockchains though are not immune to hacks. Implementations of technical updates are often open-source 
making vulnerabilities easier to identify and exploit. Transactions may be impossible to reverse, increasing 
the attraction for hackers and blockchain technology is relatively new with security improvements and controls

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
having to be developed and deployed in the public glare of a live system. Security vulnerabilities continue to 
be exploited in the transferring of assets and systems interfacing with the blockchain such as exchanges, 
wallet and custodian providers. 
 
Instances of hacking affecting systems interfacing with blockchain or affecting blockchains themselves may 
adversely affect the levels of adoption and use of digital assets (including Digital Currencies), as well as 
investor sentiment towards them.  This could adversely affect the price of Digital Currencies and consequently 
the value of an investment in Digital Securities. While the Custodians maintain private keys in cold storage 
and implement a range of security messages to prevent successful hacking, it is possible that a Custodian or 
a system interfacing with a Custodian (such as a WT Securityholder’s wallet) could be subject to hacking. In 
addition, in the case of Index Digital Securities only, if Digital Currency is being traded during a Rebalancing 
Period in respect of such Index Digital Securities or (in the case of all Digital Securities) if the Digital Currency 
is in transit from Authorised Participants to the vault or from the vault to Authorised Participants, such Digital 
Currency will be exposed to the internet and thus to additional risk of hacking.  Any such hacking could result 
in the theft of Digital Currency, and transactions in Digital Securities being ineffective creations and 
redemptions of the Issuer. This may result in a WT Securityholder being unable to create or redeem some or 
all of the Digital Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could result in a WT 
Securityholder suffering a partial or total loss of their investment or being unable to gain exposure to the 
relevant Digital Currency at the time of their choosing. 
 
• 
Smart Contracts 
 
Smart contracts are pieces of software programs which can be written and deployed onto blockchains that 
support this feature such as the Ethereum network. Smart contracts are a powerful mechanism for extending 
the functionality of a blockchain and enabling distributed applications to extend the capabilities of a blockchain. 
These programs can introduce a security weakness if they are not implemented with adherence to contract 
coding best practices. The infamous Decentralised Autonomous Organisation (“DAO”) hack highlights the 
vulnerability in smart contracts. The DAO, a form of crowdfunded investor-directed venture capital fund, had 
3.6 million ETH stolen, equivalent to over $60 million at the time of the hack. The hack also contributed to 
over a 30% fall in the price of Ether, the native currency of the Ethereum blockchain.  A security breach around 
the programming of the Smart Contracts may affect the value of the Digital Currencies and may cause 
investors to lose some or all of their investment. 
 
Risks whilst in transit 
 
• 
Private Key Risk  
 
While transferring digital assets specific risks should be noted. To initiate a transfer of assets a transaction 
must be signed using the private key of the asset holder. The private key should remain secret at all times. If 
the private key is not secured when in use an asset holder risks their private key being obtained by third 
parties, including criminals, and risk losing all or some of their investments. 
 
• 
Trading Account Authentication 
 
Exchanges are a popular venue for crypto asset investors to store assets and facilitate transactions with other 
participants. As with any financial transaction crypto asset holders need to ensure adequate controls are in 
place to authenticate themselves on these platforms. Failure to follow security best practices, including 
multifactor authentication (MFA), well-formed strong passwords and checks on the validity of exchange URLs 
may risk unauthorised transfer and loss of assets. Such unauthorised transfer and loss of assets may cause 
investors to lose some or all of their investment. 
 
Technology/Software 
 
• 
Endpoints 
 
Endpoints are the physical devices like computers or smart phones used to connect and access a blockchain 
system. When accessing a blockchain from an endpoint, security is potentially at its most compromised. At 
this time, the private key credentials used to sign transactions on the blockchain can be both at their least 
secure and at their most accessible to theft. The level of vulnerability depends on how the private keys are 
stored and the overall security applied to the endpoint. Security best practice includes, but is not limited to, 
encrypting private keys and storing them on devices not permanently connected to the Internet, signing 
transactions on offline devices, then transmitting only signed transactions and ensuring endpoint devices are 
routinely checked for malware and viruses. The Custodians implement such measures but there is no 
guarantee Endpoints security could not be breached, which may result in WT Securityholders losing all or a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
proportion of their investments. 
 
• 
Proprietary Issuer and Custodian Technology  
 
Institutional management of digital assets generally employs further layers of technology and systems 
responsible for the safekeeping of assets. These technologies are additional to the native built-in security 
measures of any single blockchain and, therefore, include potential vulnerabilities for exploitation by bad 
actors. Custodians will utilise a range of encryption measures to secure blockchain private keys used to prove 
ownership of funds, typically storing encrypted keys in bank grade hardware security modules or HSMS. Other 
proprietary and confidential technologies and systems provide additional layers of security.  
 
The Administrator and the Issuer use proprietary technology provided by the Custodians and the Issuer to 
manage the transfer of Digital Currencies in and out of issuers blockchain addresses. Security controls ensure 
system access is split across internal roles within the Custodians, Administrator and Issuer, with role 
redundancy built in.  
 
Major security compromises in these proprietary systems, or unavailability of a large proportion of operational 
staff beyond the agreed security protocols and procedures, may result in security holders losing all or a 
proportion of their investments. 
 
3. Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Digital Securities 
 
Forking  
 
A fork is a change of the blockchain protocol version which is distinct from the main one. It can cause several 
risks such as the trading may be temporarily or indefinitely suspended and the prices can be negatively 
impacted. A hard fork may result in Digital Currency held as collateral with respect to Digital Securities 
becoming a new forked digital asset. If this were to happen then it could reduce the amount of Digital Currency 
held as collateral with the relevant Custodian, the coin entitlement of a WT Securityholder, and the value of 
the WT Securityholder’s holding of Digital Securities.  
 
Securityholders may not receive the forked currency depending on the custodian and Issuer policy. There is 
no obligation for the Custodians or the Issuer to support the inclusion of any forked assets. The reasons of 
the fork and the occurrence of this one for a specific Digital Currency can be different and unique so it can 
cause several risks in term of trading, operation, settlement, security, pricing and so on. A hard fork event 
may result in the WT Securities being backed by forked assets which are not approved by the Relevant Stock 
Exchange.  In this situation, the Relevant Stock Exchange may require that the affected WT Securities are 
delisted as described above in the risk factor titled ‘Suspension of Trading and Termination of Listing’. 
 
The Issuer may seek not to obtain any forked assets even in the case where they are supported by a Custodian 
and/or may compulsorily redeem any Digital Securities whose underlying digital assets are subject to a Fork 
Event. As a result, holders of Digital Securities may lose value or not be able to participate in any upside of 
forked assets. 
 
AirDrops 
 
An airdrop occurs when the issuer of a new crypto asset declares to the holder of another specific crypto asset 
that they will be entitled to claim, for free, a quantity of the new crypto asset because they are holding this 
specific other crypto asset. If an airdrop occurs, the airdropped asset may be a new type of digital asset.  If 
an airdrop occurs intended to benefit holders of a Digital Currency, then the ability of a holder of Digital 
Securities relating to such Digital Currency to participate in the airdrop will depend on the support of the 
relevant Custodian and the Issuer. The permissibility of the airdropped digital assets is also dependent on the 
Relevant Stock Exchange acceptance of the airdropped digital assets. If the airdropped digital assets are 
prohibited, the Issuer may not be able to claim ownership and hence any potential value in the airdropped 
digital assets may not be realisable for the WT Securityholders. 
 
The acceptance of the airdropped digital assets may also depend on conditions (such as depositing crypto 
assets with a specific platform or joining specific social media groups associated with the airdrop) which may 
not be supported by the Custodians and/or the Issuer. If these conditions cannot be met, WT Securityholders 
may not be able to gain any value from such airdrops.  
 
The Issuer is not obliged to accept airdropped assets.  The Issuer would only accept airdropped assets if the 
airdropped digital assets comply with the Relevant Stock Exchange requirements. The Issuer will only issue 
new securities or accept airdropped digital assets if the relevant checks are successfully completed.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
The benefit of an Airdrop, if supported by both the Custodian and Issuer and approved by the Relevant Stock 
Exchange, could be passed on to holders of Digital Securities at the Issuer’s discretion via, (i) an adjustment 
in the Capital Adjustment Factor, adjusting the Coin Entitlement of each Digital Currency (ii) the issuance of 
an additional Digital Security to the holders of the Digital Security affected by the Airdrop event (noting that 
the tradability of such new Digital Security cannot be guaranteed by the Issuer) (iii) a cash distribution from 
the proceeds of the realisation of the sale of the airdropped digital assets, or (iv) any other manner the Issuer 
believes suitable. Alternatively, the Issuer could decide to not accept the airdropped digital assets and 
therefore the holders of Digital Securities would not obtain any benefit of the airdropped digital assets or 
realise any value from them. 
 
There is no obligation on a Custodian or Issuer to support any airdrop or hold the airdropped digital asset and 
so there is no certainty that holders of Digital Securities will be able to obtain any airdropped digital assets or 
realise any value from them.  
 
Failure of a Custodian 
 
If a Custodian were to enter into an insolvency procedure then that may prevent or delay access to some or 
all Digital Currency held as collateral with respect to the Digital Securities thereby causing a total or partial 
loss to investors. Redemptions could be delayed and the situation may also result in a compulsory redemption 
at a time disadvantageous to an investor.  
 
Operational risks 
 
• 
Software failure 
 
The Issuer has developed and maintains the System which is a web portal where Authorised Participants can 
place creation and redemption requests for Digital Securities with the Issuer. The Administrator, the Issuer 
and other related entities utilise the System to enable primary orders, track order settlement status and report 
order activity to interested parties. Operationally the System forms a critical piece in the operation and 
administration Digital Securities. Prolonged downtime of the System for any material length of time would 
impact the Issuer and Administrator’s ability to service automated primary market order activities. The risk of 
delayed confirmation of primary orders would potentially occur in the event of a significant inability to operate 
the System in normal conditions. This could potentially impact the provision of market maker liquidity on the 
secondary market. This may result in a WT Securityholder being unable to redeem some or all of the Digital 
Securities at the time they wish to do so. This potential delay could result in a WT Securityholder suffering a 
partial or total loss. 
 
• 
Risk of Late Settlement 
 
Owing to the security measures associated with storing digital assets including Digital Currencies, large 
redemptions can result in longer than standard settlement periods as Digital Currencies are moved out of cold 
storage or between Custodians as required. This delay in the redemption process can lead to settlement 
delays in the secondary market. This increases the risk that the price of Digital Securities at the time the 
decision is taken to redeem them differs from the price at the time the related Digital Currency is delivered to 
the redeeming security holder or the proceeds from its sale transferred to him. Consequently, a WT 
Securityholder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the WT Securities is lower than it would otherwise have 
been if the redemption had not been delayed. 
 
• 
Irreversible Transactions 
 
Transactions within the blockchain are irreversible as it is not possible to amend or cancel a transaction that 
has already been confirmed and added to a blockchain (unless a party has sufficient control over the 
blockchain to carry out a “Consensus Attack”, as described above). This irreversibility is a fundamental feature 
of blockchain technology and is one of the reasons why it's considered secure and trustworthy for financial 
transactions and other uses. Once a transaction is recorded on the blockchain and confirmed by the network, 
it becomes part of the immutable history of that blockchain, making impossible to alter or reverse without 
consensus from the network participants. Any errors in the transfer of assets may not be recoverable and may 
cause a partial or total loss to the investors. This is a consequence of the distributed nature of blockchains 
and the lack of a central authority in many blockchains where investors do not have recourse to raise and 
resolve transaction disputes. 
 
• 
Rebalancing risk between Custodians

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
At launch, Digital Currencies collateralising Digital Securities will be held with the initial Custodians. However, 
the Issuer may subsequently appoint additional Custodian(s) so that a Digital Currency supporting a class of 
Digital Security may be held with additional Custodians. Utilising several Custodians may trigger different 
transfers between them and may cause additional transfer cost but also security risk. Such transfer between 
the Custodians may result in a loss of assets and cause a total or partial loss of the WT Securityholder 
investment. 
 
4. Legal & Regulatory Risks Applicable to Digital Securities  
  
Illegality 
 
Although currently Digital Currencies are not regulated or are lightly regulated in most countries, one or more 
countries may take regulatory actions in the future that severely restricts the right to acquire, own, hold, sell 
or use or exchange a particular Digital Currency. Such an action may also result in the restriction of ownership, 
holding or trading in the relevant Digital Security. Such a restriction could result in the compulsory redemption 
of Digital Securities at a time that is disadvantageous to WT Securityholders. Consequently, an investment in 
WT Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a WT Securityholder and at short notice. In these 
circumstances, the WT Securityholder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the WT Securities is lower than it 
would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the WT Securityholder.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for all information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information.  
 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult his 
or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with 
making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise 
from it. 
 
A. 
APPROVALS 
 
United States 
 
WT Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any states of the United States. WT Securities 
may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, taken up, delivered or transferred in or into the United States or 
to any US person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (a “US Person”) unless the WT 
Securities are registered or offered, sold or transferred pursuant to a valid exemption under the Securities Act. 
The Issuer has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment company under the United 
States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Accordingly, WT 
Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit, of any US Person unless done so in a manner such that the Issuer would not 
be subject to registration under the Investment Company Act. WT Securities may be offered and sold outside 
of the United States in offshore transactions (as such term is defined in Regulation S) to persons who are not 
US Persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each of the Authorised Participants has, 
pursuant to its Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer, undertaken not to offer or sell the WT 
Securities within the United States or to any US Person, nor will it engage in any “directed selling efforts” (as 
such term is defined by Regulation S under the Securities Act) with respect to the WT Securities.  
 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors who notwithstanding the foregoing acquire WT Securities should note the 
provisions in the Conditions under the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee” (Condition 
9) 
 
Jersey 
 
A copy of this Prospectus has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey in accordance with 
Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and he has given, and has not 
withdrawn, his consent to its circulation. The Jersey Financial Services Commission has given, and has not 
withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, to the 
issue of securities by the Issuer. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the Control of 
Borrowing (Jersey) Law, 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under 
that law. It must be distinctly understood that, in giving these consents, neither the Registrar of Companies 
nor the Jersey Financial Services Commission takes any responsibility for the financial soundness of the 
Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it.  
 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the 
purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they 
are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge 
of, and experience in investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks 
involved in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable 
them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such investments.  These 
investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial Services Commission as suitable investments 
for any other type of investor. 
 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult his 
or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with 
making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise 
from it. 
 
The Registrar is registered under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as amended, (the “Financial 
Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to WT Securities. The Jersey Financial

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Services Commission is protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of 
its functions thereunder. 
 
 
B. 
LISTING AND TRADING 
 
Application has been made for the WT Securities referred to in the Applicable Product Annex to be admitted 
for listing on the official list (where applicable) of a Relevant Stock Exchange, as specified in the Final Terms 
of such WT Securities, and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market thereof.   
 
The Issuer may make applications for certain of the WT Securities to be listed or traded on certain other 
regulated markets. 
 
C. 
RESPONSIBILITY AND NO INVESTMENT ADVICE 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge 
and belief of the Issuer, which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the WT 
Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should be construed as advice 
on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the WT Securities or the exercise of any rights 
attached thereto for the purposes of the Financial Services Law. 
 
None of the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Trustee or any Custodian makes any 
representations as to (i) the suitability of any WT Securities for any particular investor; (ii) the 
appropriate accounting treatment or possible tax consequences of an investment in any WT 
Securities; or (iii) the expected performance of any WT Securities, either in absolute terms or relative 
to competing investments. 
 
D. 
INVESTORS TO MAKE THEIR OWN ASSESSMENT 
 
Prospective WT Securityholders may wish to obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice 
and may wish to consult their own professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of WT Securities 
as an investment. Prospective WT Securityholders may wish to conduct such independent investigation and 
analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements, delivery processes and cash-flows associated with WT 
Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in WT 
Securities. 
 
E. 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus, the Issuer will prepare and 
make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this document. 
 
F. 
CONSENT TO USE THIS PROSPECTUS 
 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular series of WT Securities, the Issuer consents to 
the use of this Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer (i) by the financial intermediary/ies (each, 
an "Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) subject to the relevant conditions, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus no Authorised Offeror has been 
designated so by the Issuer. 
 
The consent shall be valid in relation to Sweden and, subject to completion of relevant notification measures, 
any other Member State within the EEA, provided that it shall be a condition of such consent that the 
Prospectus may only be used by the relevant Authorised Offeror(s) to make offerings of the relevant WT 
Securities in the jurisdiction(s) in which the Non-exempt Offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the relevant 
Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) remove or add conditions and, if it does so, 
such information in relation to the relevant WT Securities will be published by way of notice which will be 
available on the Issuer’s website (http://www.wisdomtree.eu). The consent relates only to offer periods occurring 
within 12 months from the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") 
purchasing WT Securities pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer where the offer to the Investor is made (i) by an 
Authorised Offeror (or the Issuer), (ii) in a jurisdiction for which the Issuer has given its consent, (iii) during the 
offer period for which the consent is given and (iv) in compliance with the other conditions attached to the 
giving of the consent, all as set forth in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Other than in accordance with the terms set forth in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not authorised the 
making of any Non-exempt Offers of the WT Securities or the use of this Prospectus by any person. No 
financial intermediary or any other person is permitted to use this Prospectus in connection with any offer of 
the WT Securities in any other circumstances. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer and the 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability to any Investor purchasing WT Securities pursuant to such offer or for 
the actions of any person making such offer. 
 
If an Investor intends to purchase WT Securities from an Authorised Offeror, it will do so, and such 
offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between 
such Authorised Offeror and the Investor, including as to price allocations and settlement 
arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements and, accordingly, this 
Prospectus does not contain such information. The terms and conditions of such offer should be 
provided to the Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time such offer is made. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WT SECURITIES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the Final Terms relating to 
a particular Class of WT Securities, will be applicable to the WT Securities of such Class and which will be 
attached to or endorsed on such Class of WT Securities in definitive form (or, in the case of Registered 
Securities, on the Individual Certificates relating to such Registered Securities).  
The WT Securities are issued under the WT Securities Programme of the Issuer (the "Programme"). In respect 
of a Class of WT Securities, the WT Securities of such Class will be constituted pursuant to  a master trust deed 
entered into on or about the Programme Effective Date and made between the Issuer, the Manager and The 
Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time 
being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined below)), as trustee for the holders of the WT 
Securities and the other persons specified therein (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from 
time to time, the "Master Trust Deed"). The Master Trust Deed and any supplemental trust deed in respect of 
each Class of WT Securities are referred to together as the "Trust Deed". These terms and conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the WT Securities of a particular Class are secured by the applicable Security 
Documents in respect of such Class.  
Copies of the Master Trust Deed, any supplemental trust deed, each Custody Agreement, each Security 
Document, the Authorised Participant Agreement (as defined below), the Determination Agency Agreement (as 
defined below), the Registrar Agreement (as defined below), and any Agency Agreement are available for 
inspection during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The WT Securityholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
each Security Document, the Custody Agreements and each of the other Programme Documents (as defined 
below) which are applicable to them and to have notice of each set of Final Terms (as defined below) issued in 
respect of a Class or Tranche of WT Securities held by such WT Securityholders. 
The terms and conditions of a Class of WT Securities will be the conditions contained in schedule 6 of the Master 
Trust Deed and the conditions contained in the Applicable Product Annex, as completed by the Final Terms 
applicable thereto (as defined below) (together, the “Conditions”).  
The Conditions applicable to a Class of WT Securities issued on or after 26 November 2019 are set out below 
and in the Applicable Product Annex and/or in the Final Terms applicable thereto (as the case may be). 
1 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities” means, in respect of WT Securities subject to a 
Redemption, the WT Securityholder having delivered the WT Securities to the Issuer either: 
(a) 
if such WT Securities are in Uncertificated Form, by depositing such WT Securities into an 
appropriate Relevant Clearing System account (as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct 
delivery free of payment instructions in the Relevant Clearing System; or  
(b) 
if such WT Securities are in Certificated Form, by delivering the certificates in respect of such 
WT Securities to the Issuer; or  
(c) 
if such WT Securities are in Certificated Form, by having delivered such WT Securities to the 
Issuer by agreement with the Issuer. 
"Additional Trading Line” means subsequent trading denominated in a currency other than the base 
currency of the WT Security; 
“Adjustment Event” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Product Annex. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person 
or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person or 
entity. For these purposes, "control" of any entity or person means the power, directly or indirectly, 
either to (a) vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of 
directors of the relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and 
policies of such person or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
"Agents" means the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent (if applicable), the Paying 
Agent(s) (if applicable), and the Registrar or any of them and such other agent(s) as may be appointed 
from time to time in relation to the WT Securities under any Agency Agreement, the Determination 
Agency Agreement, the Registrar Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer under which such 
agent  is appointed from time to time in relation to the WT Securities, as applicable, and any successor 
or replacement and "Agent" means any of them. 
"Applicable Product Annex" means with respect to any Class of WT Securities, the annex specified 
in the Final Terms.  
"Asset Entitlement" means as at any date and in relation to any WT Security the amount(s) of 
Underlying Asset(s) to which the WT Securityholder is entitled on Redemption of that WT Security 
on that date in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
“Asset Entitlement Precision Level” has the meaning given to such term in the Applicable Product 
Annex. 
"Authorised Participant" means any Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer and as listed on the Issuer’s Website from time to time.  
"Authorised Participant Agreement" means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised 
participant agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) entered 
into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant. 
"Base Currency" means the currency of denomination of the WT Securities, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Bearer Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.  
“Business Day" means the relevant business day as defined in the Applicable Product Annex; 
"Business Rules" means the Business Rules of the Issuer (as amended, supplemented and/or 
replaced from time to time) as published on the Issuer’s Website http://www.wisdomtree.eu. 
“Cash Redemption” means in relation to the Redemption of any WT Securities, settlement of the 
Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by payment of the Redemption Amount in cash and in 
accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
“Certificated” or “Certificated Form” means not in Uncertificated Form. 
"CGN" means a Global Bearer Security in classic global note form. 
"Class" means all WT Securities having the same ISIN or other similar identifier, including the Initial 
Tranche and any Further Tranche. 
"Class Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the Initial Tranche of a Class of WT Securities, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Class Maximum Number of WT Securities” means, in respect of a Class of WT Securities, 
1,000,000,000. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for the 
purpose of effecting settlement of WT Securities of a relevant Class. 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream, Frankfurt and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
"Clearstream, Frankfurt" means Clearstream Banking AG, Eschborn and any successor thereto. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any 
successor thereto. 
"Common Safekeeper" means, in relation to a Class of WT Securities issued in NGN form, the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, appointed in respect of such Class. 
“Compulsory Cash Redemption” means in relation to Compulsory Redemption of any WT Securities, 
settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by payment of the Redemption Amount in 
cash and in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
“Compulsory Physical Redemption” means in relation to the Compulsory Redemption of any WT 
Securities, settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by delivery of the relevant 
Underlying Assets in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
"Compulsory Redemption" means a redemption of WT Securities in accordance with Condition 9 and 
the Applicable Product Annex and “Compulsorily Redeemed” shall be construed accordingly. 
"Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date" in the case of a Compulsory Redemption, has the 
meaning given to it in the Applicable Product Annex. 
"CREST" means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of uncertificated 
securities operated by EUI in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations, as amended from time to 
time. 
"Currency Business Day", in respect of a Class of WT Securities, has the meaning given to it in the 
Applicable Product Annex. 
"Custodian" means in respect of a Class of WT Securities and an Underlying Asset forming part of the 
Secured Property, such party(ies) appointed as custodian and any successor or replacement thereto in 
accordance with the terms of a Custody Agreement and as specified within the Applicable Product 
Annex or the Final Terms applicable thereto. 
"Custody Agreement" means any custody agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time) entered into by the Issuer and each Custodian and any other relevant party 
and as specified within the Applicable Product Annex or the Final Terms applicable thereto. 
"Definitive Securities" means Bearer Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement WT 
Security issued pursuant to these Conditions. 
“Delivery Precision Level” means, in relation to a WT Security of a Class, the level specified in the 
Final Terms of such Class. 
"Determination Agency Agreement" means the determination agency agreement (as amended, 
supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) dated on or about the Programme Effective 
Date entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Determination Agent and the Manager. 
"Determination Agent" means WisdomTree UK Ltd and any successor or replacement thereto or any 
other entity appointed as determination agent in accordance with the terms of the Determination Agency 
Agreement. 
"Determination Agent Breach" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.6(b). 
"Eligible Authorised Participant" means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes 
shall include any leading dealer or broker in the assets of the type referenced by the WT Securities) that 
meets the requirements of the Business Rules in respect of an Eligible Authorised Participant. 
“Eligible Cash Account Bank” means any bank or financial institution that meets the requirements of 
the Business Rules in respect of an Eligible Cash Account Bank. 
"EUI" means Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCO Limited) incorporated in 
England and Wales under number 2878738.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto.  
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1. 
"Event of Default Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1.  
"Exchange Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1. 
"Exchangeable Bearer Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.  
"Execution Fee" means a fee that may be charged by the Issuer upon a Redemption as may be 
specified in the Applicable Product Annex and/or Business Rules. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with schedule 7 of the Master Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast, provided that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the aggregate number of the WT Securities of the relevant Class who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in accordance with the Master Trust Deed shall, for all 
purposes, be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such WT 
Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Master Trust 
Deed. 
"Final Redemption Date" means the date as set out in the Applicable Product Annex. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms specifying the relevant issue details of the WT Securities of a 
particular Class or Tranche.  
“Final Trading Date” means the date specified by the Issuer in relation to any WT Securities pursuant 
to Condition 9.1.  
"Further Tranche" means any Tranche of a Class of WT Securities issued after the Class Issue Date 
in accordance with Condition 18. 
"Global Bearer Security" means the WT Securities in bearer form represented by a global security. 
"Global Registered Certificate" means a global certificate representing WT Securities in registered 
form. 
"Global Security" means a Global Bearer Security or a Global Registered Certificate. 
"Individual Certificate" means, in respect of Registered Securities, a definitive certificate in registered 
form representing such Registered Securities. 
“Initial Clearing System” means, in relation to a Class of WT Securities, the Relevant Clearing System 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Tranche" means the first Tranche of a Class of WT Securities issued. 
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
"Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the relevant Tranche as specified in the Final Terms relating 
to such Tranche. 
"Issuer" means WisdomTree Issuer X Limited, a public limited liability company incorporated under the 
laws of Jersey with registration number 129881. 
"Issuer Asset Account" means, in respect of a Custodian and a Class of WT Securities, and as further 
set out in the Applicable Product Annex, an account or accounts in the name of the Issuer held in 
custody by the relevant Custodian and operated as set out in the relevant Custody Agreement. 
"Issuer Cash Account" means each cash account established by the Issuer with an Eligible Cash 
Account Bank in order to receive and hold cash proceeds in respect of the relevant Underlying Asset(s).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails 
or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration 
made against it declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy 
(Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted against it any other 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party 
take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) (inclusive); or (10) takes any action in 
furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing 
acts, provided that no action taken by the Trustee in respect of the Issuer pursuant to the Trust 
Deed or a Security Document shall constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event 
“Issuer Technical Amendment” means a modification to the Conditions, any relevant Trust Deed 
and/or any other Programme Document which is made: 
(i) 
in connection with the accession of an Authorised Participant to the Programme; or 
(ii) 
to effect any adjustment to the Conditions of the WT Securities as a consequence of the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event, 
provided that: 
 
(A) 
the adjustments so agreed in (ii) have the consequence that at the time of the adjustments 
there is no negative change to the Price per WT Security or the Asset Entitlement in respect of 
the relevant WT Securities; and 
 
(B) 
the adjustments in (ii) do not take effect until at least three calendar days have elapsed after 
they have announced to the WT Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (the date on 
which such adjustments taking effect, being the "Adjustment Effective Date"). 
 
"Issuer’s Website" means the website having the following internet address: http://www.wisdomtree.eu 
or such other internet address as may be used by the Issuer and Notified to WT Securityholders and 
the Trustee. 
"Issuing and Paying Agent" means in respect of a Class of WT Securities, any entity appointed as 
issuing and paying agent pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement, or if no such entity is appointed 
at any time, the Registrar. 
"Loss" means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal costs 
and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, 
assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
"Manager" WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited, a private company with limited liability 
incorporated in Jersey with registered number 106921, or any successor thereto. 
"NGN" means a Global Bearer Security in new global note form. 
“Notice” means a notice given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20 (and “Notices” and 
“Notified” shall be construed accordingly).

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
“Obligor” means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property, as 
the context requires. 
"Optional Redemption" means the redemption of WT Securities at the option of one or more WT 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 8 and the Applicable Product Annex. 
“Optional Redemption Limit” means, in relation to a Class of WT Securities, the minimum and/or 
maximum Principal as set out in the Business Rules.  
"Optional Redemption Settlement Date" means the date as set out in the Applicable Product Annex 
and as specified as such in the relevant Redemption Form. 
"outstanding" means, for the purposes of the Conditions, Trust Deed and Security Document, in 
relation to the WT Securities and a Valuation Date, (i) on the Class Issue Date, the WT Securities issued 
on such date, and (ii) on any Valuation Date  thereafter, all the WT Securities issued on or prior to such 
Valuation Date except (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 8; (b) those 
that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Trustee, or to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, and which remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of WT Securities; 
(d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; (e) those which 
have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect of which 
the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not paid in full the relevant subscription amount under the 
Authorised Participant Agreement; (f) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as 
provided in Condition 8; (g) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (h) (for the purpose only of determining how many WT 
Securities are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer 
Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement WT 
Securities have been issued and (i) any Global Bearer Security to the extent that it shall have been  
exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions; provided that for the purposes 
of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the WT Securityholders, (2) the 
determination of how many WT Securities are outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, Trust 
Deed and Security Document and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee 
is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the WT 
Securityholders, those WT Securities that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not 
cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. For the avoidance of 
doubt, WT Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Date to issue 
but in respect of which payment of the relevant subscription amount has not been received in full from 
the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not 
yet occurred shall not be deemed to be "outstanding" on such Valuation Date. 
"Paying Agent" means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 12.7, and any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Payment Business Day" means, in respect of any WT Securities, any day which is a (i) Clearing 
System Business Day (ii) Currency Business Day, and (iii) Business Day. 
“Physical Redemption” means in relation to the Redemption of any WT Securities, settlement of the 
Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by delivery of the relevant Underlying Assets in accordance 
with the Applicable Product Annex. 
"Potential Event of Default" means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, lapse 
of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
"Price per WT Security" shall, if applicable to a WT Security, have the meaning given to it in the 
Applicable Product Annex. 
"Principal" means the relevant Redemption Amount. 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of any WT Security, the amount in the Base Currency specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to it in Condition 23.2. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issue of WT Securities by the Issuer.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
"Programme Document" means in respect of each Class of WT Securities, each of the Trust Deed, 
the Security Documents, each Custody Agreement, each Agency Agreement, if applicable, the 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, and each Authorised Participant 
Agreement and "Programme Documents" means all such documents. 
"Programme Effective Date" means 26 November 2019. 
"Programme Maximum Number of WT Securities" means, in respect of the Programme, 
1,000,000,000. 
"Programme Party" means a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and WT 
Securityholders). 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of 
section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any 
entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the 
meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by 
reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any 
U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds WT Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of 
or with any assets of any such Plan or entity 
“Prohibited Coin” means any crypto-asset(s) which, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, falls 
within any of the following categories, in each case as determined by the Issuer on the Issue Date 
of the relevant Class of WT Securities:  
(a) any stable coin (including asset-referenced tokens and electronic money tokens) where 
the relevant protocols and rules governing such stable coin do not provide for prudent 
collateralisation requirements;  
(b) any crypto-asset which rules and protocols hide or obscure transactions on its 
blockchain by way of anonymising the origin and destination of transacted coins or tokens, 
the amount transacted and/or balances of wallet addresses. 
“Prospectus” means the base prospectus of the Issuer in relation to a Class of WT Securities, as the 
same may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to time. 
"Record Date" means the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment. 
“Redemption” means the redemption of WT Securities by the Issuer in accordance with these 
Conditions and the Applicable Product Annex (and “Redeem” and “Redeemed” shall be construed 
accordingly). 
“Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Product Annex. 
“Redemption Deductions” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Product Annex. 
"Redemption Delivery Procedures" means the procedure for physical delivery of Underlying Asset(s) 
to which a WT Securityholder is entitled upon a Physical Redemption or Compulsory Physical 
Redemption of the WT Securities, in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
 “Redemption Form” means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in content depending 
on the method of Redemption required or elected for, for such WT Securities) prescribed from time 
to time by the Issuer for requesting Redemption of WT Securities and includes a Redemption Order 
and reference to a copy of a Redemption Form in the context of a Redemption Order includes a 
copy of a report generated through the System containing the details of such Redemption Order.  
“Redemption Notice Date” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Product Annex. 
“Redemption Obligations” means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a WT Security to 
deliver the relevant Underlying Asset(s) (and/or if applicable, make payment) to the relevant WT

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Securityholder in accordance with the Conditions and the Applicable Product Annex. 
"Redemption Order" means a notice in the form prescribed by from time to time by the Issuer for 
requesting redemption of WT Securities on the System, in the form attached to the Business Rules, or 
such other form as may be acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
“Redemption Payment Procedures” means the procedure for cash redemption of an Underlying 
Asset(s) to which a WT Securityholder is entitled upon a Cash Redemption or a Compulsory Cash 
Redemption of the WT Securities, in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
"Register" means the register maintained in Jersey by the Registrar of persons holding the WT 
Securities. 
"Registered Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 and “Registered Security” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Registrar" means such party as appointed as registrar or any successor or replacement thereto in 
accordance with the terms of the Registrar Agreement. 
“Registrar Agreement” means the registrar agreement entered into between the Registrar, the 
Issuer and the Trustee. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means (i) CREST, (ii) Euroclear, (iii) Clearstream, Frankfurt, (iv) 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (v) any other recognised clearing system in which WT Securities of a Class 
may be cleared. 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13. 
"Relevant Provisions" means, in respect of the Determination Agent, the provisions of the 
Determination Agency Agreement (including, without limitation, the duties and obligations of the 
Determination Agent under Clause 2 of the Determination Agency Agreement), the Trust Deed, the 
Authorised Participant Agreement and the Conditions. 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or 
any other stock exchange on which WT Securities of a Class may be listed. 
"RIS" means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the WT 
Securities and/or the rules of a Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time 
including a SIX Official Notice. 
"Secured Property" means the assets that are subject to the security created by the applicable Security 
Documents in relation to any Class of WT Securities. 
"Securities Act" means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any 
obligation of the Issuer or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Security Document" means, any security document relating to a Class of WT Securities pursuant to 
which Security over the Secured Property is created or perfected, and any other document designated 
as such by Issuer and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to 
time. 
“SIX Official Notice” means an official notice of the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd or its market for listed securities (or any such 
markets if the SIX Swiss Exchange has at any time more than one such market).  
“System” means the system enabling Authorised Participants to request the subscription and 
Redemption of WT Securities via a website operated by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
"Tax" means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, 
any tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or 
any other similar tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any 
government, applicable tax authority or jurisdiction. 
"Tranche" means, in relation to a Class of WT Securities issued on any date, the WT Securities that 
are issued on the same Issue Date with the same Principal Amount. 
“uncertificated”, “Uncertificated”, “uncertificated form” and “Uncertificated Form” means recorded 
on the Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to which is to be transferred by means of the 
Relevant Clearing System. 
"Uncertificated Registered Securities" means WT Securities issued in dematerialised uncertificated 
registered form and “Uncertificated Registered Security” shall be construed accordingly. 
"Uncertificated Regulations" means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999, 
as amended.  
"Underlying Asset" means an asset or asset(s) as specified in the Applicable Product Annex. 
“US Person” means a “US Person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933 of the 
United States of America. 
"Valuation Date", in respect of any Class, has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Product Annex. 
"WT Securities" means any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"WT Securityholder" and "holder" mean the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose 
name a Registered Security or an Uncertificated Registered Security is registered (as the case may be).  
"WT Securityholder Account" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Product Annex.  
1.2 
Interpretation 
To the extent of any inconsistency between the defined terms of the Master Trust Deed, this Conditions, 
the Applicable Product Annex and/or the Final Terms, (a) the defined terms in the Final Terms shall 
prevail over the defined terms the Applicable Product Annex, the Master Trust Deed and the Conditions; 
(b) the defined terms in the Applicable Product Annex shall prevail over the defined terms in the Master 
Trust Deed and the Conditions; and (c) the defined terms in the Master Trust Deed shall prevail over 
the defined terms in the Conditions, as the case may be. 
2 
FORM AND TITLE 
The WT Securities may be issued in bearer form (including in NGN or in CGN and serially numbered 
("Bearer Securities", which expression includes WT Securities which are specified to be Exchangeable 
Bearer Securities), in registered form ("Registered Securities"), in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Securities ("Exchangeable Bearer Securities") or in dematerialised uncertificated 
registered form which shall not be exchangeable for Bearer Securities ("Uncertificated Registered 
Securities"), in each case in the  Base Currency specified in the Final Terms. If it is stated in the Final 
Terms that the form of some or all of the WT Securities is "Bearer", such WT Securities are Bearer 
Securities. If it is so stated that the form of some or all of the WT Securities is "Exchangeable Bearer", 
such WT Securities are Exchangeable Bearer Securities. If it is so stated that the form of some or all of 
the WT Securities is "Registered", such WT Securities are Registered Securities. If it is so stated that 
the form of some or all of the WT Securities is "Uncertificated Registered", such WT Securities are 
Uncertificated Registered Securities. Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form of all of the 
WT Securities of a particular Class on issue will be the same. 
In respect of Bearer Securities relating to a Class to be issued in global form, such Bearer Securities, 
will (a) if the Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
relating to such Class, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream, Frankfurt; and (b) if the Bearer Securities are 
intended to be issued in CGN form, as stated in the Final Terms relating to such Class be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date to a common depositary for Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
In respect of Registered Securities relating to a Class to be issued in global form, the Global Registered 
Certificate in respect of such Registered Securities will be registered in the name of a nominee for, and 
shall be deposited on its issue date with a common depositary on behalf of, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Clearstream, Frankfurt.  
All WT Securities of the same Class shall have the same Base Currency. Where Exchangeable Bearer 
Securities are issued, the Registered Securities for which they are exchangeable shall have the same 
denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Securities. Bearer Securities shall 
not be exchangeable for Uncertificated Registered Securities. 
Title to the Bearer Securities shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Securities shall pass by 
registration in the Register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with 
the provisions of the Registrar Agreement. Uncertificated Registered Securities shall be held in 
uncertificated registered form in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and as such are 
dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of title. Uncertificated Registered 
Securities shall be cleared through a Relevant Clearing System and are participating securities for the 
purposes of the Uncertificated Regulations. Title to the Uncertificated Registered Securities is recorded 
on the Register and shall pass by registration in the Register.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions, for so long as the Uncertificated Registered Securities are participating securities: (i) 
the Register shall be maintained in Jersey and at all times outside of the United Kingdom, (ii) the 
Uncertificated Registered Securities may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject 
as provided in the Uncertificated Regulations and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions in 
respect of the Uncertificated Registered Securities shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they are 
not endorsed on any certificate or document of title. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
above) of any WT Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such 
WT Security for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such WT Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone and no person will be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
Subscription for any WT Securities must be made via the System by making an Application Order. For 
an Application Order to be valid, it must: 
a) specify the number and type of WT Securities to be issued; 
b) relate to the issue of only one type of Digital Security; 
c) be signed by a person nominated by the Authorised Participant and the Issuer to confirm an 
Application; 
d) be confirmed by the Issuer; and 
e)  be above the applicable minimum nominal value as set out in the Business Rules. 
3 
EXCHANGES OF EXCHANGEABLE BEARER SECURITIES AND TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED 
SECURITIES AND UNCERTIFICATED REGISTERED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Exchange of Bearer Securities and Exchangeable Bearer Securities 
The Global Bearer Security relating to Bearer Securities is exchangeable (free of charge to the 
holder) on or after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities if the 
Global Bearer Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and the Relevant 
Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than 
by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does, in fact, do so.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
"Exchange Date" means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in 
which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global 
Bearer Security surrendering the Global Bearer Security to or to the order of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent. In exchange for the Global Bearer Security, the Issuer shall deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, duly executed and authenticated Definitive Securities in an aggregate number 
equal to the number of WT Securities represented by the Global Bearer Security submitted for 
exchange, security printed in accordance substantially in the form required under the Trust 
Deed. 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.5, each Exchangeable Bearer Security may be exchanged 
in whole but not in part for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Securities 
represented by an Individual Certificate at the request in writing of the relevant WT 
Securityholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Security to be exchanged at 
the specified office of the Registrar. Registered Securities may not be exchanged for Bearer 
Securities and Bearer Securities of one Base Currency may not be exchanged for Bearer 
Securities of another Base Currency. Bearer Securities which are not Exchangeable Bearer 
Securities may not be exchanged for Registered Securities. 
3.2 
Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form 
One or more Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified 
office of the Registrar) of the Individual Certificate representing such Registered Securities to 
be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Individual Certificate, (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations 
and certifications  (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed 
and any other evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Securities represented by one Individual Certificate, a new 
Individual Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a 
further new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations concerning the transfer of Registered 
Securities will be made available by the Registrar to any holder upon request. 
3.3 
Exercise of options or partial redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or a WT Securityholder’s option in respect of, or a 
redemption of a part of, a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single Individual 
Certificate, a new Individual Certificate shall be issued to the holder in respect of the balance of 
the holding not subject to the exercise of such option or, as the case may be, redeemed.  New 
Individual Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Individual 
Certificates to the Registrar. 
3.4 
Delivery of new Individual Certificates 
Each new Individual Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3.1 to 3.3 will be available 
for delivery within five business days of surrender of the relevant Exchangeable Bearer Security 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Individual Certificate and, if applicable, receipt of the 
relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or notice of exercise together with such other 
evidence (if any) as may be required pursuant to the relevant Condition. Delivery of new 
Individual Certificate(s) shall  be made at the specified office of the Registrar to whom surrender 
of such Individual Certificate and, if applicable, delivery of such request, form of transfer or notice 
of exercise shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery and 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, 
notice of exercise or otherwise in writing, shall be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the 
new Individual Certificate to such address as may be so specified. In this Condition 3.4 
"business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for 
business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar. 
3.5 
Exchange and transfer free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of WT Securities on registration or transfer will be effected without charge

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the relevant WT 
Securityholder (or the giving by the relevant WT Securityholder of such indemnity as the 
Registrar may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may 
be imposed in relation to it. 
3.6 
Closed periods 
No WT Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Security to be exchanged for one or more Registered Security(s) (i) during 
the period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for redemption of that WT Security, (ii) 
during the period of 15 calendar days prior to any date on which WT Securities may be 
redeemed by Optional Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.2 or 8.3 (as applicable) or by the 
Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 9, (iii) after any such WT Security has been Redeemed 
in whole or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An 
Exchangeable Bearer Security called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or 
more Registered Security(s) in respect of which the Individual Certificate is simultaneously 
surrendered not later than any Record Date. 
3.7 
Exchange of Uncertificated Registered Securities 
All transactions in respect of Uncertificated Registered Securities (including, without limitation, 
transfers of the WT Securities) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an 
account with CREST. All transfers of the WT Securities in uncertificated registered form shall 
be subject to and made in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and the rules, 
procedures and practices in effect of the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System. The 
Uncertificated Regulations and such rules, procedures and practices may change from time to 
time. No provision of the Conditions shall (notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein) apply 
or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with: (i) the holding of title to the 
WT Securities in uncertificated form, (ii) the transfer of title to Uncertificated Registered 
Securities by means of registration in the Register or (iii) the Uncertificated Regulations. 
If at any time the WT Securities cease to be held in uncertificated form and/or accepted for 
clearance through the Relevant Clearing System, or notice is received by or on behalf of the 
Issuer that the  WT Securities will cease to be held in uncertificated form and cleared through 
the Relevant Clearing System and/or the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or the Relevant Clearing System announces an intention permanently to cease business or does  
in fact do so, the WT Securities shall continue to be in registered form and the Issuer, the  
Registrar, the Issuing and Paying Agent, if applicable, and any other relevant Programme Party 
may agree such procedures as they determine necessary in relation to the transfer of 
Uncertificated Registered Securities and shall as soon as reasonably practicable give Notice 
thereof to the WT Securityholders. 
The provisions of the second paragraph of this Condition 3.7 shall apply equally in the case that 
a holder ceases to be a Relevant Clearing System member, but for such purposes only the 
affected holder will need to be notified of the procedures adopted. 
If the rules and procedures of the Registrar and/or for so long as the Uncertificated Registered 
Securities are held in the Relevant Clearing System the rules and procedures of the Relevant 
Clearing System include any closed period in which no WT Securityholder may require the 
transfer of a WT Security to be registered in the Register, such closed periods shall apply to 
Uncertificated Registered Securities. Details of any such closed period are available from the 
Registrar. 
4 
CONSTITUTION AND STATUS 
Each Class of WT Securities is constituted by the applicable Trust Deed and secured by each applicable 
Security Document. The WT Securities of each Class are secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves, secured in the 
manner described in Condition 6 and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
Condition 15. The status of each Class of WT Securities is as further set out in the Applicable Product 
Annex. 
5 
ASSET ENTITLEMENT

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
The Asset Entitlement in respect of any day shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of the 
Applicable Product Annex. 
6 
SECURITY 
6.1 
Enforcement of Security constituted by the Security Documents 
The Security constituted by the applicable Security Documents in respect of each Class of the 
WT Securities shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event or 
an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 14 below. 
6.2 
Realisation of Security constituted by the Security Documents 
At any time after the Security constituted by any Security Document has become enforceable, 
the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-
fifth in number of the WT Securities of the relevant Class then outstanding or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the WT Securityholders of such Class, in each case subject to its having been 
pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the WT Securityholders, 
enforce the Security constituted by such Security Document. 
To do this, the Trustee may, at its discretion, (i) enforce and/or terminate any relevant 
Programme Document relating to the WT Securities of such Class in accordance with its or their 
terms, and/or take action against the relevant Obligor(s) and/or (ii) take possession of and/or 
realise all or part of the assets over which the Security constituted by the relevant Security 
Document shall have become enforceable and may in  its discretion, sell, call in, collect and 
convert into money all or part of such assets, in such manner, at such time and on such terms 
as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without 
having regard to the effect of such action on individual WT Securityholders. 
The Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver or receivers over all or part of the assets over 
which the Security constituted by the relevant Security Document shall have become 
enforceable and may remove any receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No 
delay or waiver of the right to exercise these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. 
Neither the Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, 
by reason of taking possession of any assets or any other reason and whether or not as 
mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts or be liable 
for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such assets or from any act or omission 
to such assets or otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by its own fraud, 
negligence or wilful default. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by the 
relevant Security Document which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or 
regulation or (ii) cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including 
any personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, 
powers and discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
6.3 
Application of proceeds of enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply any amounts received or 
recovered under the applicable Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation of the  
assets that are the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Security Documents 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement and after taking into account Taxes incurred or 
payable in respect of the realization of the Secured Property) as follows: 
(a) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by, or payable in respect of the WT Securities of  the relevant 
Class to, the Trustee or any receiver(s) under or pursuant to the Trust Deed or the 
applicable Security Documents in respect of the relevant Class of WT Securities (which 
for the purpose of this Condition 6 and such Security Document shall include, without 
limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, 
corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of 
enforcing the Trust Deed and/or realising all or some of the Security constituted by each

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
applicable Security Document and the Trustee’s remuneration) and in the event that 
Security is realised in respect of more than one Class of WT Securities simultaneously, 
any such fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities that are not attributable to a 
particular Class shall be applied across such Classes pari passu and pro rata; 
(b) 
secondly, in payment of the Redemption Amount to the WT Securityholders of the 
relevant Class; and 
(c) 
thirdly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself or as it may direct. 
6.4 
Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Secured Property 
Notwithstanding Condition 16.1, and unless otherwise directed in a Security Document at any 
time before the Security constituted by a Security Document in respect of a Class of WT 
Securities becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, without the sanction of an Extraordinary 
Resolution from the relevant Class of WT Securityholders and without the prior written consent 
of the Trustee: 
(a) 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property as is not prohibited by the 
Programme Documents; and 
(b) 
subject to the terms of the relevant Custody Agreement exercise any rights incidental 
to the ownership of the Secured Property which are exercisable by the Issuer and, in 
particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting 
rights in respect of such property and all rights to enforce any such ownership interests 
in respect of such property. 
7 
RESTRICTIONS 
So long as any of the WT Securities of any Class remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee:  
 
7.1 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in any of 
the following activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is incidental thereto): 
(a) 
issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or 
resell all or some only of the WT Securities of any Class under the Programme as may 
be provided in these Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Programme Documents 
and in connection therewith enter into or amend any Programme Documents 
accordingly; 
(b) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured 
Property for a Class of WT Securities issued under the Programme, so as to enable it 
to discharge its obligations under such Class, and any relevant Programme Document 
relating to such Class; 
(c) 
perform its obligations under any Class of WT Securities issued under the Programme, 
and any relevant Programme Document entered into by it in connection with such Class, 
and any agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating to any such Class of 
WT Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Class of WT Securities 
issued under the Programme; 
(d) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property or any other Programme 
Document contemplated or permitted by the Conditions or  such Programme Document 
relating to any Class of WT Securities (including, without limitation, proof of staking 
activities if "Staking Arrangements" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
for such Class of WT Securities); 
(e) 
subject as provided in the relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Documents and 
in the Conditions relating to any Class of WT Securities enforce any of its rights whether 
under the relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Document, any other  
Programme  Document  or otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to 
any Class of WT Securities or any Secured Property relating to any such Class; and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(f) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above 
(which shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other 
administrative or management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to 
keep it operating and/or to comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it); 
7.2 
have any subsidiaries; 
7.3 
have any employees; 
7.4 
purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like facilities); 
7.5 
cause or permit the terms of the Security granted under the applicable Security Documents and 
the order of priority specified in the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the applicable Security 
Documents, as applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as 
contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security Document and/or the Conditions relating to 
such Class of WT Securities); 
7.6 
release any party to the relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Document or any other 
relevant Programme Document relating to a Class of WT Securities from any existing obligations 
thereunder (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security Document and/or 
the Conditions relating to such Class of WT Securities); 
7.7 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are the subject of the Security constituted 
by each relevant Security Document or any other part of the Secured Property in respect of any 
Class of WT Securities or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to exist any 
mortgage, charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other security interest over such Secured 
Property except in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex, the Conditions of the relevant 
WT Securities of any such Class, the relevant Agency Agreement (if applicable), the relevant 
Trust Deed for any such Class, the applicable Security Document and any other Programme 
Document relating to any such Class as may be applicable; 
7.8 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms 
of the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed, any Security Document or any other Programme 
Document relating to any Class of WT Securities (other than as contemplated or permitted by 
the Conditions and the relevant Programme Documents); 
7.9 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust 
Deed, any Security Document and the Conditions for any Class of WT Securities); 
7.10 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such account 
(i) relates to a Class of WT Securities, or any Secured Property relating to a Class of WT 
Securities or any party thereto and the Issuer’s interest in such account is simultaneously 
secured in favour of the Trustee, so as to form part of the relevant Secured Property relating to 
such Class of WT Securities, or (ii) is opened in connection with the administration and 
management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
7.11 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or 
enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the 
obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
7.12 
except as contemplated by any relevant Programme Document, the Conditions relating to a 
Class of WT Securities, and/or the agreements contemplated by paragraph 7.1(e) above, 
advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the rights, property or 
other assets comprising the Secured Property for any such Class of WT Securities, to any other 
entity or person; 
7.13 
subject as provided in paragraph 7.1 above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, 
other than (subject to Condition 18) issuing further WT Securities under the Programme (which 
may or may not form a single Class with the WT Securities of any Class and may or may not be 
guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further obligations relating to such WT 
Securities, provided that:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(a) 
if such further WT Securities are not to form a single Class with any other Class of WT 
Securities, such further WT Securities and obligations are secured on assets of the 
Issuer other than (i) the assets which are the subject of the Security constituted by the 
relevant Security Documents relating to any other Class of WT Securities and (ii) the 
Issuer’s share capital; or 
(b) 
if such WT Securities are to form a Class with existing WT Securities, such further WT 
Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the assets which are the subject 
of the Security constituted by the relevant Security Document relating to the Class of 
WT Securities with which such WT Securities are to form a single Class and the assets 
which are the subject of the Security constituted by any Security Document relating to 
the Classes of WT Securities with which such WT Securities are to form a related Class, 
all in accordance with Condition 18 of the relevant Class of WT Securities. 
8 
OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 
8.1 
Redemption Entitlement 
(a) 
A right to redemption under this Condition 8 or Condition 9 (Compulsory Redemption) 
will entitle the relevant WT Securityholder to an Asset Entitlement as set out in the 
Applicable Product Annex. 
8.2 
Redemption by Authorised Participant 
(a) 
A WT Securityholder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided 
herein) require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of WT Securities by 
the Redemption Delivery Procedures or Redemption Payment Procedures (as 
applicable) as set out in the Applicable Product Annex, by lodging with the Issuer a 
valid Redemption Form and by making an Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities. 
8.3 
Redemption by other WT Securityholders 
(a) 
A WT Securityholder who is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as 
provided herein) require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of WT 
Securities by the Redemption Delivery Procedures and/or Redemption Payment 
Procedures (as applicable) as set out in the Applicable Product Annex, by lodging 
with the Issuer a valid Redemption Form and by making an Acceptable Delivery of 
WT Securities, if, either:  
(i) 
on any Business Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and the WT 
Securityholder lodges on such day a valid Redemption Form; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has given Notice in respect of any Business Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Redemptions by WT Securityholders who 
are not Authorised Participants will be permitted. Any such announcement 
may be general or subject to conditions, and any notice requesting any 
Redemption which is not in accordance with any such conditions shall not 
be valid. 
(b) 
Settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant WT Securities 
will be effected in accordance with the Redemption Delivery Procedures and/or 
Redemption Payment Procedures (as appropriate) as set out in the Applicable 
Product Annex, unless (i) the WT Securityholder in its Redemption Form certifies 
that it is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from owning or taking delivery of 
any of the applicable Underlying Asset(s) upon a Redemption, being a “Prohibited 
WT Securityholder”; and/or (ii) the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory 
reasons from effecting a delivery of any of the relevant Underlying Asset(s) to the 
WT Securityholder (a “Prohibited Physical Redemption”), in which case the 
Redemption will be a Cash Redemption as set out in the Applicable Product Annex. 
(c) 
A WT Securityholder desiring to redeem WT Securities must make Acceptable Delivery 
of WT Securities. Redemption Forms will not be treated as having been lodged until the 
WT Securities to be Redeemed have been so delivered to the Issuer.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
8.4 
Redemption Notice 
(a) 
A Redemption Form (as applicable): 
(i) 
must specify the number and Class of WT Securities to be Redeemed; 
(ii) 
must relate to only one Class of WT Securities and the Principal must be within 
the relevant Optional Redemption Limit (if any); 
(iii) 
must (save in the case of a Redemption Order) be signed by, or by an 
authorised signatory on behalf of, the WT Securityholder; 
(iv) 
must provide all forms of documentation required for the purposes of any 
compliance and identification checks; 
(v) 
must comply with any additional requirements as set out in the Applicable 
Product Annex;  
(vi) 
must comply with any additional requirements specified in any Notice given by 
the Issuer including, without limitation, to any announcement or Notice in 
relation to (A) the matters described in Condition 8.3(a) or (B) the permissibility 
of Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption; and 
(vii) 
must elect the relevant Redemption Delivery Procedures and/or Redemption 
Payment Procedures (as applicable) as set out in the Applicable Product 
Annex; and  
(viii) 
is irrevocable once it has been lodged with the Issuer.  
8.5 
Upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Redemption Form from a WT Securityholder in relation to 
any WT Securities, the Issuer shall do all things necessary to give effect to the Redemption Form 
as required by this Condition 8 (Optional Redemption). 
8.6 
A Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if lodged by a WT Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant unless any of the 
provisions of 8.3(a) apply; or 
(b) 
if it does not satisfy each and all of Conditions 8.4(a)(i) to 8.4(a)(viii); or 
(c) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 9.1 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Termination), Condition 9.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event), 
Condition 9.3 (Compulsory Redemption for cause), Condition 9.6 (Compulsory 
Redemption for illegality or impossibility), or Condition 9.8 (Compulsory Redemption for 
Event of Default) to redeem such WT Securities compulsorily, if the Redemption Form 
is received or deemed received on or after: 
(i) 
where notice has been given in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Compulsory 
Redemption on Termination), the Final Trading Date;  
(ii) 
where notice has been given under Condition 9.2 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Issuer Insolvency Event), the date on which such notice was given, and no WT 
Securities of the relevant Class shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that 
Redemption Form; 
(iii) 
where notice has been given under Condition 9.3 (Compulsory Redemption for 
cause) and, if applicable, the relevant WT Securityholder does not provide the 
requisite certification or proof required in accordance with Condition 9.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for cause), the date on which such notice was given, 
and no WT Securities to which such notice relates to shall be Redeemed in 
respect of or under that Redemption Form;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(iv) 
where notice has been given under Condition 9.6 (Compulsory Redemption for 
illegality or impossibility), the date of the relevant notice; 
(v) 
where an Event of Default Redemption Notice has been given under Condition 
14.1 (Events of Default), the date of the relevant notice;  
(d) 
if the Redemption Form is received (or deemed to be received) when Redemptions have 
been suspended or postponed pursuant to the terms of the Applicable Product Annex; 
or 
(e) 
in the circumstances specified in the Applicable Product Annex. 
8.7 
If the Issuer considers that a purported Redemption Form is invalid, it shall notify the WT 
Securityholder lodging that Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably possible and 
shall not be obliged to Redeem pursuant to that Redemption Form any WT Securities. 
8.8 
A Redemption Form received by the Issuer after 4.30 p.m. (London time) on a Business Day 
shall be treated as lodged on the immediately following Business Day. 
8.9 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Redemption Forms and 
these Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions to the extent of any such variation. 
8.10 
Suspension of Redemptions 
The Issuer may suspend the right to request redemptions or the settlement of Redemptions of 
WT Securities of a Class, in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex for that Class of WT 
Securities. 
9 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE  
9.1 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
The Issuer may at any time determine that all WT Securities, or all WT Securities of any 
one or more Class, are to be Redeemed compulsorily. In such event the Issuer (subject to 
compliance with any applicable legal or regulatory requirements), will apply for trading on a 
Relevant Stock Exchange (and any other stock exchange or market on which they are then 
admitted to trading) in such type of WT Securities to be suspended or cancelled and shall give 
not less than 30 days’ notice by RIS of a Business Day to be a Final Trading Date in respect 
of such WT Securities, with the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date being determined 
in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
9.2 
Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event  
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at any time, at its 
discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by the  WT Securityholders holding not less than 
one-fifth of the number of all the WT Securities of the relevant  Class then outstanding or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of  the WT Securityholders of such  Class, the Trustee having first been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer and by 
RIS to the WT Securityholders that all the WT Securities outstanding of such  Class are to be 
Redeemed compulsorily, with the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date being determined 
in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
9.3 
Compulsory Redemption for cause 
(a) 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a WT 
Securityholder that any WT Securities held by that WT Securityholder are to be 
Redeemed compulsorily, with the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date being 
determined in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex in respect of such WT 
Securities, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer required the WT Securityholder in accordance with Condition 11 
(Enquiries as to Status of WT Securityholders) to certify whether or not it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the WT Securityholder did not by the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
date specified in the notice given under Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of 
WT Securityholder) provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form and 
executed in the manner required or (ii) the WT Securityholder certified that it is 
a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer required the WT Securityholder in accordance with Condition 11 
(Enquiries as to Status of WT Securityholder) to certify whether or not it is a 
Prohibited US Person and (i) the WT Securityholder did not by the date 
specified in the notice given under Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of WT 
Securityholders) provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form and 
executed in the manner required or (ii) the WT Securityholder certified that it 
is a Prohibited US Person; or the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (a) that 
such WT Securities are or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any 
person in breach of any law or requirement of any country or by virtue of which 
such person is not qualified to own those WT Securities, or (b) that the 
ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those WT Securities 
(whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to 
the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause 
a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other WT Securityholders 
which it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer required the WT Securityholder in accordance with Condition 11 
(Enquiries as to Status of WT Securityholder) to certify and provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer (acting reasonably) that the WT Securityholder is not 
in breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Programme Party 
to a breach of any law or regulation and (i) the WT Securityholder did not by the 
date specified in the notice given under Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of 
WT Securityholders) provide such a certification in the form and executed in the 
manner required or evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or (ii) the WT 
Securityholder certified that it is in breach of any law or regulation or would risk 
exposing any Programme Party to a breach of any law or regulation; or the 
Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (a) that such WT Securities are or may 
be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or 
requirement of any country, or (b) that the ownership or holding or continued 
ownership or holding of those WT Securities (whether on its own or in 
conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) 
would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, expose any Programme Party to 
a risk of violation of any law or regulation; or 
(b) 
provided that if the relevant WT Securityholder in the case of sub-paragraph 9.3(a)(i) or 
sub-paragraph 9.3(a)(ii) so failed to provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-
paragraph 9.3(a)(i) or sub-paragraph 9.3(a)(ii) certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, in each case in respect of some only of the 
WT Securities held by it, a notice given by the Issuer under this Condition shall relate 
only to those WT Securities (and not any other WT Securities held by that WT 
Securityholder). 
9.4 
If a WT Securityholder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 9.3 (Compulsory 
Redemption for Cause) provides to the Issuer at least one Business Day prior to the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date as determined in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex 
proof required by the Issuer that its WT Securities have been transferred to a person that is not 
a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the WT Securities referred to 
in that notice shall not be Redeemed under these Conditions. 
9.5 
If a WT Securityholder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 9.3 (Compulsory 
Redemption for Cause) does not provide to the Issuer at least one Business Day prior to the 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date as determined in accordance with the Applicable 
Product Annex proof required by the Issuer that its WT Securities have been transferred to a 
person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the WT 
Securities referred to in that notice shall not be capable of being transferred by that WT 
Securityholder and the Issuer shall not be required to register any purported transfer of those 
WT Securities.  
9.6 
Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may determine that all WT Securities, or all WT Securities of any one or 
more Class, are to be Redeemed compulsorily if it becomes illegal or impossible after 
taking all reasonable care for the Issuer to issue or deal with such WT Securities or to 
hold or deal with Underlying Assets forming part of the Secured Property in respect 
thereof, in each case in accordance with these Conditions and as a result of any law, 
rule, regulation, judgment, order or decision of any governmental, legislative, 
administrative or judicial authority.  In such event, the Issuer shall give notice by RIS to 
the WT Securityholders and the Trustee that such WT Securities are to be Redeemed 
compulsorily, with the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date being determined 
in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination 
or declaration taken or made in accordance with this Condition 9 (Compulsory 
Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee). The exercise of the powers conferred by this 
Condition 9 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer) shall not be questioned or 
invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence of direct 
or beneficial ownership or holding of the WT Securities, or any other grounds save 
that such powers shall have been exercised in good faith. 
9.7 
Compulsory Redemptions 
(a) 
If notice is given to Redeem WT Securities compulsorily pursuant to Condition 9.1 
(Compulsory Redemption on Termination), Condition 9.2 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Issuer Insolvency Event), Condition 9.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause),  
Condition 9.6 (Compulsory Redemption for Illegality or Impossibility) or Condition 9.8 
(Compulsory Redemption on Event of Default), all WT Securities subject to such notice 
shall, where the WT Securityholder is also an Authorised Participant, be Redeemed 
pursuant to the Redemption Delivery Procedures or Redemption Payment Procedures 
(as applicable)  as set out in the Applicable Product Annex. 
(b) 
If a Redemption pursuant to the Redemption Delivery Procedures or Redemption 
Payment Procedures applies in accordance with the Applicable Product Annex, the 
holder of the WT Securities being Compulsorily Redeemed acknowledges and agrees: 
(i) 
to accept the Redemption Amount (less any Redemption Deductions, and/or 
Execution Fees as set out in the Applicable Product Annex; and less the 
Trustee’s fees and expenses (if any)) in full settlement of the Redemption 
Obligations in respect of such WT Securities; 
(ii) 
that the Issuer and the Trustee make no representations or warranties as to the 
price at which the relevant Underlying Asset(s) will be sold or the amount of the 
proceeds of sale realised from the sale of such Underlying Asset(s); and 
(iii) 
that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable for any failure by any 
Custodian in respect of any sale or transfer of any Underlying Asset pursuant 
to any transaction completed under the Redemption Delivery Procedures and 
Redemption Payment Procedures but in the event of any such failure, the Issuer 
shall to the extent practicable transfer or assign to the redeeming WT 
Securityholder its rights or claims in relation to such Underlying Asset whether 
under the Custody Agreement or otherwise in satisfaction of all claims of such 
WT Securityholder in respect of the WT Securities to be Redeemed and the WT 
Securityholder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured 
Property.  
9.8 
Compulsory Redemption on Event of Default 
If an Event of Default Redemption Notice been issued by the Trustee, the Issuer will, as soon 
as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption Notice, give Notice 
that such relevant Class of WT Securities is, and it shall immediately become, due and payable 
or deliverable (as applicable) at its Redemption Amount, in accordance with the Applicable 
Product Annex, with the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date being determined in 
accordance with the Applicable Product Annex. 
10 
REDEMPTION OBLIGATIONS

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
10.1 
Where a Redemption Form has been lodged for the Redemption of WT Securities, the WT 
Securityholder which holds those WT Securities which are the subject of that Redemption 
must, by 12.00 p.m. on the Business Day prior to the Optional Redemption Settlement Date, 
make Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities of the WT Securities in question. Once a valid 
Redemption Form is lodged in respect of the WT Securities, the WT Securities in respect 
of which it was given may not be transferred by the WT Securityholder (except to the Issuer), 
and the Issuer may refuse to recognise any subsequent transfer of any of those WT 
Securities.  
10.2 
Where settlement of a Redemption of WT Securities is delayed due to the failure of the WT 
Securityholder to make Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities, the WT Securityholder shall 
not be entitled to receive any interest in respect of late delivery of the Asset Entitlement or 
other amounts due.  
10.3 
Where WT Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 8 (Optional Redemption) 
or 9 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer), the Issuer shall be entitled, upon delivery of 
the Asset Entitlement into the applicable WT Securityholder Account or other payment in 
accordance with the Applicable Product Annex, to instruct the Registrar to cancel  the  entry  
in the Register in respect of those WT Securities being Redeemed.  
10.4 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a WT Securityholder that the Issuer or any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or the Trustee may have to withhold or deduct from any delivery or payment 
(if applicable) that corresponds to the Redemption Form an amount for or on account of, 
any costs and expenses relating to the Asset Entitlement or the relevant Redemption 
Delivery Procedures and Redemption Payment Procedures, any present or future taxes, 
duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political 
sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as 
modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect and 
such notice shall specify any form or document to be delivered by beneficial owners of WT 
Securities that may allow the Issuer to make such delivery or payment (as applicable) 
without any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding or deduction at a reduced 
rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer by the relevant WT 
Securityholder or if it is not the beneficial owner of the WT Securities held by such WT 
Securityholder and which are to be redeemed, such beneficial owner, then any such 
payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the Issuer to deliver or to procure 
the delivery of the Asset Entitlement or other amount due to that WT Securityholder will also 
be reduced) by the amount of the withholding or deduction.  
11 
ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF WT SECURITY HOLDERS 
11.1 
The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a WT 
Securityholder, excluding a WT Securityholder of Bearer Securities, requiring that WT 
Securityholder: 
(a) 
to certify, no later than the date (the “Investor Notice Expiry Date”) falling fifteen 
Business Days following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such 
requirement to that WT Securityholder whether that WT Securityholder is a Prohibited 
US Person or a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (and if that WT Securityholder is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or Prohibited US Person, to notify the Issuer of the 
number and type of WT Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor or Prohibited US Person);  
(b) 
if that WT Securityholder asserts that it is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US 
Person in respect of all WT Securities held by it), to provide to the Issuer by the Investor 
Notice Expiry Date a certificate in the form and executed in the manner determined by 
the Issuer that the WT Securityholder is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US 
Person in respect of certain WT Securities held by it, specifying the number and type of 
WT Securities in respect of which it is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or 
is, and is not, a Prohibited US Person); and

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(c) 
to certify and provide to the Issuer by the Investor Notice Expiry Date evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer, acting reasonably, that the WT Securityholder is not in breach 
of any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Programme Party to a breach of any 
law or regulation. 
11.2 
The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 11, 
to assume that none of the WT Securities are held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investors. 
12 
PAYMENTS, CALCULATIONS, AGENTS AND RECORDS 
12.1 
Payments net of Taxes and transaction costs 
All payments or deliveries under this Programme, including but not limited to payment or 
deliveries of Asset Entitlement in respect of the WT Securities shall be made net of and after 
allowance for any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes or any costs and 
expenses relating to the Asset Entitlement or the relevant Redemption Delivery Procedures 
and Redemption Payment Procedures. In the event that any withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any Tax or any costs and expenses relating to the Asset Entitlement or the 
relevant Redemption Delivery Procedures and Redemption Payment Procedures applies 
to deliveries or payments in respect of the WT Securities, the WT Securityholders will be subject 
to, and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for, any such Tax, any such 
costs and expenses relating to the Asset Entitlement or the relevant Redemption Delivery 
Procedures and Redemption Payment Procedures, or deduction or any other amounts 
withheld or deducted pursuant to Condition 12.3. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of 
any such withholding or deduction. 
12.2 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments of Principal in respect of Definitive Securities will, subject to Conditions 
12.2(c) and 12.3, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant WT 
Securities at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, by a 
cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to, an account denominated in such currency with a Bank. "Bank" means a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment or, in the case of euros, 
a city in which banks in general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
(b) 
For as long as the WT Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with 
a Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a common 
depository, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant 
Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions to make payments 
and/or deliver the Asset Entitlement (as applicable) in respect of the WT Securities 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of the Global Security, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of such Global Security. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning WT Securities 
represented by such Global Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System 
for his share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of the 
Global Security. Payments made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System as owning any WT Security represented by the Global Security shall 
be subject to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as the WT Securities are represented by a 
Global Security, if any amount payable in respect of such WT Securities is payable in 
U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments shall be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the U.S. if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the U.S. 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the U.S. of the full 
amount due in respect of the WT Securities in the manner provided above when 
due;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount due at all such specified offices outside the U.S. is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of the amount due in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under U.S. law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
12.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments and/or deliveries of Asset Entitlement (as applicable) in respect of the WT 
Securities will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12.1 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations  or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto (in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12.1). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the WT Securityholders in respect of such 
payments. 
12.4 
Calculations 
(a) 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or 
at such time as the Determination Agent is required in accordance with the 
Determination Agency Agreement and the Conditions and any other Relevant 
Provisions, perform such duties and obligations as are required to be performed by it in 
accordance therewith. 
(b) 
The calculation by the Determination Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required 
to be calculated by the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be 
made in good faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on 
the Issuer,  the WT Securityholders and the Programme Parties. 
12.5 
Calculation by alternative agent 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 6.1 the 
Determination Agent does not make any calculation relating to the Asset Entitlement, the Price 
per WT Security, or the Redemption Amount when required pursuant to the Conditions and the 
Programme Documents, then the Issuer will appoint an alternative agent on its behalf to make 
any calculation in place of the Determination Agent. Any such calculation shall for the purposes 
of the Conditions and the Programme Documents be deemed to have been made by the 
Determination Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the provisions of the 
Conditions and/or the relevant Programme Document(s), with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do 
so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. The Trustee shall 
not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the WT 
Securityholders or any Programme Party for any calculation (or any delay in making any 
calculation) so made and will not itself by required to make, have any responsibility for making, 
any such calculation. 
12.6 
Determination Agent 
(a) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Determination Agency Agreement, the 
Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a 
Determination Agent for so long as any of the WT Securities are outstanding. If the 
Determination Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity that provides services of a 
similar type to those required of the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions 
or a leading bank or investment banking firm (acting through its principal London office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or over-the-counter commodity futures and 
options or index options market) that the Issuer reasonably determines is capable of

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
making the calculation(s) required to be made by the Determination Agent under the 
Relevant Provisions to act as such in its place. 
(b) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, 
in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any WT Securityholder, any other Programme Party 
or any other person for any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in 
connection with the performance by the Determination Agent of its obligations under the 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions 
provided that nothing shall relieve the Determination Agent from any Loss arising by 
reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the 
Determination Agent (any such act  or omission, a "Determination Agent Breach"). 
(i) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 
12.6(b)(i), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination 
Agent Breach, the Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to 
the Issuer, any WT Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other 
person if such  Determination Agent Breach results solely and directly from 
either (i) the failure by any other Programme Party to provide any notice, 
instruction or direction which such Programme Party is required or permitted to 
give under the Conditions or any relevant Programme Document or (ii) a delay 
in the delivery by any other Programme Party of any notice, instruction or 
direction which such Programme Party is required or permitted to give to the 
Determination Agent under the Conditions or any relevant Programme 
Document. 
(ii) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 
12.6(b)(ii), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination 
Agent Breach, the Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to 
the Issuer, any WT Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other 
person if such Determination Agent Breach results solely and directly from the 
reliance by the Determination Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, value or 
other calculation or determination notified to the Determination Agent pursuant 
to the Conditions and/or any relevant Programme Document which is made by 
another Programme Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of 
any relevant Programme Document. 
(c) 
The Determination Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust 
with any WT Securityholder. 
(d) 
The Determination Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set 
forth in the Conditions, the Determination Agency Agreement and the other Relevant 
Provisions and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into 
the Determination Agency Agreement against or on the part of the Determination Agent. 
The Determination Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the 
obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust 
Deed or any other Programme Document unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the 
Relevant Provisions. 
12.7 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any WT Securityholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee and in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Agency Agreement, the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, if applicable, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar or the 
Determination Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Registrars, or 
Determination Agents. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the 
appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or 
proceedings in the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to at all times maintain (i) a Registrar, (ii) in respect of any Class of WT Securities 
that may be cleared on a Relevant Clearing System other than CREST, an Issuing and Paying 
Agent other than the Registrar, (iii) a Determination Agent; and (iv) such other agents as may

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
be required by any stock exchange on which the WT Securities may be listed, in each case, as 
approved by the Trustee. The Issuer shall promptly give Notice to the WT Securityholders of 
any change of Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Issuer Insolvency Event, an Event 
of Default or a Potential Event of Default has occurred in relation to the WT Securities, the 
Trustee may (i) by notice in writing to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, if applicable. 
and any other Paying Agents, the Registrar, and/or the Determination Agent, require any and 
all of such Agents, until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable 
law to (a) act as agent of the Trustee under the Trust Deed and the WT Securities mutatis 
mutandis on the terms of the Agency Agreement or Determination Agency Agreement, or 
Registrar Agreement, as applicable (with consequential amendments as necessary) and except 
that the Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of such 
Agents (if any) shall be limited to the amounts for the time being held by the Trustee in respect 
of the WT Securities on the terms of the Trust Deed and which are available (after application 
in accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 6.3) to discharge such 
liability); or (b) deliver the WT Securities and all moneys, documents and records held by them 
in respect of the WT Securities to or to the order of the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such 
notice, and (ii) by notice in writing to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in 
respect of the WT Securities to or to the order of the Trustee and not to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, if applicable. and/or the Registrar (as the case may be) with effect from the receipt of 
any such notice by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the terms of each Security Document, at any time after the Security constituted by 
the Security Documents applicable to a Class of WT Securities has become enforceable, the 
Trustee may by notice in writing to the Issuer and any applicable Agent, require such Agent, 
until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as 
agent of the Trustee under the applicable Security Document, mutatis mutandis on the terms of 
the agreement pursuant to which the Agent is appointed, as applicable (with consequential 
amendments as necessary) and except that the Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, 
remuneration and all other expenses of such agents will be limited to the amounts for the time 
being held by the Trustee in respect of the applicable Security Document and which are 
available (after application in accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 
6.3) to discharge such liability); or (b) deliver assets forming part of, or documents evidencing 
or representing, the Secured Property, to the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice. 
12.8 
Business day convention and non-Payment Business Day 
(a) 
If any date for payment in respect of any WT Security is not a Payment Business Day, 
the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business 
Day or to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(b) 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Valuation Date, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Valuation 
Date. 
12.9 
Records 
For so long as the WT Securities are represented by a Global Security in NGN form, the records 
of the Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 12.9 means the records 
that each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such 
customers’ interests in the WT Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the 
WT Securities represented by the Global Security and, for these purposes, a statement issued 
by the Relevant Clearing System (which statement shall be made available to the bearer upon 
request) stating the number of WT Securities represented by the Global Security at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
12.10 
Negotiability of Global Bearer Security 
If the WT Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a Global Bearer Security, the Global 
Bearer Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(a) 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the 
transferee all rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all 
obligations appertaining hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
the holder of the Global Bearer Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all 
previous holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable or deliverable upon 
redemption or otherwise payable or deliverable in respect of the Global Bearer Security 
and the Issuer waives  as against such holder and any previous holder of the Global 
Bearer Security all rights of set-off or counterclaim that would or might otherwise be 
available to it in respect of the obligations evidenced by the Global Bearer Security; and 
(c) 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Bearer Security will operate as a good 
discharge against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Bearer Security. 
13 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the WT Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment  or 
delivery of Principal in respect of the WT Securities first became due or (if any amount of the money 
payable was improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding 
was made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the WT 
Securityholders that, upon further presentation of the WT Securities being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation 
(such date the "Relevant Date") save that if the WT Securities are in global bearer form claims in respect 
of Principal in respect of the relevant Global Bearer Security shall become void unless the Global Bearer 
Security is presented for payment within a period of 10 years from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
14.1 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs, the Trustee at its discretion 
may, or will  if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of a Class of WT 
Securities then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such Class of WT 
Securities (provided that in each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer (copied to each Programme 
Party) (such notice an "Event of Default Redemption Notice") that such relevant Class of 
WT Securities are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Condition 9.8: 
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum or delivery of any Asset Entitlement due 
in respect of that Class of WT Securities or any of them for a period of 14 calendar days 
or more; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other 
than a payment obligation) under that Class of WT Securities, the Trust Deed, any other 
Programme Document or any Security Document, which default is incapable of remedy 
or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar 
days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall 
have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these purposes, a failure to 
perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding 
that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time). 
(c) 
if the Determination Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason and, 
at the time such termination takes effect, no successor or replacement Determination 
Agent has been appointed with respect to such relevant Class of WT Securities; or 
(d) 
if any Custody Agreement is terminated and immediately upon such termination taking 
effect there is no Custodian that has been appointed with respect to such Class of WT 
Securities. 
14.2 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, give Notice thereof to the applicable WT Securityholders of such Class.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
14.3 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, on each anniversary of the issue date of the 
first Class of WT Securities issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after 
any request by the Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director of the 
Issuer to the effect that as at a date not more than five calendar days prior to the date of the 
certificate no Event of Default, or event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse 
of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default, has occurred. 
15 
ENFORCEMENT 
15.1 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, as it may 
think fit  to enforce the rights of the holders of any Class of WT Securities against the Issuer 
whether the same arise under general law, the Trust Deed or the relevant WT Securities, any 
other Programme Document to which it is a party or otherwise, but, in each case, it need not 
take any such action or step or institute proceedings  unless in accordance with the terms of the 
Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by holders of 
at least one-fifth in number of the WT Securities of a Class then outstanding and it shall have 
been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. Each Class of WT 
Securityholders shall act independently in directing the Trustee to take such action as set out in 
this Condition 15.1, and any action so taken by the Trustee shall relate only to the rights of the 
holders of such applicable Class of WT Securities. 
15.2 
Pursuant to the terms of each Security Document, only the Trustee may, at its discretion, and 
without further notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, 
as it may think fit to enforce the rights of any Class of WT Securityholders against the Issuer 
arising under that Security Document, but it need not take any such action or step or institute 
proceedings unless, in accordance with the terms of that Security Document, the Trustee is so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in number 
of the WT Securities of the relevant  Class then outstanding and it shall have been secured 
and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. Each Class of WT Securityholders shall 
act independently in directing the Trustee to take such enforcement action as set out in this 
Condition 15.2, and any action so taken by the Trustee shall relate only to the Security 
constituted by the relevant Security Documents applicable to such Class of WT Securities. 
15.3 
None of the holders of a Class of WT Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the 
Trust Deed, fails or is unable to do so within 60 days and such failure or inability is continuing. 
15.4 
The WT Securityholders of each Class acknowledge and agree that only the Trustee may 
enforce the Security over the Secured Property applicable to such Class in accordance with, 
and subject to the terms of, each relevant Security Document. 
15.5 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by any 
Security Document which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal 
liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and 
discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
 
15.6 
Save as provided for in the Trust Deed, the WT Securityholders in respect of any claim against 
the Issuer with respect to a Class of WT Securities shall have recourse only to the Secured 
Property in respect of such Class of WT Securities and any sums derived therefrom. If, the 
Trustee (or any other secured party) having realised the same, the net proceeds are insufficient 
for the Issuer to make all payments and meet all obligations which, but for the effect of this 
Condition 15.6, would then be due in respect of the such Class of WT Securities, the obligations 
of the Issuer to each WT Securityholder of such applicable Class shall be limited to such net 
proceeds of realisation, neither the Trustee nor any person acting on its behalf shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums or property in respect of 
the WT Securities of any Class. Neither the Trustee nor any WT Securityholder of any Class 
shall be entitled to institute, nor join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, any 
bankruptcy, suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding up, re-
organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any 
similar law (whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer (except for the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the relevant Security Document and lodging 
claims and proving in any insolvency proceedings of whatsoever nature relating to the Issuer 
not instituted by it) for two years (or, if later, the longest suspense period, preference period or 
similar period (howsoever described) ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of which 
transactions entered into by the Issuer within such period may be subject to challenge under 
applicable insolvency or other proceeding) plus one day after the date on which all amounts 
payable under the last outstanding WT Security of any class or type issued by the Issuer and 
constituted by the Trust Deed are repaid in relation to the Issuer, nor shall they have any claim 
in respect of any sum arising in or other obligation in respect of the Secured Property for any 
other Class or any other assets of the Issuer, except as otherwise provided for in the Trust Deed. 
The provisions of this Condition 15.6 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the WT 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Programme Document. 
 
16 
MEETINGS OF WT SECURITYHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, SUBSTITUTION AND 
RESTRICTIONS 
16.1 
Meetings of WT Securityholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the WT Securityholders of each 
Class of WT Securities to consider any matter affecting their interests, including modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the relevant Class of WT Securities (including these Conditions or 
the provisions of the Trust Deed insofar as the same may apply to such Class of WT Securities). 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
WT Securityholders of the relevant Class of WT Securities or agents present in person holding 
or representing in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the number of the WT Securities of 
such Class for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned such meeting, two or more WT 
Securityholders of the relevant Class of WT Securities or agents present in person being or 
representing WT Securityholders of such Class, whatever the number of the WT Securities of 
such Class so held or represented, and an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the WT Securityholders of such Class, whether present or not, 
except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the WT Securities of such Class (ii) to reduce or cancel the Principal Amount 
payable on redemption of, the WT Securities of such Class, (iii) to change any method of 
calculating the Asset Entitlement, or the Redemption Amount, (iv) to change the currency or 
currencies of payment or Base Currency (saved as provided for in Condition 18.2)  of the WT 
Securities of such Class, (v) to take any steps which as specified in the Trust Deed may only 
be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum 
provisions apply, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting 
of WT Securityholders of such Class or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution, (vii) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this exception or (viii) to 
modify any other provisions specifically identified for this purpose in the Trust Deed, or an 
applicable relevant Security Document will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the WT 
Securityholders of such Class, the quorum at which shall be two or more WT Securityholders 
of such Class or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 
75 per cent. of the number of WT Securities of such Class for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting, two or more WT Securityholders of such Class or agents present in 
person being or representing in the aggregate not less than 10 per cent. of the number of the 
WT Securities of such Class so held or represented. The holder of a Bearer Security or 
Registered Security in global form representing all of the WT Securities of such Class for the 
time being outstanding will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of such quorum 
requirements. A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. of the aggregate number of the WT Securities of each Class for the time being 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of WT Securityholders of such Class. 
16.2 
Modification of the relevant Programme Documents 
Subject to Condition 16.3(f), the Trustee may agree, without the consent of any of the WT 
Securityholders, to (i) any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Programme Document which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii)  an Issuer Technical Amendment, provided that

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
the Issuer has certified in writing to the Trustee upon which certification the Trustee may rely 
without any obligation to investigate or verify or form its own opinion that any such modification 
(1) is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of any Class of WT Securityholders 
and (2) has been drafted solely for the purposes indicated in paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition 
of Issuer Technical Amendment and meets the requirements of the proviso to such definition; 
and (iii) any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Programme Document to which the Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Trustee not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of all Classes of WT Securityholders. Any such 
modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on each Class of WT Securityholders and, 
if the Trustee so requires, such modification will be Notified by the Issuer to each Class of WT 
Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable. 
16.3 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the WT Securityholders, agree to the substitution, in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed, 
the other Programme Documents to which it is a party and the WT Securities of each Class, of 
any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the 
"Substituted Obligor") if the following conditions are satisfied: 
(a) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in 
form and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, 
any Security Documents and the WT Securities of each Class (with such consequential 
amendments as the Trustee may deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had 
been named in the Trust Deed, each Security Document and the WT Securities as the 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the 
Secured Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the 
Security Documents and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the 
Security and the Secured Property constitutes a valid mortgage, charge, assignment, 
pledge, lien or other security interest as was originally created by the Issuer for the 
obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
(c) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after 
such substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s 
financial condition, profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in 
connection with the assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor 
in respect of, and of its obligations under, the WT Securities of each Class and any 
Programme Document have been obtained and (b) such approvals and consents are 
at the time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(e) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that any 
Programme Party will execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) 
as the Trustee may require in order that such substitution is fully effective and comply 
with such other requirements in the interests of the WT Securityholders as the Trustee 
may direct; 
(f) 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer and the Trustee may, without 
the consent of the holders of the WT Securities, agree to a change of the law from time 
to time governing such WT Securities and/or the Trust Deed and/or any Security 
Document, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of such WT Securityholders; 
(g) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the 
Trustee may direct in the interests of the WT Securityholders; and 
(h) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed 
substitution.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 16.3 and the Trust Deed will, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under 
the Trust Deed, the WT Securities and the other relevant Programme Documents. The 
Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the WT Securityholders within 14 
calendar days of the execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 16.3 and the Trust Deed, the 
Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the 
other Programme Documents and the WT Securities as the principal debtor in place of the 
Issuer (or of any previous substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other 
Programme Documents and the WT Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary 
to give effect to the substitution. 
16.4 
Entitlement of the Trustee  
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions 
under the relevant Programme Documents, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the 
WT Securityholders as a whole and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual WT Securityholders of any individual Class and the Trustee will not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any WT Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual WT 
Securityholders of any individual Class. 
So long as the WT Securities are in global form and such Global Security is held by or on behalf 
of the Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of WT Securityholders, the Trustee 
may have regard to any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its 
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants 
with entitlements to any such Global Security and may consider such interests on the basis that 
such accountholders or participants were the holder(s) thereof. 
17 
REPLACEMENT OF WT SECURITIES 
If a WT Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or such other Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, as may, from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to WT Securityholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and 
costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed WT Security is subsequently 
presented for payment there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such WT Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced WT 
Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
18 
ISSUE OF FURTHER TRANCHES AND CLASSES OF WT SECURITIES 
18.1 
Further Tranches and Classes 
The Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any WT Securityholder), in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Authorised Participant Agreement(s), create 
and issue further Tranches of WT Securities so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form 
a single Class with the outstanding WT Securities of any Class or upon such terms as the Issuer may 
determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such WT Securities. 
Any new securities forming a single Class with the WT Securities and which are expressed to be 
constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the applicable Security Documents relating to such Class 
will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by such Security 
Documents without any further  formality and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities 
contravenes any covenant or other restriction in the Trust Deed, the Class Maximum Number of WT 
Securities or the Programme Maximum Number of WT Securities and references in these Conditions to  
"Secured Property" and "WT Securities" shall be construed accordingly. 
18.2 
Consolidation and division of Tranches and Classes

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the WT Securities into WT Securities of the 
same Class but with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount, Asset 
Entitlement (if applicable) and Price per WT Security (if applicable). Such consolidation 
or division shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
(b) 
Whenever as a result of consolidation of WT Securities a WT Securityholder would 
become entitled to a fraction of a WT Security the Issuer will redeem such fractional WT 
Security. 
19 
REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
19.1 
The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three 
months’ prior written notice to the Issuer and without being responsible for any costs occasioned 
by such retirement. The relevant Class of WT Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution 
of all outstanding WT Securityholders (as a single class) appoint or remove any trustee or 
trustees of that Class for the time being of the Trust Deed. 
19.2 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee gives notice to its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective (i) until a trust 
corporation is appointed as successor trustee and (ii) unless such sole trust corporation is also 
removed or retires, as the case may be, with effect from the date of its removal or retirement 
under these presents, as security trustee in respect of each Security Document in relation to the 
relevant WT Securities. 
19.3 
If a sole trust corporation gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution of the relevant 
Class of WT Securityholders is passed for its removal, the Issuer shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to procure that another trust corporation be appointed as trustee but if it fails to do 
so before the expiry of such 3 months notice period, the trustee shall have the power to appoint 
a new trustee. 
 
20 
NOTICES 
20.1 
All notices to holders of WT Securities shall be valid if: 
(a) 
they are: 
(i) 
published in a daily newspaper with general circulation (x) in the United 
Kingdom (which is expected to be in the Financial Times), and (y) in Switzerland 
(which is expected to be the Le Temps and Neue Zürcher Zeitung); and/or 
(ii) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by 
the applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be 
conclusively presumed to have been received by the holders; and/or 
(iii) 
published on the Issuer’s Website; 
(b) 
for so long as the WT Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, they are 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock 
Exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
for so long as the WT Securities are in global form, notices required to be given in 
respect of the WT Securities represented by a Global Security are given by their being 
delivered (so long as the Global Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing 
System) to the Relevant Clearing System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global 
Security, rather than by publication as required above. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the holders of the WT Securities on the Payment Business Day 
immediately following the day on which the notice was given to the Relevant Clearing 
System.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
20.2 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any such publications above are not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published in another leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
relevant country. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, 
as provided above. 
21 
RELEVANT CLEARING SYSTEM 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by the 
Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
22 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the WT Securities under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but that does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists 
or is available apart from that Act. 
23 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
23.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, each relevant Security Document and the WT Securities (including any Global 
Security), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
23.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any WT Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any WT Securities ("Proceedings") may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and 
waives any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the 
benefit of each of the Trustee and the WT Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
24 
SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Issuer has by executing the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed WisdomTree UK Ltd of 1 King William 
Street, London EC4N 7AF (formerly of 3 Lombard Street, London, EC4N 7AF) as its process agent to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Service of process 
on such process agent shall be deemed valid service upon the Issuer whether or not it is forwarded to 
and received by the Issuer. The Issuer shall inform the Trustee in writing of any change in its process 
agent’s address within 28 calendar days of such change. If for any reason such process agent ceases 
to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint 
a substitute process agent in England reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and to deliver to it a copy 
of the substitute process agent’s written acceptance of that appointment, within 14 calendar days.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRODUCT ANNEX TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WT SECURITIES 
 
The relevant Applicable Product Annex is contained in the Schedule relevant to a particular Class of WT 
Security.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
 
The following are summaries of certain provisions of the principal agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme which are qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each 
such agreement. The following summaries do not purport to be complete, and prospective investors must 
refer to each programme agreement for detailed information regarding such agreement. 
 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to such 
terms in the Conditions. 
 
Trust Deed 
 
The WT Securities of each Class shall be constituted by the Trust Deed, which shall comprise the master trust 
deed dated on or about the Programme Effective Date and made between the Issuer, the Manager and the 
Trustee (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Master Trust Deed"), 
as supplemented and amended by a supplemental trust deed relating to that Class and made between the 
Issuer, the Manager and the Trustee. The Master Trust Deed and any supplemental trust deed in respect of 
each Class of WT Securities are referred to together as the “Trust Deed”. Each Trust Deed will be governed 
by English law. 
 
The relevant Trust Deed contains the provisions setting out the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the 
relevant Class of WT Securities, and will set out the covenants given by the Issuer in relation to such Class, 
including, without limitation, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its duty to provide various persons with 
information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do such things as are contemplated within the 
applicable Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue and performance of the WT Securities) and 
its duties with respect to its obligations under the WT Securities. Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis 
for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, 
retirement and removal and contains provisions which are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and 
which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent of its duties. 
 
Any trustee in respect of a Class of WT Securities may retire upon giving not less than 60 calendar days' prior 
written notice to the Issuer, and the relevant Class of WT Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution 
remove any trustee, provided that the retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not be effective (i) 
until a trust corporation is appointed as successor trustee; and (ii) unless such sole trust corporation is also 
removed or retires, as the case may be, with effect from the date of its removal or retirement under the Trust 
Deed, as Trustee in respect of each Security Document in relation to the relevant WT Securities. If a sole trust 
corporation in respect of a Class of WT Securities gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution is 
passed for its removal, the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation 
is appointed as the Trustee for such Class but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 60 calendar day 
notice period, the Trustee will have the power to appoint a new trustee. 
 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed in respect of a Class of WT Securities, the Secured Obligations of the Issuer 
relating to that Class shall be secured in favour of the Trustee, for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured 
Creditors, by the security over the Secured Property. 
 
Security Document(s) 
 
In relation to each Class of WT Securities, the Issuer and the Trustee will enter into a Security Document 
pursuant to which the Secured Obligations of the Issuer relating to the Custody Agreement shall be secured 
in favour of the Trustee, for its benefit and the benefit of the WT Securityholders by security over the Security 
Property, as described in the section of this Prospectus headed "Security Arrangements". 
 
Custody Agreement(s) 
 
In relation to each Class of WT Securities, the Issuer will enter into a Custody Agreement with each Custodian 
pursuant to which the relevant Custodian acknowledges the security created in favour of the Trustee and 
agrees that once any relevant Underlying Asset(s) are deposited in the Secured Custody Accounts, and, 
excluding certain circumstances, it may only be removed after approval from the Issuer (or the Trustee 
following an Event of Default or an Issuer Insolvency Event). 
 
The Issuer has entered into a Custody Agreement with Swissquote Bank Ltd (“Swissquote”) and Coinbase 
Custody Trust Company LLC (“Coinbase Custody”) and may enter into further Custody Agreements with 
other custodians in the future for the storage of the Underlying Assets.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
The Issuer has entered into an addendum to the Custody Agreement with Coinbase Custody (“Coinbase 
Staking Addendum”) to give effect to Staking Arrangements, where such Staking Arrangements are provided 
in the Final Terms for the relevant classes of WT Securities. The services provided under the Staking 
Addendum (the “Staking Services”) will be carried out by Coinbase Custody or its affiliate or may be carried 
out by additional third-party service providers under the terms of the Coinbase Staking Addendum, where 
elected by the Issuer.  
 
The terms of use of the Coinbase Staking Addendum may be amended unilaterally by Coinbase Custody from 
time to time. 
 
Swissquote is a Swiss bank which is authorised and supervised by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority (“FINMA”). 
 
Coinbase Custody is a New York limited purpose trust company, who holds the relevant Underlying Asset(s) 
deposited in the Secured Custody Account in trust on behalf of the Issuer, which is authorised to provide 
fiduciary custodial services to institutional customers.  
 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with 
each Authorised Participant. Such Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the terms on which the 
Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in relation to each Class of WT Securities issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme. 
 
The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the procedure by which Application and Redemption Orders 
of the WT Securities are to be made. The Authorised Participant Agreement includes an indemnity from the 
Issuer relating to the representations and warranties given by the Issuer in such agreement. 
 
Determination Agency Agreement 
 
On 26 November 2019, the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Manager and the Trustee have entered into 
an English law governed determination agency agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the "Determination Agency Agreement") setting out the principal terms on which 
the Determination Agent may be appointed to act as the Determination Agent in respect of a Class of WT 
Securities.  
 
The Determination Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Determination Agent in 
relation to (i) the allocation of the Underlying Assets to the relevant Custodians; (ii) making such non-
discretionary calculations and give such notices of the outcome thereof as expressly required to be performed 
by it under the Programme Documents; (iii) effecting Cash Redemptions and/or Compulsory Cash 
Redemptions of WT Securities and/or Rebalancings;  (iv) the discretion to include or vary the potential costs 
of maintaining a particular Class of WT Securities (including the Capital Adjustment Factor, as set out in the 
Applicable Product Annex); and (v) as soon as practicable on each date on which or at such time at which the 
Determination Agent is expressly required under the Programme Documents to calculate any amount, price, 
rate or value or to give any notice relating thereto, making such calculations and delivering such notices 
expressly required to be given by it (in its capacity as Determination Agent) in accordance with the Programme 
Documents and obtaining any quotation, rate or value required in connection therewith as soon as reasonably 
practicable or as otherwise specified in the Programme Documents. 
 
The Determination Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 
90 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and the Programme Parties (other than the Authorised 
Participants)) and termination of the appointment of the Determination Agent (by at least 90 calendar days’ 
prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence of certain events, such as where such agent becomes 
incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a 
receiver, administrator or similar official or a resolution is passed for its winding up, official management, 
liquidation or dissolution). 
 
Service Agreement 
 
On 21 November 2019, the Issuer and the Manager entered into an Jersey law governed service agency 
agreement (as may be amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Service 
Agreement") Pursuant to the Service Agreement, the Manager supplies certain management and 
administration services to the Issuer and pays all the management and administration costs of the Issuer,

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
including the fees of JTC (as defined below), the Registrar, the Trustee and the Custodians.  
 
The Manager may engage third parties to provide some or all of these services. The Service Agreement may 
be terminated by  either party at any time on three months’ notice or earlier in the event of certain breaches 
or the insolvency of either party.  
 
The Manager is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was 
incorporated on 16 November 2010 and its registered office is Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, 
Jersey, JE4 8PW, Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree, Inc. The Manager has 
entered into an administration agreement with JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (the “Administrator” or 
“JTC”) whereby JTC will perform certain administration duties for the Issuer (including acting as receiving 
agent).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER  
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of this Prospectus headed "The 
Issuer". No other Programme Party has verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of such 
information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the WT Securities should make their own 
independent investigations and enquiries into the Issuer. 
 
General 
 
The Issuer was incorporated as a public limited liability company in Jersey on 17 September 2019 under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with the name “WisdomTree Issuer X Limited”. The Issuer 
operates under the aforementioned law and secondary legislation made thereunder. The Issuer is registered 
in Jersey under number 129881. 
 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing asset-backed WT 
Securities. The registered office of the Issuer is at 28 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE4 2QP. The telephone 
number of the Issuer is +44 (0) 1534 825200. The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 
213800B789JS6Y4H8936. The Issuer’s website is available at http://www.wisdomtree.eu. The information on 
the website does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Prospectus. 
 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
 
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class designated as 
Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued for a consideration of £1.00 
each. 
 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
 
All of the Issuer’s issued ordinary shares are owned by WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited, a holding 
company incorporated in Jersey. The shares in WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited are ultimately wholly 
owned by WisdomTree, Inc. The Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party 
to the Programme. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s issued share capital is 2 and the number of outstanding 
shares is 2.  
 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2023 (being the date of the most recently published audited financial statements of the Issuer). 
Save for the issue of WT Securities (and other securities issued pursuant to other prospectuses) and their 
related arrangements, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing and no 
contingent liabilities or guarantees. 
 
Business 
 
The Master Trust Deed contains restrictions on the activities in which the Issuer may engage. Pursuant to 
these restrictions, the business of the Issuer is limited to issuing WT Securities (and other securities issued 
pursuant to other prospectuses) up to a maximum number of WT Securities outstanding equal to 
1,000,000,000 of each Class of WT Securities or class of other securities issued pursuant to other 
prospectuses, entering into agreements and performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder 
and entering into other related transactions, and issuing unsecured debt securities, as contemplated in the 
Master Trust Deed by Clause 8.21(A). 
 
The assets of the Issuer will consist of the issued and paid-up capital of the Issuer and fees. The only assets 
of the Issuer available to meet claims of WT Securityholders and other secured creditors are the assets 
comprised in the relevant collection of benefits, rights and other assets comprising the security for the relevant 
Class of WT Securities or class of other securities issued pursuant to other prospectuses (as the case may 
be). 
 
The Issuer will be paid a fee for agreeing to issue the relevant WT Securities. Other than the fees paid to the 
Issuer, its share capital and any income derived therefrom, there is no intention that the Issuer accumulates 
surpluses. The WT Securities of each Class (and other securities issued pursuant to other prospectuses) are 
direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the shareholders of the Issuer, the Trustee, 
officers, members, directors, employees, or any WT Securityholders. Furthermore, they are not obligations

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
of, or guaranteed in any way by, any of the Authorised Participants or their respective successors or assigns. 
 
Directors  
 
The Directors of the Issuer are: 
 
Name 
 
 
Hilary Jones 
 
 
Alan Baird 
 
 
Peter  Ziemba 
 
 
Bryan Governey 
 
 
The business address of the Directors is at 28 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 2QP. 
 
Hilary Jones  
 
Ms Jones is a director of the Manager of the Issuer and of the Issuer. Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank 
in her native Northern Ireland for 15 years before moving to Jersey in 1993. She was a director of R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited from 2009 to 2019 and since December 2019 she has been working at JTC Fund 
Solutions (Jersey) Limited. Between 1993 and 1999 Ms Jones worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust 
Company in the Securities team and at Barclays Private Bank and Trust Company as a relationship manager. 
Hilary Jones is a Fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and has over 40 years’ 
experience in the finance sector, with extensive experience of crypto, real estate, private equity and special 
purpose and listed vehicles for corporate clients. Ms Jones acts, or acted as director for a number of 
companies across a wide range of assets classes including crypto,  private equity and real estate. Ms Jones 
also acts as a director of Global X Digital Assets Issuer Limited and Valour Digital Securities Limited. Ms 
Jones has also served on the legal and technical sub-committee of the Jersey Funds Association. 
 
Alan Baird 
 
Alan Baird has been with JTC since 2002 and has worked in all divisions of the company. From 2012 to 2016, 
prior to joining the Jersey funds division, Alan project managed various acquisitions alongside JTC’s private 
equity sponsor. Alan currently serves as Head of Fund Services at JTC Jersey and is now a director of the 
Administrator and is responsible for key operational activities including company secretarial, fund valuations, 
drawdowns and distributions, and the administration of investments. He also sits on the board of a number of 
client structures and has board experience across a broad range of asset classes, including real estate, private 
equity and venture capital. Alan also acts as a director of Global X Digital Assets Issuer Limited and Valour 
Digital Securities Limited. 
 
Peter Ziemba  
 
Peter Ziemba is a director of the Manager and HoldCo. Mr Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the 
Issuer, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal 
Securities Limited and WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Ziemba has served 
as Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree, Inc., an exchange-traded fund 
and exchange traded product sponsor and asset manager. Prior to this role he served as Executive Vice 
President —Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 to December 2017, and Chief Legal Officer from 
March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to March 2011, Mr Ziemba served as General Counsel to 
WisdomTree, Inc. Mr Ziemba presently serves on the boards of a number of WisdomTree’s wholly owned 
subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Ziemba was a partner in the Corporate and Securities 
department of Graubard Miller, which served as primary corporate counsel for WisdomTree, Inc., from 1991 
to 2007, and was employed at that firm beginning in 1982. Mr Ziemba received his B.A. in History with 
university honors from Binghamton University and his J.D., cum laude, from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of 
Law. 
 
Bryan Governey — Non-Executive Director 
Bryan Governey joined WisdomTree in September 2014 and has served as General Counsel for WisdomTree 
in Europe since November 2016. Mr Governey is responsible for the legal, compliance and human resource

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
departments in Europe. Mr Governey is also a non-executive director of the Issuer, WisdomTree Hedged 
Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Commodity Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited and 
WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Governey was legal counsel at Renaissance 
Asset Managers from 2012 until 2014, and he served as legal counsel at Aviva Investors from 2010 until 2012. 
Prior to this, Mr Governey was a solicitor in the asset management practice of Dillon Eustace in Ireland. Mr 
Governey was admitted as a solicitor by the Law Society of Ireland in 2010 and also admitted as a solicitor of 
the Law Society of England and Wales in the same year. Mr Governey holds a B.A. in Philosophy and Political 
Science from Trinity College Dublin. 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
 
Ms Jones, Mr Governey and Mr Ziemba are also directors of the Manager, a provider of services to the Issuer, 
and Mr Governey and Mr Ziemba are also directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder of the Issuer. Ms Jones 
is also an employee, of JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited, the administrator of the Issuer and the secretary 
of the Issuer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of interest, the Directors do not believe there 
are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties which the directors and/or members of the 
administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer owe to the Issuer, and the private interests 
and/or other duties which they have. 
 
Certain of the directors of the Issuer also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded commodities 
also owned by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including, without limitation, WisdomTree 
Multi Asset Management Limited (a company that provides services to WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (an 
exchange traded product issuer)). Mr Ziemba holds a directorship of WisdomTree Issuer ICAV, an issuer of 
exchange traded funds via segregated liability sub-funds. 
 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the Issuer 
are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the Programme.  
 
Incorporation by reference  
 
The following information is incorporated in the Prospectus by reference and shall be read as an integrated 
part of this Prospectus: 
 
The audited financial statements for the period from and including 1 January 2023 to 
and as of 31 December 2023, including:  
 
 
 
 
Independent Auditor's Report  
Pages 11-19 
Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 
Page 20 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 21 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 22 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 23 
Notes to the Annual Financial Statements 
Pages 24-49 
 
 
The audited financial statements for the period from and including 1 January 2022 to 
and as of 31 December 2022, including:  
 
 
 
 
Independent Auditor's Report  
Pages 11-19 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 20 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 21 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 22

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 23 
Notes to the Annual Financial Statements 
Pages 24-47 
 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference lists but included in the documents incorporated by reference 
is given for information purposes only. 
 
Any statement contained herein or in a document all or the relevant portion of which is deemed to be 
incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any subsequent document all or the relative portion of 
which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be 
deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
 
The audited financial statements for the period from and including 1 January 2023 to and as of 31 December 
2023 are available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/-/media/eu-
media-files/other-documents/regulatory/tax/etf-securities/wisdomtree-issuer-x-ltd---annual-account-
2023.xhtml. 
 
The audited financial statements for the period from and including 1 January 2022 to and as of 31 December 
2022 are available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/-/media/eu-
media-files/other-documents/regulatory/tax/etf-securities/wisdomtree-issuer-x-ltd---annual-account-
2022.xhtml. 
 
 
Auditors and financial statements 
 
The Issuer’s auditors are EY Jersey, Liberation House, Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1EY. EY Jersey 
is a branch of Ernst & Young LLP. Ernst & Young LLP is registered with and authorised for regulated activities 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, Ernst & Young LLP is also registered under 
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991: Recognized Auditors to audit Jersey incorporated market traded 
companies. 
 
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period. Under that law 
they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and applicable law. 
 
The Issuer’s fiscal year corresponds with the calendar year. Annual audited financial statements will generally 
be published within four months of the end of the fiscal year. The annual audited financial statements will be 
made available on the Issuer’s website http://www.wisdomtree.eu (under “Resources”, “Prospectus and 
Regulatory Information”, ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ 
tab, the documents listed below are entitled ‘WisdomTree Issuer X Ltd - Annual Account 2022’ and 
‘WisdomTree Issuer X Ltd – Annual Account 2023’). 
 
Half-yearly unaudited financial statements will generally be published within two months of the mid-year end, 
currently 30 June in each year. The half-yearly unaudited financial statements will be made available on the 
Issuer’s website http://www.wisdomtree.eu.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
THE MANAGER  
 
The information set out in this section of this Prospectus headed "The Manager" has been obtained from 
WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (the "Manager"). Such information has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by the Manager, no facts 
have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this 
Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Manager since 
the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time 
subsequent to its date. 
 
In addition to the Issuer, the Manager accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of 
this Prospectus headed "The Manager". No other Programme Party verified, or accepts any liability 
whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the WT 
Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into the Manager. 
 
General 
 
WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 106921) as a 
private company with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 16 November 2010 for a 
period of unlimited duration. 
 
The objects of the Manager are unrestricted. 
 
Business 
 
The principal activity of the Manager is the provision of administration and management services to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Service Agreement. See the section of this Prospectus titled "Summary of the Programme 
Documents – the Service Agreement". 
 
The WT Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Manager. 
 
Registered office and telephone number 
The Manager’s registered office is at Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PW. The 
Manager’s telephone number is +44 (0) 1534 825200. 
 
Management 
 
The Directors of the Manager are:  
 
• 
Steven Ross 
 
• 
Hilary Jones 
 
• 
Bryan Governey 
 
• 
Peter Ziemba 
  
• 
Christopher Foulds 
 
The business address of each of the Directors is (i) for Steven Ross and Christopher Foulds, R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited, Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PW, and (ii) for Peter M. 
Ziemba, 245 Park Avenue, 35th Floor New York, NY 10167, United States, (iii)  for Bryan Governey, 3 Dublin 
Landings North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Dublin, D01c4e0, Ireland and (iii) for Hilary Jones JTC House 28 
Esplanade St Helier Jersey Channel Islands JE4 2QP. 
 
The secretary of the Manager is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. 
 
The biographies of Ms Jones, Mr Governey and Mr Ziemba are set out under the heading “Directors of the 
Issuer” above. The biographies of Mr Ross and Mr Foulds are as follows:  
 
Steven Ross 
 
Mr Ross is a non-executive director of WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged 
Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited and WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited. Mr Ross

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours degree in Accountancy before embarking on a career 
with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 2001 to 2006. Whilst with PricewaterhouseCoopers he 
qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and 
was responsible for assisting and managing a number of assurance and business advisory engagements for 
high profile offshore financial services and commercial clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited he held the position of Head of Operations for Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an 
offshore fund administration business and was responsible for the provision of fund administration services to 
a portfolio of listed and private investment funds. In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited and became a partner of Rawlinson & Hunter Jersey in January 2017. 
Christopher Foulds 
Christopher J.M. Foulds is a director of the Manager and HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive director 
of Gold Bullion Securities, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited and 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited. Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with an 
honours degree in Mathematics with Financial Management, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant 
(FCA) with Deloitte LLP in Jersey, where he was responsible for assisting and managing a number of 
assurance and business advisory engagements focusing on offshore financial services clients. Following his 
departure from Deloitte LLP, Mr Foulds was a director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, providing start-up 
management and support services to the funds sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held various roles with ETFS 
Capital Limited, being primarily responsible for Financial Reporting as well as historically appointed as the 
Compliance Officer of the Manager. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in March 2020, Mr 
Foulds was the Head of Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares (Jersey) Limited, a business 
providing digital asset investment products. 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
 
Ms Jones, Mr Governey and Mr Ziemba are also directors of the Issuer. Mr Governey and Mr Ziemba are also 
directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder of the Issuer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of 
interest, the Directors do not believe there are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties 
which the directors and/or members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the 
Manager owe to the Manager and the private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
 
Certain of the directors of the Manager also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded 
commodities also owned by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including, without limitation, 
WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited (a company that provides services to WisdomTree Multi Asset 
Issuer plc (an exchange traded product issuer)). Mr Ziemba also holds a directorship of WisdomTree Issuer 
ICAV, an issuer of exchange traded funds via segregated liability sub-funds.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of the WT 
Securities, and/or receipt of payments under WT Securities may result in tax consequences to any 
investor, which may arise in, but are not limited to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the jurisdiction  of 
residence, domicile, citizenship or incorporation of the relevant investor. Prospective investors 
should consult their own professional advisers concerning such possible tax consequences. 
 
The summaries below are not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to 
the ownership of WT Securities and the Issuer has only investigated the tax position in the jurisdictions set 
out below. Prospective security holders should consult their own tax advisers concerning the consequences 
of their own particular situation. 
 
 
1 
TAXATION IN JERSEY 
 
1.1 
General 
 
The following paragraphs summarise certain aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of holding WT 
Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide. and should be treated with appropriate 
caution. They are based on current Jersey law and practice, possibly with retrospective effect. A prospective 
investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its particular circumstances 
resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the WT Securities and the receipt of payments 
thereon. 
 
 
1.2 
Income tax 
 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (as amended) (the 
“Jersey Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company, a specified utility company, a 
company in the cannabis industry, nor a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or 
supplying in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will 
(except as noted below) be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per cent. WT Securityholders (other 
than residents of Jersey) should not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale, redemption 
or other disposition of WT Securities. Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be 
subject to withholding for or on account of Jersey tax. 
 
1.3 
Stamp Duty 
 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance or capital 
transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, ownership, redemption, 
sale or other disposal of WT Securities. In the event of the death of an individual sole holder of WT Securities, 
duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the WT Securities held, subject to a cap of £100,000, may 
be payable on registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration which may be required in order to 
transfer or otherwise deal with WT Securities held by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
 
1.4 
Goods and services tax 
 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 
2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: (a) register as a taxable person pursuant 
to the GST Law; (b) charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or (c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax in 
Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
 
1.5 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
 
The United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation in 
the United States known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA, a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax may be imposed on payments of United States source income and certain payments of 
proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to United States source income, unless the Issuer 
complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity of, and certain other information about, 
direct and indirect United States holders of WT Securities issued by the Issuer to the United States Internal 
Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
WT Securities issued by the Issuer that fails to provide the required information to the Issuer may be subject 
to the 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to United 
States sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem any WT Securities held by such holder. On 13 
December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the US in respect of 
FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the Taxation (Implementation) 
(International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 2014. Although the Issuer will 
attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of such withholding tax, no assurance 
can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a 
withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on some or all WT Securities issued by the Issuer may be 
materially and adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all 
of the WT Securities held by one or more holders and/or may reduce the redemption proceeds payable to any 
holder of WT Securities. 
 
1.6 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) 
 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standards (“CRS”) to address the issue 
of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial 
institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial 
account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions obtain from reporting financial institutions, 
and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to 
all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting 
procedures. 
 
Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (Common 
Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS 
due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has committed to a common 
implementation timetable which has seen the first exchange of information in 2017 in respect of accounts 
open at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed to implement the new global standard. 
 
WT Securityholders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject an investor to 
liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of WT Securities. 
 
1.7 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to the Issuer, 
its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, both the level and basis 
of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
(BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the Issuer. Additionally, the interpretation and 
application of tax rules and customary practice to the Issuer, its assets and investors by any taxation authority 
or court may differ from that anticipated by the Issuer. Both could significantly affect returns to WT 
Securityholders. 
 
2. 
TAXATION IN SWITZERLAND  
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Products issued 
by the Issuer where the holder is a tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) Products 
where the paying agent, Custodian or securities dealer is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on 
legislation as of the date of this Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss 
tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in Products. The tax treatment for each investor 
depends on the particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisers as to 
the respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption 
of Products (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments on a Product are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax provided that the respective 
issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Income Taxation 
Products held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Structured Notes  
If a Product classifies as a structured note (i.e. a bond with an embedded derivative elements), its income 
taxation depends on whether the bond and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded 
separately from each other and whether the Product is classified as a structured note with or without a 
predominant one-time interest payment (a structured note is classified as a note with a predominant one-time 
interest payment if the one-time interest payment exceeds the sum of the periodic interest payments): 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded separately from the 
embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Product is classified as a non-transparent structured note and 
any return over the initial investment is classified as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative 
financial instruments generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance 
with the principles set forth below under "—Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-
time interest payment". 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the bond 
component and the incomes derived therefrom are recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) component and incomes, and the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment (see below "—Transparent derivative financial instruments 
with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then any such periodic interest payment and the non-
predominant one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when paid to the holder of the Product. A gain, including 
interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of a Product is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-
tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below "Capital Gains, Products held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss resident holder"). The same applies if the Product is redeemed except that interest accrued is taxed when 
paid. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the bond is 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity 
predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium and not from periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and, on the sale or 
redemption of the Product, the difference between the value of the bond at redemption or sale, as applicable, 
and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss 
Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of redemption or sale, issuance or purchase, respectively 
(modified differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income. A value decrease on the bond respectively 
realised on the sale or redemption of the Product may be offset against any gains (including periodic interest 
payments) realised within the same taxation period from all instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment. Any residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private 
capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below "Capital 
Gains, Products held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Product is classified as a pure bond without a 
predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium), 
Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if any, 
converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, including interest 
accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of a Product is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-
deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below "Capital Gains, Products held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss resident holder"). 
Low Exercise Price Options 
Low exercise price options are call options on shares with a low exercise price. According to the current practice 
of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, low exercise price options exist if the underlying value has been pre-
financed by at least 50% at the time of issuance. 
 
Low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding one year is classified as a pure derivative financial 
instrument and is subject to the tax treatment applicable to said instrument (see above " Pure Derivative Financial 
Products"). 
 
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year, the interest component of the low exercise 
price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes a taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as 
a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see below "Capital Gains, Products held as Private 
Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). 
 
Fund-like Products

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
A Product classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for Swiss tax 
purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital gains and losses (less 
costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported and distributed separately. Under 
such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Product as part of private assets only receives taxable 
income (which he or she must report annually) over such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is 
distributing the income realised on the underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is 
reinvesting the income realised on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less 
attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains 
realised on the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain and any respective loss on 
the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within a taxation 
period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interests) is exempt from income 
taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a non-tax-deductible capital loss (see 
below "Capital Gains, Products held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). 
Products held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Products as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in the case 
of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Switzerland, 
are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption 
of, such Products (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for the respective taxation period 
and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, qualify 
as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in 
securities. 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Products held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, a loss, respectively, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or 
other disposal of a Product held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax 
deductible capital loss, respectively, unless such individual is classified, for income tax purposes, as a 
"professional securities dealer" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in 
securities. If an individual is classified as a "professional securities dealer" he or she will be taxed in 
accordance with the principles set forth above under "Products held as Assets of a Swiss Business". In relation 
to the bifurcation of a tax-exempt capital gains component, non-tax deductible capital loss component, 
respectively, from taxable income components of a Product, see the bifurcation principles set forth above with 
regard to the different instruments under "Income Taxation, Products held as Private Assets by a Swiss 
resident holder"). 
Products held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Products held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the taxation 
principles set forth above under "Income Taxation, Products held as Swiss Business Assets"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Products are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of securities (primary market). 
 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
Dealings in Products (secondary market) which are classified as pure derivative financial instruments (such as 
pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, pure 
futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25%, static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five 
shares and with a fixed maturity on an annual redemption right) are not subject to the Swiss federal securities 
turnover tax. 
Dealings in Products (secondary market) which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which 
are classified as structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price warrants on shares with 
a maturity exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax 
of 0.3% on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal 
stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss federal 
turnover tax.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
The delivery of an underlying taxable security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Product is subject 
to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Products may be subject to cantonal 
and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her last domicile in 
Switzerland, if the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign deceased or resident 
person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and Products are held as part of such 
business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship 
between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. 
Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and inheritances collected by the surviving spouse and descendants 
are frequently exempt or taxed at very low rates (up to 7%). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated 
persons attract rates ranging from 20% to 55%. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property 
transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Products who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss resident 
holding Products as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is required to report 
Products as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and is subject to 
annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the Products), in the 
case of non-Swiss resident individual holding Products as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss 
permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated 
holders of Products are subject to cantonal and communal capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of non-
Swiss resident person holding Products as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate 
taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No net worth and capital taxes exist at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident holders 
A holder of a Product who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation year has 
not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent establishment in 
Switzerland, will in respect of such Product neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth 
or capital tax in Switzerland. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On November 19, 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the MCAA). The 
MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and is intended 
to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information (the AE01). The Federal Act on the 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the AE01 Act) entered into force on January 1, 
2017. The AE01 Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AE01 standard in Switzerland. 
The AE01 is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. The 
agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the principle 
of specialty (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax 
proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral AE01 agreement with the EU (replacing the EU savings tax agreement) 
and has concluded bilateral AE01 agreements with several non-EU countries. 
Based on such multilateral agreements and bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland began to collect data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Warrants, held 
in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the 
benefit of individuals resident in a EU member state or in a treaty state. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation of 
FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions are 
disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group 
requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred automatically in the 
absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the 
basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since 31 December 2023 (being the date of the most 
recently published audited financial statements of the Issuer) which may have or have had in the recent past 
a significant effect on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
 
2. The establishment of the Programme and the issuance of any Class of WT Securities under this Base 
Prospectus have been authorised by a resolution of WisdomTree Issuer X Limited dated 17 March 2021. 
 
3. The issuance of each of the classes of WT Securities were authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board 
passed. 
 
WisdomTree Bitcoin issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board passed on 25 November 
2019.  
 
WisdomTree Cardano issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board passed on 17 March 2022.  
 
WisdomTree Crypto Altcoins issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board passed on 19 
October 2021  
 
WisdomTree Crypto Market issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board passed on 19 
October 2021.  
 
WisdomTree Crypto Mega Cap Equal Weight issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board 
passed on 19 October 2021.  
 
WisdomTree Ethereum issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board passed on 25 January 
2021.  
 
WisdomTree Polkadot issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board passed on 17 March 2022.  
 
WisdomTree Solana issuance was authorised pursuant to resolution of the Board passed on 17 March 2022 
 
4. The issuance of any new Class of WT Securities under this Base Prospectus will be authorised pursuant to a 
resolution of the WisdomTree Issuer X Limited.  
 
a. 
The Issuer has applied for the WT Securities to be admitted to listing on each Relevant Stock Exchange 
specified in the Final Terms for such WT Securities. 
 
b. 
The Issuer may apply for the WT Securities to be admitted to listing or trading on any other exchange or 
market  of any or all classes on any such exchanges or markets in its discretion.  
 
c. 
The Issuer may resolve to introduce, from time to time, Additional Trading Lines to be admitted to listing 
on the Relevant Stock Exchange. In addition to USD, the issuer may list trading lines in EUR, CHF, GBP. 
 
5. WT Securities may be accepted for clearance through any Relevant Clearing System including CREST, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream, Frankfurt (which are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records). WT Securities will be cleared through the Relevant Clearing System in whole numbers 
of WT Securities only (for these purposes a WT Security may be referred to as a unit by the Relevant Clearing 
System). 
 
The address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London, EC4M 5SB. 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. 
 
6. Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
7. Each Business Day the Issuer will publish the Asset Entitlement of each Class of WT Securities on the Issuer’s 
Website as described under the heading Asset Entitlement — in the section titled “Overview of the 
Programme”. Save as aforesaid the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.   
 
8. The issue price and the amount of the relevant WT Securities will be determined before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Class based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide 
any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Classes of WT Securities except as described at 
paragraph 7 above.  
 
9. The Issuer’s financial statements will be presented in US dollars. The value of any assets and liabilities 
denominated in currencies other than US dollars will be converted into US dollars at rates quoted by 
independent sources. The Issuer Asset Accounts and any Underlying Asset(s) held in such accounts will 
constitute an asset of the Issuer. For the purposes of the valuation of the Issuer’s assets, the Underlying 
Asset(s) held in the Issuer Asset Accounts will be valued at the relevant market price as at the date of 
valuation. 
 
10. The securitised assets backing the issue, being the Underlying Asset(s) held in the Issuer Asset Accounts 
have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable 
on the WT Securities. In relation to each Class of WT Securities, the Issuer and the Trustee, as trustee for 
the WT Securityholders, will enter into a Security Document pursuant to which a Security over the Underlying 
Asset(s) received as proceeds for subscribing for the WT Securities is created or perfected in favour of the 
Trustee, for its benefit and the benefit of the WT Securityholders. For the avoidance of doubt, at no time shall 
Underlying Asset(s) include Prohibited Coins.  
 
11. For the duration of the Programme or so long as any WT Securities remain outstanding, copies of the following 
documents will be available for inspection by holders of WT Securities during normal business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer: 
a. 
the Memorandum and up to date Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
b. 
the Trust Deed (including any supplemental trust deeds); 
c. 
the Security Documents; 
d. 
the Authorised Participant Agreements; 
e. 
the audited financial statement for the period from and including 1 January 2023 to and as of 31 December 
2023, including the Issuer’s auditors report dated 19 April 2024;  
f. 
the audited financial statements for the period from and including 1 January 2022 to and as of 31 
December 2022, including the Issuer’s auditors report dated 26 April 2023;  
g. 
the future annual audited financial statements and half-yearly unaudited financial statements of the Issuer 
(once published); and 
h. 
the Prospectus and any relevant Schedule, Applicable Product Annex and Final Terms. 
 
12. Copies of the documents listed at 11(a) to (h) above are available free of charge from WisdomTree 
Management Jersey Limited, Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW.  
 
13. The documents listed at 11 (a) to (d) are available at the Issuer’s Website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-778F-4B7F-A4D5-D541C3EAABB3.  
 
14. The documents listed at 11 (e) to (g) are available at the Issuer’s Website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7. 
 
15. The documents listed at 11 (h) are available at the Issuer’s Website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-27C0C942-66BE-4BF3-89F6-FAB9C3EDC4E3.  
 
16. Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds  
The proceeds of any current and future particular issue of WT Securities will be delivered to an Issuer Asset 
Account and used as part of the security for the WT Securities of the applicable class(es). 
 
These proceeds will be reduced by the Management Fees (as described in more detail in the section of this 
Prospectus headed “Description of Digital Securities” at the paragraph of “What is the Coin Entitlement”) in 
order to pay the Manager in return for the services it provides. 
17. Jersey Regulatory Notices

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the purpose of 
the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they are investment 
products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge of, and experience in 
investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks involved in making such 
investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable them to sustain any loss that 
they might suffer as a result of making such investments. These investments are not regarded by the Jersey 
Financial Services Commission as suitable investments for any other type of investor. 
 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult his or her 
professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with making such an 
investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it. 
 
A copy of this Prospectus has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey in accordance with 
Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and he has given, and has not 
withdrawn, his consent to its circulation. The Jersey Financial Services Commission has given, and has not 
withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, to the 
issue of securities by the Issuer. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the Control of 
Borrowing (Jersey) Law, 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under 
that law. It must be distinctly understood that, in giving these consents, neither the Registrar of Companies 
nor the Jersey Financial Services Commission takes any responsibility for the financial soundness of the 
Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it.  
 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of WT Securities or other 
obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should be construed as advice on the merits of the 
purchase of or subscription for WT Securities or the exercise of any rights attached thereto for the purposes 
of the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as amended. 
 
The WT Securities may only be issued or allotted exclusively to: 
 
(a) a person whose ordinary activities involve him in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of his business or who is responsible to expect will 
acquire, hold, arrange or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of his business; 
or 
 
(b) a person who has received and acknowledged a warning to the effect that (i) the WT Securities are 
only suitable for acquisition by a person who (x) has a significantly substantial asset base such as 
would enable him to sustain any loss that might be incurred as a result of acquiring the WT Securities 
and (y) is sufficiently financially sophisticated to be reasonably expected to know the risks involved in 
acquiring the WT Securities and (ii) neither the Issuer nor the activities of any functionary with regard 
to the issue of the WT Securities are subject to all of the provisions of the Financial Services (Jersey) 
Law 1998. 
 
Each person who acquires WT Securities will be deemed, by such acquisition, to have represented that he or 
it is one of the foregoing persons 
 
18. Selling Restrictions  
The WT Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability, other than as indicated below. The 
following restrictions on offer and sales apply. 
 
United States 
 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer will not be 
required to register the offer and sale of WT Securities under the Securities Act, so that the Issuer will not 
have an obligation to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and related rules 
and to address certain considerations under the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended (“ERISA”), United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) and other 
considerations.  
 
WT Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable law 
of the United States. WT Securities are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-US persons 
in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S under the Securities Act or in 
transactions otherwise exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. In addition the Issuer 
has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment company under the Investment

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Company Act and related rules. WT Securities and any beneficial interest therein may not be reoffered, resold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred other than in “offshore transactions” (as such term is defined in Regulation 
S) to non-US Persons who are outside of the United States or pursuant to a valid exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act and in a transaction which would not require the Issuer to be subject to registration 
under the Investment Company Act.  
 
The WT Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning 
of section 3(3) of ERISA, subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of 
the Code applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the 
foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may 
be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject 
to any United States Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code (any such employee benefit plan, plan or entity, a “Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor”). If the Issuer determines that any WT Securityholder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer 
may redeem the WT Securities held by that WT Securityholder in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
9.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) set out in the Terms and Conditions of the WT Securities section. 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of WT Securities and on the distribution of this Prospectus are set out 
in paragraph 3 of section. 
  
 
United Kingdom and Jersey, Channel Islands 
 
In January 2020, the UK Financial Conduct Authority issued rules prohibiting MIFID-regulated firms from 
offering or selling exchange-traded securities that track the price of digital assets to retail investors.  
  
In March 2024, the UK Financial Conduct Authority released a statement confirming that it would no longer 
object to the creation of UK listed market segments being opened for cryptoasset-backed exchange traded 
securities, provided such segments were available only to professional investors. Subsequently, the London 
Stock Exchange established two new segments for Bitcoin and Ethereum physically-backed exchange-traded 
securities. No other types of cryptoasset-backed exchange traded securities can be listed at the London Stock 
Exchange at this time, and currently. 
  
The Issuer has produced a separate, UK Financial Conduct Authority approved prospectus for the listing of 
such securities in the United Kingdom (the “UK Prospectus”).  
  
As such, (a) only the UK Prospectus can be used for the admittance of certain securities for listing in the 
United Kingdom, (b) the Digital Securities issued pursuant to this Prospectus may only be offered or sold to 
investors who are professional investors pursuant to MIFID in the United Kingdom, Jersey and Channel 
Islands and (c) no offer to the public (i.e. to retail investors) in the United Kingdom is permitted under either 
such prospectus.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Data Protection Notice 
 
Introduction 
 
By completing the application or the Redemption Order, you are providing personal data to the Issuer. This 
Data Protection Notice is intended to ensure that you are aware of what personal data the Issuer, as data 
controller, holds in relation to you and how that data is used. The Issuer will use your personal data only for 
the purposes and in the manner set forth below which describes the steps taken to ensure our processing of 
your personal data is in compliance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 as replaced by the General 
Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) ("GDPR") and any implementing legislation ("Data Protection 
Legislation"). 
 
The Issuer has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to Article 27 
of the General Data Protection Regulation, and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative in the UK 
pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018. 
 
Please note: you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where that 
processing is carried out for our legitimate interests. 
 
Scope 
 
This Data Protection Notice applies to you and to third parties whose information you provide to us in 
connection with our relationship with you. Please ensure that you provide a copy of this Data Protection Notice 
to any third parties whose personal data you provide to us. This Data Protection Notice applies to all personal 
data processed by us regardless of the media on which it is stored. The Issuer may update this Data Protection 
Notice at any time and will notify you in writing of any changes. 
 
Nature, Purpose & Legal Basis for Processing 
 
Personal data is any data relating to a living person who can be identified directly from that data, or indirectly 
in conjunction with other information. The Issuer will hold some or all of the following types of personal data: 
name, address, bank details, email address, telephone number. This personal data will be used for the 
purposes of administration, transfer agency, statistical analysis and research, in particular: 
 
1. 
to manage and administer the investor’s holding in the Issuer and any related accounts on an on- 
going basis; 
 
2. 
to carry out statistical analysis and market research. 
 
Personal data will only be processed to the extent necessary for the purposes set out above for the Issuer's 
legitimate business interests. The Issuer will also process personal data as necessary to comply with legal 
obligations. The Issuer will inform you in advance if we intend to further process your personal data for a 
purpose other than as set out above. The Issuer may also seek your specific consent to the processing of 
personal data for other specific purposes.  You will have the right to withdraw such consent at any time. 
 
Where you do not provide your Personal Data 
 
If you do not provide us with your personal data, the Issuer may not be able to process your investor 
application. The Issuer will tell you when we ask for information which is a contractual requirement or needed 
to comply with our legal obligations. 
 
Recipients of Investor Personal Data 
 
Your personal data will be disclosed to, and processed by, the Manager (who will be a Data Processor of your 
personal data, as defined in Data Protection Legislation) for the purposes of carrying out the services of 
administrator and registrar of the Issuer and to comply with legal obligations including under company law 
and anti-money laundering legislation or foreign regulatory requirements. The Manager may in turn disclose 
your personal data to agents or other third parties where necessary to carry out these purposes.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
The Issuer may also disclose your personal data to:  
 
• 
the money laundering reporting officer, the Determination Agent, and our or their duly 
authorised agents and related, associated or affiliated companies; 
 
• 
agents of the Manager who process the data for anti-money laundering purposes or for 
compliance with foreign regulatory requirements. 
 
• 
other third parties including financial advisors, regulatory bodies, auditors, technology 
providers. 
The Issuer takes all reasonable steps, as required by Data Protection Legislation, to ensure the safety, privacy 
and integrity of your personal data and where appropriate, enter into contracts with such third parties to protect 
the privacy and integrity of such data and any information supplied. 
 
Transfers of Personal Data outside the EEA 
 
The Issuer may transfer your personal data to countries outside of Jersey (including the U.S.) which may not 
have the same data protection laws as Jersey. The Issuer will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure 
that your personal data is treated securely, and that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the 
privacy and integrity of such personal data, in accordance with Data Protection Legislation. Please contact 
the Issuer if you wish to obtain information concerning such safeguards (see 'Contact Us' below). 
 
Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Data 
 
The Issuer takes all reasonable steps as required by Data Protection Legislation to ensure the safety, privacy 
and integrity of your personal data. The Issuer will retain your personal data only for so long as is necessary 
to carry out the purposes set out above and to comply with any legal obligations. 
 
Your Rights 
 
You have a right to obtain a copy of, and the right to rectify any inaccuracies in, the personal data we hold 
about you by making a request to us in writing. You also have the right to request erasure, restriction, 
portability or object to the processing of your personal data or not to be subject to a decision based on 
automated processing, including profiling. You should inform us of any changes to your personal data.  Any 
requests made under this section can be made using the details set out at 'Contact Us' below. We will respond 
to your request in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as practicable and in any event not more than one 
month after receipt of your request. 
 
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner if unhappy with 
how your personal data is being handled. 
 
Contact Us 
 
If you have any queries regarding this data protection notice, please contact the Issuer at 
GDPR@wisdomtree.com.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
 
Directors of the Issuer 
Hilary Jones 
Alan Baird 
Peter Ziemba 
Bryan Governey 
 
All the Directors are non-executive 
 
Registered office of the Issuer and address 
of directors and secretary of the Issuer 
 
28 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 2QP 
Channel Islands  
Tel: +44 (0) 1534 825200 
 
Administrator 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited  
28 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 2QP 
Channel Islands  
 
Custodian(s) 
Swissquote Bank Ltd 
Chemin de la Crétaux 33 
CH-1196 Gland, Switzerland 
 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC 
348 3rd St, 434 
Oakland 
CA 9460 
United States of America 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
 
English Legal Advisers to the Issuer  
Reed Smith LLP 
Broadgate Tower 
20 Primrose Street 
London EC2A 2RS 
United Kingdom 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers to the Issuer 
Mourant Ozannes (Jersey) LLP 
22 Grenville Street 
St Helier, Jersey  
JE4 8PX  
Channel Islands 
 
Swiss Legal Advisers to the Issuer and 
Representative under Article 43 of the 
Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
Lenz & Staehelin 
Route de Chêne 30 
CH-1211 Geneva 17 
Switzerland 
 
Swiss Listing/Paying Agent 
State Street Bank International GmbH 
Beethovenstrasse 19 
8027 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
English Legal Adviser to the Trustee 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Swedish Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
AG Advokat 
Regeringsgatan 38 
P.O. Box 3124 
SE103 62 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Liberation House 
Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1EY 
Channel Islands 
 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) 
Limited 
13 Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey 
JE1 1ES 
Channel Islands

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
SCHEDULE A: DIGITAL SECURITIES 
 
Information specific to each Class of WT Securities are contained in the Schedule relevant to that particular Class 
of WT Security.  
This Schedule, in conjunction with the Prospectus, is intended to provide a prospective investor with the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Digital Securities to enable them to make an informed 
assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer; and 
(ii) the rights attaching to the Digital Securities.  
The rights attaching to the Digital Securities are contained in the Conditions, set out under the heading 
“Conditions” under Terms and Conditions of the WT Securities set out in the Prospectus, and the Applicable 
Product Annex, which in the case of Digital Securities is Annex A, which is reproduced in Section D to this 
Schedule. 
 
This Schedule A to the Prospectus relates to the Digital Securities and is constituted by the following sub-
sections: 
A. 
Description of Digital Securities 
B. 
Digital Currency Market Overview 
C. 
The Indices 
D. 
The Custodian, Custody and Custody Agreements 
E. 
Annex A: Digital Securities Annex to the Terms and Conditions 
F. 
Form of Final Terms for Digital Securities  
 
Unless otherwise stated in this Schedule, capitalized terms shall have the meanings given to them in the 
“Conditions” in the Terms and Conditions and Annex A thereto (which is reproduced in Section E to this 
Schedule).

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
A. 
DESCRIPTION OF DIGITAL SECURITIES 
 
 
The following is a description of Digital Securities, as supplemented by the Final Terms. The rights attaching 
to the Digital Securities are contained in the Conditions, set out under the heading “Conditions” under Terms 
and Conditions of the WT Securities set out in the Prospectus, and the Applicable Product Annex, which in 
the case of Digital Securities is Annex A, which is reproduced in Section E to this Schedule. Copies of the 
Conditions and the Trust Deed, by which the Digital Securities will be constituted, are available for inspection 
as set out in paragraph 9 (Documents Available for Inspection) of the General Information section of the 
Prospectus. 
 
A Digital Security is an undated secured limited recourse debt obligation of the Issuer. Digital Securities are 
intended to provide investors with a return equivalent to holding the Digital Currency or the Digital Currencies 
comprising an Index, less any applicable fees. All Digital Securities are secured by the relevant Digital 
Currency which is deposited with one or more Custodians appointed by the Issuer for the storage of such 
Digital Currency. All Digital Securities rank equally with all other Digital Securities of the same Class. The 
Digital Securities are freely transferable. 
 
Application will be made for the Digital Securities to be admitted for listing on the official list (where applicable) 
of each Relevant Stock Exchange specified in the Final Terms of such Digital Securities, and to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market thereof. 
 
The Issuer may make applications for certain of the Digital Securities to be listed or traded on certain other 
regulated markets. 
 
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Class of Digital Securities will be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For an investor purchasing Digital Securities on a Relevant Stock Exchange or in private transactions (OTC), 
the amount of return is equal to the difference between: a) the ‘bid price’ at which the relevant Digital Securities 
are purchased; and b) the ‘offer price’ at which the same Digital Securities are subsequently sold. 
 
Security  
 
The Issuer will put in place Security Documents for each Class of Digital Securities, which contain the security 
provisions applicable to each Class of Digital Securities. The Security Documents secure the relevant 
Underlying Assets, the rights to those Underlying Assets, and the Issuer Cash Account into which proceeds 
from the Underlying Assets are deposited. The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under each Security 
Document are held by the Trustee on trust for the Secured Parties of that particular Class.  
 
Upon enforcement of the relevant Security Documents, the proceeds, after taking account of any Taxes, 
derived from the realisation of the Underlying Assets will be applied as follows: 
 
a. Firstly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Digital Securities of the relevant Class to the Trustee 
or any receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Security Document (which shall include, without 
limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar 
Tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the 
Security constituted by each applicable Security Document and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
 
b. Secondly, in payment of the Redemption Amount owing to the WT Securityholders of the relevant 
Class pari passu and rateably; and   
 
c. Thirdly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
 
Settlement 
 
Relevant Clearing System 
 
At the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is a participating issuer in the Relevant Clearing System, a paperless 
system for the settlement of transfers and holding of securities and Digital Securities are issued and redeemed 
through the Relevant Clearing System. 
 
In Switzerland, all Digital Securities will be settled through SIX SIS SA. As such, investors will have to rely on 
the Relevant Clearing System and SIX SIS SA rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
Settlement of creations and redemptions 
 
The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on the SIX Swiss Exchange is two business days (i.e. 
T+2, where T represents the day an Application for the creation of Digital Securities is made or the day a 
Redemption Form requesting Redemption of Digital Securities is submitted). 
 
On creation or redemption of the Digital Securities directly with the Issuer on the primary market, settlement 
will occur (provided certain conditions are met) on the second business day following receipt of the relevant 
creation or redemption request (i.e. T+2). The Issuer may permit creation or redemption requests to be made 
on a shorter timescale whereby settlement will occur (provided certain conditions are met) earlier than the 
second business day following receipt of the relevant request. In the case of Index Digital Securities, settlement 
cannot occur during a Rebalancing Period and will be postponed until the first Business Day after the end of 
the Rebalancing Period. 
 
A Digital Security will only be issued upon receipt of a valid application order and after the relevant Digital 
Currenc(ies) which the Custodians have confirmed meets the relevant standards has been transferred into the 
Issuer’s accounts at the relevant Custodian. A Digital Security will only be cancelled upon receipt of a valid 
Redemption Form and the delivery of the Digital Securities whereupon the Digital Currenc(ies) will be 
transferred out of the Issuer’s accounts at the relevant Custodians. 
 
Applications 
 
Who is permitted to apply for Digital Securities? 
 
Authorised Participants may make an Application Order through the System, in accordance with the 
Authorised Participant Agreement.  
 
The Issuer may give Notice that persons other than Authorised Participants, in respect of a relevant Class of 
Digital Securities, are permitted to apply for such Class of Digital Securities directly with the Issuer. Any such 
notice may be general or subject to conditions, and any application for such Class of Digital Securities which 
is not in accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
 
Making an application for Digital Securities 
 
To create the Digital Securities, an Application is made by the Authorised Participant by way of an Application 
Order. The Issuer expects that all Application Orders will be made exclusively using the System. 
 
In the event that the System is affected by an interruption, failure or breakdown and the Authorised Participant 
cannot make any Application Orders using the System, the Issuer will implement an alternative process by 
which Application Orders may be made. The Issuer will notify the Authorised Participant of the alternative 
process as soon as reasonably practicable. Application Orders cannot be made and will not be valid if the 
Application Order cannot be made using the System and the Issuer has not notified the Authorised Participant 
of an alternative process. 
 
By lodging an Application Order through the System, the Authorised Participant confirms and agrees that: (a) 
it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this document; 
(b) no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for any 
information or representation not contained in this document; and (c) it understands that Digital Securities are 
direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone.  
 
Application Orders in respect of Digital Securities are subject to minimum and/or maximum notional values as 
set out in the Business Rules. The minimum notional value amount for each application for WT Securities 
must be in an amount of not less than US$50,000.  
 
The method of making an application for a person who is not an Authorised Participant will be set out the 
Notice permitting such application. 
 
Physical Application 
 
A diagrammatic representation of the process of the creation of Digital Securities whereby the Digital 
Currency(ies) are physically delivered to the Issuer is as follows:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
  
 
 
A proposed WT Securityholder of Digital Securities must deliver the relevant Digital Currenc(ies) meeting the 
requirements as set out by the relevant Custodians equal to the aggregate Coin Entitlement for such Digital 
Securities  into the accounts at the Custodians. Only once all of the Digital Currenc(ies) have been received 
will the Issuer create the relevant Digital Securities and deliver them to the proposed WT Securityholder via 
the Relevant Clearing System (such as CREST).  
 
Cash Applications 
 
After the Issuer giving a Notice, in respect of a relevant Class of Digital Securities, that WT Securityholders 
may apply for such Class of Digital Securities by delivering cash or a specified type of Digital Currency to the 
Issuer (rather than the appropriate amount(s) of the Digital Currency(ies)) in accordance with the conditions 
prescribed in such Notice. 
 
Redemptions 
 
Entitlement on Redemption 
 
Each Digital Security carries (i) a right on an Optional Redemption to delivery (in accordance with the 
Redemption Delivery Procedures) of an amount equal to the Redemption Amount on the applicable Optional 
Redemption Settlement Date; and (ii) a right on a Compulsory Redemption to delivery in accordance with the 
Compulsory Redemption Delivery Procedures of an amount equal to the Redemption Amount on the applicable 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date. Digital Securities do not bear interest.  
 
Optional Redemptions 
 
Who is permitted to redeem Digital Securities? 
 
An Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of Digital Securities by 
lodging with the Issuer a valid Redemption Form and by making an Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities. 
 
Redemption Orders in respect of the Digital Securities are subject to the Optional Redemption Limits as set 
out in the Business Rules.  
 
A WT Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its 
holding of Digital Securities, by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Form and by making an Acceptable 
Delivery of WT Securities, if, either:  
 
1) on any Business Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and the WT Securityholder lodges on such 
day a valid Redemption Form; or  
 
2) the Issuer has given Notice that such Redemptions will be permitted. Any such announcement may be 
general or subject to conditions, and any notice requesting any Redemption which is not in accordance 
with any such conditions shall not be valid.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
At the date of this Prospectus the Issuer has not given a notice described in (2) above. 
 
How to request a redemption? 
 
An Authorised Participant, or a WT Securityholder if permitted, must submit a valid Redemption Form, which 
must: 
 
1) specify the number and Class of Digital Securities to be redeemed;  
 
2) relate to only one Class of Digital Securities; 
  
3) be signed by, or by an authorised signatory on behalf of, the WT Securityholder; save where the 
Redemption Form has been submitted through the System, 
 
4) must provide all forms of documentation required for the purposes of any compliance and identification 
checks;  
 
5) specify a WT Securityholder Account if applicable; 
 
6) confirm the WT Securityholder is not a Prohibited WT Securityholder, where the WT Securityholders who 
are not also Authorised Participants have elected Physical Redemption; 
 
7) comply with any additional requirements specified in any notice made by the Issuer;  
 
8) elect the relevant Redemption Delivery Procedures as set out in the Applicable Product Annex; and   
 
9) acknowledge that the Redemption Form is irrevocable once it has been lodged with the Issuer.   
 
Timings requirements for delivery of Redemption Forms and Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities 
 
A WT Securityholder must deposit the Digital Securities being Redeemed with the Issuer by not later than 
12.00 p.m. (London time) on the day prior to the Optional Redemption Settlement Date, unless otherwise 
allowed by the Issuer, and the transfer of the Redemption Amount will only be made after the Administrator 
or Registrar (as applicable) has confirmed to the Custodian(s) receipt of the Digital Securities.  
 
Redemption Orders lodged with the Issuer by 4.30 p.m. on a Business Day with the Digital Securities 
deposited by 12.00 p.m. the next Business Day will generally enable an Authorised Participant to receive their 
Digital Currency the Business Day following the receipt of the Digital Securities (unless that day falls during 
the Rebalancing Period, in which case, an Authorised Participant will generally receive their Digital Currency 
on the first Business Day following the end of the Rebalancing Period).  
 
Where the Issuer has permitted a “T+1” Redemption Order, an Authorised Participant will be able to receive 
their Digital Currency the Business Day after lodging the Redemption Order (unless that day falls during the 
Rebalancing Period, in which case, an Authorised Participant will receive their Digital Currency on the first 
Business Day following the end of the Rebalancing Period) if, Redemption Orders are lodged with the Issuer 
by 12.00 p.m. on a Business Day with the Digital Securities deposited by 2.30 p.m. on the same Business 
Day. 
 
Redemption Orders lodged after 4.30 p.m. on a Business Day will be treated as having been lodged on the 
next Business Day. 
 
Large redemptions may have their Settlement Date delayed. 
 
How will redemptions be effected?  
 
Optional Redemption 
 
An Optional Redemption will be effected by way of Physical Redemption or Cash Redemption. 
 
Physical Redemption 
 
A diagrammatic representation of the process for a Redemption of the Digital Securities whereby the Issuer 
delivers the Digital Currency(ies) to the Authorised Participant or the WT Securityholder is as follows:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
Delivery of the Redemption Amount shall be made by the Issuer, through the relevant Custodian(s), by 
withdrawing the relevant Digital Currency(ies) from the applicable Secured Custody Account at the relevant 
Custodian(s) in an amount equal to the Redemption Amount, and transferring it to the relevant WT 
Securityholder Account, to be delivered to such account on the Optional Redemption Settlement Date. 
 
Settlement of a Redemption of Digital Securities will be delayed if the WT Securityholder fails to deposit the 
Digital Securities into an appropriate account with the Relevant Clearing System. 
 
Cash Redemptions 
 
A WT Securityholder may, following the Issuer giving Notice, redeem Digital Securities by way of accepting 
cash from the Issuer (rather than the appropriate amount(s) of the Digital Currency(ies)) in accordance with 
the conditions prescribed in such notice. 
 
Payment of the Redemption Amount will be made by the Issuer by instructing the sale of the Digital 
Currenc(ies) attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Digital Securities in an 
amount equal to the sum of, in respect of each Digital Currency forming part of the Secured Property in respect 
of such Digital Securities, the product of (i) the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency comprising 
the Coin Entitlement for such Class of Digital Securities and (ii) the number of Digital Securities subject to the 
Redemption. The Issuer will transfer the Redemption Amount to the WT Securityholder Account on the 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date.  
 
The Issuer will transfer the Redemption Amount to the relevant WT Securityholder through a Relevant 
Clearing System. 
 
The Issuer will only transfer the Redemption Amount to the WT Securityholder subject to the WT 
Securityholder having made Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities provided that if the WT Securityholder fails 
to have made an Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities, the Issuer may retain the proceeds otherwise payable 
until the WT Securityholder has made an Acceptable Delivery of WT Securities, and only thereafter remit such 
proceeds (which may be without interest, which may be for the account of the Issuer) to the WT Securityholder. 
 
Compulsory Redemption 
 
Compulsory Cash Redemption 
 
The Issuer or, following an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Trustee will, on the Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date instruct the sale of the relevant Digital Currenc(ies) attributable to or forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect of the Digital Securities subject to such Compulsory Redemption in an amount 
equal to the sum of, in respect of each Digital Currency forming part of the Secured Property in respect of 
such Digital Securities, the product of (i) the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency comprising

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
the Coin Entitlement for such Class of Digital Securities and (ii) the number of Digital Securities subject to the 
Compulsory Redemption, calculated as at the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date.  
 
The Issuer will transfer the Redemption Amount to the relevant WT Securityholder on the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date through a Relevant Clearing System. 
 
Compulsory Physical Redemptions 
 
The Issuer may give Notice (which is withdrawable) that Compulsory Physical Redemptions by WT 
Securityholders will be permitted, any such announcement may be general or subject to conditions. 
 
If a WT Securityholder satisfies the conditions as set out the applicable notice, payment of the Redemption 
Amount will be made by the Issuer, through the relevant Custodian(s), by withdrawing the relevant Digital 
Currency(ies) from the applicable Secured Custody Account at the relevant Custodian(s) in an amount equal 
to the Redemption Amount, to the relevant WT Securityholder Account, to be delivered to such account on 
the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date.  
 
What is a WT Securityholder entitled to? 
 
A Digital Security entitles an Authorised Participant, or if permitted pursuant to a Notice, a WT Securityholder 
to require the redemption of the security and to receive the Redemption Amount. The method to calculate the 
Redemption Amount is set out in the Applicable Product Annex. 
 
The Redemption Amount shall be calculated as at the Optional Redemption Settlement Date or Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date, as applicable, and this amount shall be calculated to the precision as specified 
by the Delivery Precision Level. 
 
What is the Principal Amount? 
 
Each Digital Security has a face value, the “Principal Amount”, which is the denomination for a Digital Security 
of the relevant Class. The Principal Amount of each Class of Digital Security is set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
What is the Coin Entitlement? 
 
For each Class of Digital Security, the Issuer publishes a Coin Entitlement for a Class of Digital Security on 
each Business Day specifying the quantities and type(s) of Digital Currencies that comprise the Coin 
Entitlement for a Class of Digital Security rather than a value in cash terms. The Coin Entitlement in respect of 
a Digital Security is a quantity of Digital Currency(ies) which is used to determine the Redemption Amount that 
a WT Securityholder is entitled to on redemption of a Digital Security. The quantity of Digital Currency(ies) held 
in respect of each Digital Security will reduce daily by the Management Fee (payable by the Issuer to the 
Manager in return for the services it provides) and the Capital Adjustment Factor (as determined by the 
Determination Agent) and will be adjusted by the Weight Adjustment Factor on each Rebalancing Date (if any). 
 
Each Class of Digital Security will have a Coin Entitlement as follows: 
 
(a) 
The initial Coin Entitlement on the Issue Date for first tranche of Digital Securities of a Class will 
be as set out in the Final Terms for that tranche of that Class of Digital Securities. 
 
(b) 
For any day following the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Digital Securities, the Coin 
Entitlement for each Class of Digital Security will be calculated daily to the Coin Entitlement 
Precision Level (as specified in the Final Terms) as per the following formula: 
 
CE(i,t) = ∑ 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑖𝑖,𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡)
𝑗𝑗
 
 
 
 
Where: 
 
 
 
i            refers to the relevant Class of Digital Security; 
j 
refers to each Digital Currency comprised in the Coin Entitlement for the relevant Class 
of Digital Securities on day t; and 
t           refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day).

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 ICE(i,j,t) 
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency comprised in the Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Class of Digital Securities on day t. 
 
(c) 
For any day following the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Digital Securities, the Individual 
Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency comprised in the Coin Entitlement for the relevant 
Class of Digital Security will be calculated daily, to the Coin Entitlement Precision Level (as 
specified in the Final Terms), as per the following formula: 
 
ICE(i,j,t) = ICE(i,j,t-1) x ((1 - MF(i,t) - CA(i,t)))1/365 + WA(i,j,t-1) 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant Class of Digital Security; 
j 
refers to each Digital Currency comprised the Coin Entitlement for the relevant Class 
of Digital Securities on day t; 
t 
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day);  
ICE(i,j,t) 
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency j comprised in the Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Class of Digital Securities on day t; 
ICE(i,j,t-1) is the Individual Coin Entitlement to each Digital Currency j comprised in the Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Class of Digital Securities on the day preceding day t; 
MF(i,t) 
 is the per annum Management Fee applicable to the relevant Class of Digital 
Securities on day t, expressed as a decimal (so that by way of example 95 basis points 
per annum is expressed as 0.0095);  
CA(i,t) 
is the per annum Capital Adjustment Factor which is applicable to the relevant Class 
of Digital Securities on day t, expressed as a decimal (so that by way of example 50 
basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0050);   
WA(i,j,t-1) is WA(i,j,t) on the day preceding day t; and 
WA(i,j,t) 
is the Weight Adjustment Factor for each Digital Currency j comprised in the Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Class of Digital Securities on day t provided that the Weight 
Adjustment Factor for each Digital Currency j in respect of any day (other than any 
Rebalancing Date) shall be zero;  
In the event that a Digital Security continuously trades at a significant premium or discount (i.e. +/-2 per cent. 
or more for seven consecutive trading days) to the indicative price (in line with section titled ‘Converting Coin 
Entitlement into an indicative price’ of the Prospectus) for such Digital Security, the Issuer will use  reasonable 
endeavours to make disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable about the key factors that it believes may 
have materially contributed to the premium or discount (as applicable) on its website (www.wisdomtree.com). 
 
Management Fee 
 
The Management Fee for each Class of Digital Security is applied to the Individual Coin Entitlement in respect 
of each Digital Currency of the relevant Class. The rate of the Management Fee for each Class of Digital 
Security is as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The rate of the Management Fee in respect of any class or classes of Digital Security may be varied by the 
Issuer from time to time. If the Management Fee is amended, such amendment will be notified through a 
Notice, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 5 days following the publication of such 
notification. 
 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Security accrues daily and is aggregated and payable in Digital 
Currency to the Manager.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Capital Adjustment Factor 
 
The Capital Adjustment Factor in respect of a Class of Digital Securities and on a particular day is an amount 
determined by the Determination Agent and adjusted from time to time, without notice, to reflect items 
including, but not limited to: (i) costs associated with the provision of the Programme in respect of that class 
of Digital Securities, such as changes in custody costs or insurance, transaction costs, (ii) extraordinary events 
which may arise in respect of the Digital Currency and/or the Class of Digital Securities, such as Fork Events 
and Airdrop Events, or (iii) a proportion of the profit or benefit received by the Issuer as a result of holding 
Digital Currencies (including but not limited to profits or benefits received by the Issuer by engaging in Proof-
of-Staking activities (if "Staking Arrangement" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Class of Digital 
Securities)). 
 
Weight Adjustment Factor 
 
The Weight Adjustment Factor in respect of a Class of Index Digital Securities is a value as determined by 
the Determination Agent and adjusted from time to time, without notice, to reflect the change to the 
composition, quantities and weightings of Digital Currenc(ies) comprising the Coin Entitlement in respect of a 
Class of Index Digital Securities during a Rebalancing Period. This Weight Adjustment Factor will also 
incorporate the outcome of the rebalancing trades, including execution fees and slippage. The Weight 
Adjustment Factor in respect of any other Class of Digital Securities or, in respect of a Class of Index Digital 
Securities, on any day that is not a Rebalancing Day, shall be zero. 
 
 
What are the Redemption Deductions? 
 
The Execution Fee (as defined in the Applicable Product Annex) will be deducted upon Redemption.  
 
In the event that the WT Securityholder elects for, or is required to accept, Cash Redemption or Compulsory 
Cash Redemption (as applicable), any Redemption Deductions will be calculated in respect of each Digital 
Currency comprising the Coin Entitlement for a Class of Digital Securities and  deducted in the relevant Base 
Currency. In the event that the WT Securityholder elects for Physical Redemption or Compulsory Physical 
Redemption (as applicable), any Redemption Deductions will be deducted in the relevant Digital Currency(ies) 
(such conversions to be calculated in accordance with the Base Currency Equivalent and Coin Equivalent for 
each Digital Currency at the Optional Redemption Settlement Date or Compulsory Redemption Settlement 
Date (as appropriate)). 
 
Publication of Coin Entitlement 
 
The Issuer will arrange for publication on the Issuer’s Website at http://www.wisdomtree.eu of the current Coin 
Entitlement for each Class of Digital Security in issue. In certain circumstances, the publication of the Coin 
Entitlement for a Class of Index Digital Securities may be postponed or delayed.  This may occur, for example, 
if a Calculation Disruption occurs during a Rebalancing Period which prevents the Issuer or the Determination 
Agent on its behalf from being able to determine the Weight Adjustment Factor for such Rebalancing Date. 
 
Worked example of a calculation of the Coin Entitlement 
 
Taking as an example a Digital Security for which "Index Security" is not specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, with a Management Fee of 0.95 per cent. per annum, a Capital Adjustment Factor of zero and a 
Weight Adjustment Factor of 0, and assuming that the Coin Entitlement for this Class of Digital Securities on 
the last day that it was calculated was 0.01 Bitcoin, then the Coin Entitlement of such Digital Currency for the 
day t, calculated as per a Coin Entitlement Precision Level of 12 decimal figures, would be: 
 
CE(i, j, t) =  0.01 Bitcoin × (1 −0.0095)ቀ1
365ቁ =  0.01 Bitcoin × (0.999974) =   0.009999738485 Bitcoin 
 
Converting Coin Entitlement into an indicative price 
 
For each Digital Currency there may be multiple available reference prices in the market. The Issuer uses the 
CME Group (“CME”) price as a reference price by which to provide, on each day an indicative monetary value 
for the Coin Entitlement for WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin and WisdomTree Physical Ethereum and for other 
Digital Securities (other than Index Digital Securities) the Issuer may use the CME price or another reference 
price to provide an indicative monetary value as a reference for such Digital Securities.   
 
In respect of a Class of Index Digital Securities, the Issuer intends to use the calculation agent for the relevant 
Index (as specified in the Final Terms) to provide an indicative monetary value as a reference for Index Digital

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Security.  
 
Description of the CME reference price 
 
CME (www.cmegroup.com) and Crypto Facilities Ltd, a Cryptocurrency Exchange and Indices provider (that 
is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom) have partnered to 
develop standardised cryptocurrency reference rates and real-time indices. Each reference rate and real-time 
index represent transparent indicators with independent governance and oversight and in partnership, they 
build on this experience to accelerate the professionalisation of cryptocurrency trading. 
 
CME CF Cryptocurrency Reference Rates are calculated based on the transactions of all constituent 
exchanges included in the index (the “CME Relevant Transactions”). The calculation steps are described as 
follows:  
 
• 
All CME Relevant Transactions are added to a joint list, recording the trade price and size for each 
transaction. 
• 
The list is partitioned into a number of equally-sized time intervals. 
• 
For each partition separately, the volume-weighted median trade price is calculated from the trade 
prices and sizes of all CME Relevant Transactions. A volume-weighted median differs from a 
standard median in that a weighting factor, in this case trade size, is factored into the calculation. 
• 
The CME CF Cryptocurrency Reference Rate is then given by the equally-weighted average of the 
volume-weighted medians of all partitions. 
 
Each of the CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate and the CME CF Ethereum Reference rate is a benchmark 
subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 
(the “Benchmark Regulation”). 
 
Potential investors should note that the Coin Entitlement for a Digital Security is not a benchmark subject to 
the Benchmark Regulation. The Issuer is not an administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 
of the Benchmark Regulation. Nor is any administrator registered in said register participating in the calculation 
of the Con Entitlement or any other value or amount made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Digital 
Securities. 
 
CME GROUP MARKET DATA IS USED UNDER LICENSE AS A SOURCE OF INFORMATION FOR 
CERTAIN WISDOMTREE ISSUER X LIMITED PRODUCTS. CME GROUP HAS NO OTHER CONNECTION 
TO WISDOMTREE ISSUER X LIMITED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND DOES NOT SPONSOR, 
ENDORSE, RECOMMEND OR PROMOTE ANY WISDOMTREE ISSUER X LIMITED PRODUCTS OR 
SERVICES. CME GROUP HAS NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
WISDOMTREE ISSUER X LIMITED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. CME GROUP DOES NOT GUARANTEE 
THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF ANY MARKET DATA LICENSED TO WISDOMTREE 
ISSUER X LIMITED AND SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR 
INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN. THERE ARE NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN CME GROUP AND WISDOMTREE ISSUER X LIMITED. 
The CME reference price is used for an indicative value only and is not used by the Issuer for the preparation 
of its official financial statements. 
Worked Example of Converting Coin Entitlement into a price 
 
Whilst Digital Securities are created and redeemed by the Issuer at the Coin Entitlement, it is also possible to 
calculate what the cash value of the Digital Securities in US dollars was on a particular day. This is done by 
determining the market price for that type of digital currency on that day calculated by reference to one of the 
available Digital Currency indices. There are a number of currency indices available to a WT Securityholder 
to use for the purpose of valuing their investment. The index price and Coin Entitlement are then used in the 
following formula to convert the Coin Entitlement into a price: 
 
𝑃𝑃(𝑖𝑖, 𝑡𝑡) = ෍𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑖𝑖,𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡)  ×  𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑖𝑖,𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡)
𝑗𝑗
 
 
 
To calculate the price on a particular day (represented in the formula above by P(i,t)), the market price for each

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Digital Currency with reference to one of the available indices on that day (represented in the formula by IP(i,j,t)) 
is multiplied by the Individual Coin Entitlement (ICE(i,j,t)) for each Digital Currency j comprised in the Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Digital Securities on that day) to create a figure in US dollars. 
 
For example, if the market price for Bitcoin on that day was $4,000, the Digital Security’s Individual Coin 
Entitlement for Bitcoin was 0.01 Bitcoin and Bitcoin is the only Digital Currency comprised in the Coin 
Entitlement for that Digital Security, then applying these figures to the calculation above would create a price 
of $40 as follows: 
 
$40 = $4,000 × 0.01  
 
If the Digital Security is an Index Digital Security, such Digital Security’s Coin Entitlement was 0.005 Bitcoin 
and 0.005 Ether and the market price for Bitcoin and Ether on that day was $4,000 and $2,000 respectively, 
then applying these figures to the calculation above would create a price of $30 as follows: 
 
$30 = $4000 x 0.005 + $2000 x 0.005 
 
 
How the value of a Digital Security is affected by changes in the value of the underlying Digital 
Currenc(ies) 
 
Digital Securities other than Index Digital Securities 
 
The 3 hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in the Digital 
Securities in respect of which "Index Security" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms under 
normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the Digital 
Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have been made: 
 
1. An investor invests in the Digital Securities for one full calendar year. 
2. 1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
3. The price of the relevant Digital Currency referenced by that Digital Security when the Digital 
Security is bought is $10,000. 
4. The Coin Entitlement of the Digital Security when the Digital Security is bought is 0.01 Digital 
Currency. 
5. The annual level of fees are 0.95 per cent. and for which a dollar value has been given in the 
scenarios below. 
6. There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Digital Securities during the investment 
period. 
7. All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Digital Securities and the custody fees of the investors bank are 
excluded. 
 
Scenario 1: The price of the relevant Digital Currency decreases 
• 
1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
• 
The price of the relevant Digital Currency decreases by 75% to $2,500 one year later. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.2369 per Digital Security. 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $24.76 
• 
The investor sells the Digital Security and has lost $75.24 from his/her initial investment of $100 
a year ago. 
 
Scenario 2: The price of the relevant Digital Currency increases 
• 
1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
• 
The price of the relevant Digital Currency increases by 75% to $17,500 one year later. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $1.6580 per Digital Security. 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has increased to $173.34 
• 
The investor sells the Digital Security and has gained $73.34 from his/her initial investment of 
$100 a year ago. 
 
Scenario 3: The price of the relevant Digital Currency remains the same 
• 
1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
• 
The price of the relevant Digital Currency remains the same one year later. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.9474 per Digital Security. 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $99.05.The investor sells the Digital Security 
and has lost $0.9475 from his/her initial investment of $100 a year ago. 
Index Digital Securities 
 
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in Index 
Digital Securities. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the Digital Securities 
and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have been made: 
 
1. 
An investor invests in the Digital Securities for one full calendar year. 
2. 1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
3. The relevant Index referenced by that Digital Security is comprised of two Digital Currencies and 
accordingly, the Coin Entitlement for that Digital Security is comprised of two Digital Currencies.  
The price of one Digital Currency (Digital Currency 1) when the relevant Index Digital Security is 
bought is $10,000 and the price of the second Digital Currency (Digital Currency 2) when the 
relevant Index Digital Security is bought is $10,000. 
4. The Individual Coin Entitlement of Digital Currency 1 is 0.005 Digital Currency 1 and the Individual 
Coin Entitlement of Digital Currency 2 is 0.005 Digital Currency 2.  The Coin Entitlement for the 
relevant Index Digital Security when it was bought was therefore 0.005 Digital Currency 1 and 
0.005 Digital Currency 2. 
5. The annual level of fees are 0.95 per cent., for which a dollar value has been given in the scenarios 
below. 
6. There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Digital Securities during the investment 
period. 
7. All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Digital Securities and the custody fees of the investors bank are 
excluded. 
8. No Rebalancing occurs in respect of the relevant Index or the Index Digital Security during the 
investment period.  
 
Scenario 1: The price of Digital Currency 1 decreases and the price of Digital Currency 2 remains the 
same 
 
• 
1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
• 
The price of Digital Currency 1 reduces by 75% to $2,500 a year later.  
• 
The price of the Digital Currency 2 remains the same one year later. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.59375 per Digital Security. 
• 
No Rebalancing occurs during the investment period. 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $61.91. The investor sells the Digital Security 
and has lost $38.09 from his/her initial investment of $100 a year ago. 
 
Scenario 2: The price of Digital Currency 1 increases and the price of Digital Currency 2 remains the 
same 
 
 
• 
 1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
• 
The price of Digital Currency 1 increases by 75% to $17,500 one year later. 
• 
The price of the Digital Currency 2 remains the same one year later. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $1.30625 per Digital Security. 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has increased to $136.19 
• 
The investor sells the Digital Security and has gained $36.19 from his/her initial investment of 
$100 a year ago. 
 
 
Scenario 3: The price of each Digital Currency remains the same 
 
• 
 1 Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
• 
The price of each Digital Currency remains the same one year later. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.95 per Digital Security. 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $99.05. The investor sells the Digital Security 
and has lost $0.95 from his/her initial investment of $100 a year ago. 
 
 
Suspension of Redemptions 
 
If, on any Valuation Date, the Determination Agent determines that the prevailing market value of the Coin 
Entitlement of a Digital Security of any Class is less than 500 per cent. of the Principal Amount, the Issuer may 
suspend the right to request redemptions of the relevant Digital Securities. The suspension may continue for so 
long as the Determination Agent determines that the prevailing market value of the Coin Entitlement of a Digital 
Security of any Class is less than 500 per cent. of the Principal Amount.  
 
The Issuer may also give notice convening a meeting of the WT Securityholders of such Class on a date not 
more than 30 calendar days after the Threshold Event Date for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary 
Resolution which, if passed, would have the effect of reducing the Principal Amount of a Digital Security of that 
Class to an amount the Determination Agent determines in its discretion. In this case, the suspension will only 
cease if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed. 
 
The Issuer may at its discretion terminate any suspension at any time, by giving notice.  
 
Any suspension shall not affect any Redemption Form received on a date prior to that on which the suspension 
commenced. Redemptions may be suspended where the Determination Agent determines there to be a 
Disruption Event due to Crypto Trading Disruption, Service Provider Disruption, Secured Accounts Disruption, 
or in the case of Index Digital Securities only, a Calculation Disruption. 
 
A Crypto Trading Disruption could occur where trading and/or settlement in any of the relevant Digital Currencies 
is subject to a material suspension or material limitation on any primary exchange or trading facility for the trading 
of such Digital Currency; or any primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of any of the relevant Digital 
Currencies is not open for trading for any reason (including a scheduled closure);  or trading in any of the relevant 
Digital Currency on any primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of such Digital Currency has been 
permanently discontinued or has disappeared; 
 
A Service Provider Disruption could occur if a Custodian resigns or their appointment is terminated for any reason  
 
A Secured Accounts Disruption could occur if any Digital Currency is been lost or is inaccessible. 
 
A Calculation Disruption could occur where the Coin Entitlement is unable to be calculated, for example due to 
the Capital Adjustment Factor or the Weight Adjustment Factor being unknown for any reason.  
 
Any Redemptions which have been suspended will only settle after Disruption Event has ceased, however if the 
Redemption is suspended for 10 Business Days, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in consultation with the 
Determination Agent, shall determine an appropriate method for completing the Redemption of such Digital 
Securities and determining the date for the Redemption.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
B. 
DIGITAL CURRENCY MARKET OVERVIEW 
 
 
The underlying of the Digital Securities is Digital Currency of the relevant types. This section is a description 
of the market for digital assets generally (of which the Digital Currencies form part). 
 
Digital assets are a very new concept and, as such, their usage is still evolving. There are many opinions out 
there about what characterises a crypto asset but a common high level definition is: 
 
A digital representation of something of value, for which ownership is verified and recorded on a distributed 
ledger. 
 
The first asset that fits this description was Bitcoin which was conceptualised in 2008 and began in early 2009.  
It was designed to be a scarce digital asset that allowed peer to peer transfers of value in an environment 
whereby value could be transferred without the need for a central authority. The underlying protocol is 
essentially an amalgamation of existing digital practices but is built on a foundation of encryption and 
cryptography, hence the common name “Cryptocurrency”. The ability to store value digitally with no central 
authority providing verification is achieved through distributed ledger – essentially a peer to peer network that 
shares a record of all transactions and verifies all new ones by each member checking them against the rules 
of the protocol and coming to consensus. Consensus mechanism in the blockchain is a system that validates 
a transaction and marks it as authentic. 
 
 
There have since been new alternative coins created. Some of these coins are intended to operate as a widely 
circulating means of exchange in a similar way as was intended for Bitcoin. Others have sought to use the 
technology to provide a means for investors to participate in the profits or returns from a company or business 
(sometimes known as security tokens). A description of various alternative coins is included below. 
 
The use case and the trading environment for all these coins are relatively new and, as such, anyone looking 
to purchase these should be familiar with its specific characteristics, the mechanics of any applicable trading 
venues, and the characteristics of the price evolution. 
 
 
Crypto Exchanges  
 
Digital Currencies are typically traded on dedicated exchanges however it is important to note that these 
exchanges are very new and there are high degrees of variation between exchanges when it comes to 
security, liquidity, fees and technology. The most commonly traded digital assets such as Bitcoin that major 
jurisdictions tend not to treat as regulated financial products. As a result, those exchanges that only permit 
trading in these products are not usually subject to licensing or authorisation requirements. As a result, and 
in contrast to stock or futures exchange, crypto-exchanges largely fall outside the scope of specific regulation. 
 
Price Formation 
 
Prices of digital assets are formed in the same way as most other assets: it is a factor of supply and demand. 
This starts with the various exchanges and the price that a given crypto currency was last traded at. The 
efficiency of the market and the extent of variation in prices across different venues can vary significantly. 
Whilst there can be variations in prices across venues, the market is efficient during normal market conditions 
at finding its equilibrium across the different exchanges and various trading pairs (e.g BTC/EUR and 
BTC/USD).  
 
The market depth and volume in certain cryptocurrencies is substantially lower than what we observe in more 
established asset classes and are subject to higher levels of volatility with the price changing rapidly. This can 
lead to discrepancies between the prices observed on different exchanges.  
 
Additionally, lower market depth means that individual trades can have a higher impact on the price and 
investors should always be aware of the size of their transaction versus the available liquidity in the market. 
 
Market Volatility 
 
Cryptocurrencies are one of the most volatile asset classes, even higher than Small Cap Equities, emerging 
market equities or energy futures. It is not uncommon for even the most established digital assets to have 
periods of annualised volatility of over 100%.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Several factors influence those high volatility levels. Firstly, as digital assets evolve in a fast-changing 
environment major developments are common place. Changes in areas such as regulation, technology, 
financialisation etc. can have a profound impact on digital assets’ potential for adoption, development and 
growth.  
 
Secondly, the digital asset space lacks frameworks for fundamental analysis of price and growth. As a new 
market, desired data sets can be non-existent or difficult to access. Valuation theory and frameworks are still 
in development, and the estimation of digital assets intrinsic value varies dramatically depending on the use 
case, models and assumption sets used. 
 
In this situation, the digital assets market is very sensitive to news releases, and largely driven by sentiment. 
Investors should expect this situation to continue in the short and medium term. 
 
Cryptocurrency Protocol Governance 
 
There are several possible reasons that changes may want to be made to a blockchain protocol such as 
adding new functionality, reversing transactions, solving security risk, testing a process etc. Each protocol will 
have a process, either predefined by the protocol or community evolved, that dictates how a change is 
accepted and implemented.  
 
 
On a public blockchain such as the blockchain underlying the Digital Currencies there is no barrier to entry to 
use it. Anyone can run a node, run mining software/hardware, access a wallet and write data onto and transact 
within the blockchain (as long as they follow the rules of the blockchain).  
 
As there is no central authority in a public blockchain, these protocols rely on the concept of network 
governance, the idea that the users of the crypto currency will evaluate any potential changes and implement 
them if they believe they are worthwhile. Public blockchains are usually open source projects with the core 
developers being made up of a dedicated community of people who have devoted time and built up expertise 
in the protocol. These developers may carry a lot of credibility and influence within the community and typically 
champion proposed changes but still need to convince the users (miners, nodes, exchanges, investors) that 
their change is for the good of the protocol. Bitcoin is the most well known public blockchain protocol.  
 
Changes made to a protocol can have profound effects on the nature of a crypto currency, not only on its 
functionality and use case but on the community that uses and supports the protocol. Several cryptocurrencies 
that exist today are the result of a part of a community disagreeing on desired change and splitting off from 
the core to implement the change. Bitcoin Cash is an offshoot from Bitcoin which came about from a proposed 
change to the block size limit. Such a split is called a “Hard Fork” and creates a new version of protocol with 
tokens that are incompatible with other versions. Such events often end up with holders having balances in 
both the original cryptocurrency and the one created as a result of the fork.  
 
Anyone involved in a given cryptocurrency should be aware of the governance model and have a view on its 
strength and potential for changes in the future.  
 
Proof-of-Stake 
 
Proof-of-stake is a type of consensus mechanism used by blockchain networks to achieve consensus across 
the participants on the blockchain. Consensus mechanism in the blockchain is a system that validates a 
transaction and marks it as authentic. 
 
A Proof-of Stake consensus mechanism requires users to stake their Digital Currency to become a validator 
in the network. Validators are responsible for the same thing as miners in proof-of-work: ordering transactions 
and creating new blocks so that all nodes can agree on the state of the network. Validators are chosen at 
random to create blocks and are responsible for checking and confirming blocks they don't create, these 
validators are rewarded with newly created Digital Currency.  
 
A user’s stake is also used as a way to incentivise good validator behaviour. In general proof-of-stake 
blockchain have a reward and penalty mechanisms. Reward and penalty mechanisms are designed to 
incentivise validator responsibility and network collaboration. Bad validator behaviour such as dishonest 
validations, double signing and inactivity (e.g., going offline, failing to validate and so on) may be subject to a 
penalty, (severe penalties for extreme behaviour are often described as “slashing penalties”)depending on 
the specific protocol. Penalties may vary depending on the protocol but may cause the reduction of the 
validator’s stake or in some instances the validator may be removed from the network.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
Storing of Digital Currencies 
 
There 2 main options for the storage of Cryptocurrencies: 
 
• 
Hot storage: Private keys used to sign transactions and prove ownerships of funds are held on 
online devices, that is to say connected to internet, and therefore do not require human intervention 
to extract. As it is online it is more accessible, but it is more likely to be attacked. Common market 
practice is to only keep a small amount of a given cryptocurrency in hot wallets for trading, quick 
transfer etc. 
• 
Cold storage: Private keys used to sign transactions and prove ownerships of funds are held on 
offline devices (i.e. without connection to the internet) and therefore require human intervention to 
extract. This feature makes it more secure but more difficult to access. The main risk is physical 
damage, loss of the infrastructure due to a lack of redundancy in the architecture and process. 
Attacks on cryptocurrencies and hacking of private keys generally impacts hot wallet storage. 
 
A Wallet is the blockchain equivalent of a bank account; it is a digital address against which value will be stored. 
Each address has a corresponding Private Key which is the cryptographic password used to control value 
stored at that address. Whoever controls the Private Key can generate transactions and send value away from 
a wallet. When sending value there will be transaction fees collected by the network for processing the 
transaction. This is set by the user with the amount paid by a typical user varying over time however the general 
principle is the higher the fee offered the faster the transaction is processed.  Wallets can be self-managed on 
a personal device or managed through a service provider. There are many firms in the market today offing 
wallet or custodial services to both retail and institutional clients. These service providers will often facilitate 
activities beyond wallet management including automating transaction generation or providing trading or 
exchange services. 
 
In order to take delivery upon Physical Redemption, a WT Securityholder must identify its Digital Wallet in the 
Redemption Form. In order to do so without delays, WT Securityholders should consider establishing a Digital 
Wallet in advance to any redemption event. The WT Securityholder should elect the service provider which it 
wishes to provide the service to maintain the Digital Wallet on behalf of the WT Securityholder. The choice of 
service providers is not limited to the Custodians Swissquote Bank Ltd, Coinbase Custody Trust Company, 
LLC and/or Coinbase Global, Inc., described in the next section of this Prospectus. Establishing a digital wallet 
with any service provider will be done pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and procedures applied by 
the relevant service provider from time to time. The relationship between the WT securityholder and any such 
service provider is not regulated under the Conditions of the Digital Securities.  
 
Description of the individual Digital Currencies 
 
Bitcoin 
 
Bitcoin is a decentralized digital cryptocurrency which can operate without the need of a central authority. The 
decentralized nature allows it to operate on a peer-to-peer network whereby users are able to send funds to 
each other without going through intermediary. Each and every Bitcoin transaction that’s ever been made exists 
on a public ledger accessible to everyone. 
 
Ethereum 
 
Ethereum is an open-source blockchain-based platform for decentralized applications. Ether (ETH) is the native 
cryptocurrency of the platform. Ethereum allows smart contracts in which developers can write code in order 
to build decentralized applications such as finance applications, lending protocols and so on. Ethereum is a 
decentralized public ledger for verifying and recording transactions.  
 
Binance Coin 
 
Binance exchange is a cryptocurrency exchange that supports several traded cryptocurrencies and provides a 
crypto wallet for traders to store their cryptocurrencies. Binance Coin (BNB) is the native coin of the Binance 
chain, which underpins a lot of the services provided by Binance. BNB can be used to reduce trading fees on 
the platform, convert residual crypto balances, use some of Binance DeFi service, and many others.  
 
Ripple

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
Ripple is a technology which used for payment settlement system and digital payment network for financial 
transactions. Ripple is the name of the blockchain and the cryptocurrency token is XRP (ticker symbol). It has 
been designed to serve as an intermediate mechanism of exchange between two currencies or networks. 
 
Dogecoin 
 
Dogecoin is a meme-inspired altcoin that began as a joke in 2013. It is based on Litecoin and has similar 
technology behind its proof-of-work. 
 
Cardano 
 
Cardano is a decentralized blockchain platform. The primary cryptocurrency of Cardano is called AD. Cardano 
can be used to store value, build smart contracts, create decentralised applications and so on. The Cardano 
blockchain runs on the Ouroboros consensus protocol which is a proof-of-stake protocol. 
 
Polkadot 
 
Polkadot is a blockchain protocol connecting multiple specialized blockchains into one unified network. 
Polkadot can operate in two different types of blockchains. Polkadot can operate many transactions on different 
chains in parallel, eliminating the needs to do transactions one-by-one. 
 
Bitcoin Cash 
 
Bitcoin Cash is a cryptocurrency created from Bitcoin hard fork occurring in August 2018. Bitcoin Cash has 
been designed to improve stability, allow more transactions into a single block and at the same time more 
transactions to be processed. Bitcoin Cash use the same consensus mechanism as Bitcoin and have supply 
cap at 21 million. 
 
Litecoin 
 
Litecoin is a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency created in October 2011 and it is a fork of Bitcoin. Litecoin is an open-
source global payment network without any central authority. It has been designed to have faster block 
generation rate than Bitcoin and uses script in its proof-of-work algorithm. 
 
Uniswap 
 
Uniswap is a decentralized crypto exchange that runs on the Ethereum blockchain and has been built in 2018. 
It is compatible with ERC-20 tokens. It has been designed to enable users to swap ERC20 tokens. Uniswap 
pools tokens into smart contracts and users can trade against these liquidity pools. Anyone can swap tokens, 
add tokens to a pool to earn fees, or list a token on Uniswap. 
 
Chainlink 
 
Chainlink is a decentralized blockchain which has been designed to connect the real-world datasets such as 
payment methods, data feeds etc. to the blockchains. It allows smart contracts to access in the secure way to 
the real-world data information. Several mechanisms in the Chainlink protocol ensure the accuracy of the data. 
 
Stellar 
 
Stellar is a decentralised crypto blockchain. It is a payment protocol based on distributed ledger technology. It 
has been designed to transfer digital currency to fiat money across borders and domestically.  The Stellar 
blockchain's cryptocurrency is called the lumen (token) which trades under the symbol XLM. 
 
VeChain 
 
VeChain is a crypto blockchain platform which has been designed to improve supply chain management by 
using distributed ledger technology. It has been built to simplify the processes and information from complex 
supply chains. VeChain makes use of two tokens: VeChain token (VET) as a value layer and VeChain Thor 
Energy (VTHO) as a smart contract layer. 
 
Ethereum Classic 
 
Ethereum Classic is decentralized blockchain which is result of the Ethereum blockchain split in 2016. It is an

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
open source and runs smart contracts offering decentralized governance. 
 
Solana 
 
Solana is a crypto blockchain that has been founded in 2017. It uses smart contract, proof-of-stake and proof-
of-history consensus to secure its blockchain. It has been built to be resilient and expendable to censorship 
and allows fast transaction settlement. SOL is Solana’s native cryptocurrency, which works as a utility token. 
 
EOS 
 
EOS is decentralised blockchain with allows the development of decentralized applications. EOS enables to 
have secure communication and access between dApps and the internet. It can process fast and free 
transactions. The EOS ecosystem is composed of 2 key parts: EOS.IO which is system architecture and EOS 
token which is network's cryptocurrency. 
 
Theta 
 
Theta is peer-to-peer decentralised blockchain which has been designed to decentralize video delivery network 
by encouraging the sharing of bandwidth. Indeed, users can contribute their excess bandwidth and computing 
resources in exchange for token rewards. Theta network has two native tokens: TFUEL and THETA. Theta 
Network users who facilitate share video content as edge nodes are rewarded for the data they stream with 
TFUEL. THETA is a governance token which has been built to facilitate the managing of the blockchain and its 
future development. THETA has a fixed supply of 1 billion coins. 
 
OKB 
 
OKB is a utility token which is issued by OK Blockchain Foundation. OK Blockchain Foundation is a token 
economy system which has been designed to connect several products and services available to OKEx users 
as well as professional investors. 
 
Neo 
 
NEO is a decentralised blockchain which uses easily programmable smart contracts to smooth trust-less trades 
of real-world assets through the blockchain. It has been designed to allow the development of digital assets 
and smart contracts. There are two native cryptocurrencies on its blockchain: NEO which has been designed 
for voting on protocol changes and GAS which is used to pay for computation on the network. 
 
Cosmos 
 
Cosmos is a decentralised network of independent parallel blockchains which has been created in Feb 2021. 
It has been designed to allow any blockchain to communicate and transact which each other. The native tokens 
of the Cosmos network are called ATOMs. ATOMs give to the holder the ability to validate the blocks, vote on 
the governance issues, pay for the transaction fees and so on. 
 
Tezos 
 
Tezos is a decentralized platform to build decentralized applications. The network’s on-chain governance 
allows holders of Tezos’ native coin called XTZ to vote on the network’s future direction. 
 
Internet Computer 
 
Internet Computer is a digital token that operates on its own proprietary protocol called Internet Computer 
Protocol. Internet Computer has been designed to create a decentralized internet which allows companies to 
create and deploy software into secure online environments. It operates at web speed with independent data 
centres providing alternative to corporate cloud services.  
 
Polygon 
 
Polygon is an open source Ethereum layer-2 protocol which has been designed to transact faster and cheaper 
on the Ethereum blockchain. It is a scaling framework for building Ethereum-compatible blockchains. Polygon 
token is MATIC which has several goals in the Polygon ecosystem such as voting, paying gas fees and so on 
 
Tron

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Tron is a decentralized blockchain which has been created in 2017. It has been designed to facilitate the sharing 
of the digital content for free with distributed storage technology. This blockchain allows for the creation off the 
decentralised applications and the sharing of media content. Tron network has a utility token called TRX which 
facilitate easy transactions across the blockchain and so on. 
 
Filecoin 
 
Filecoin is decentralized blockchain which has been designed as peer-to-peer digital storage marketplace. It 
allows users to rent out spare storage space on their computer. Filecoin network has a token called FIL (ticker 
symbol). 
 
Aave 
 
Aave is a decentralized lending system running on the Ethereum blockchain. It has been designed to allow the 
users to borrow, lend and earn interest on crypto assets without intermediary. AAVE is the native governance 
token of the Aave protocol. 
 
 
Iota 
Iota is a distributed ledger which has been built to execute and record transactions between devices and 
machines on the Internet of Things ecosystem. The network's distributed ledger is called the Tangle. IOTA 
users are also validators and miners whose connected devices passively support Tangle. The ledger uses a 
cryptocurrency called MIOTA to account for transactions in its network. 
 
Avalanche 
 
Avalanche is a decentralized blockchain with smart contract functionality which aims to be eco-friendliness, low 
costs and fast transaction. AVAX is the native token of Avalanche platform. 
 
Algorand 
 
Algorand is a layer-1 decentralized blockchain which support smart contracts. This blockchain is using proof-
of-stake consensus mechanism and aim to be scalable, having fast transaction and minimize the risks of smart 
contracts. ALGO is the native token of Algorand platform. 
 
Shibu Inu 
 
Shiba Inu is an ERC-20 altcoin issued on the Ethereum blockchain. One of the purpose is to create an 
ecosystem consisting of three tokens with different supplies 
 
Cronos  
 
Cronos is a decentralized blockchain which has been created by the Crypto.com payment, trading and financial 
services company. Crypto.com is a centralised cryptocurrency exchange that supports trading, staking, 
investing and so on. Cronos (CRO) is the native token of Cronos Chain. 
 
NEAR Protocol 
 
NEAR protocol is a layer-1 decentralized blockchain which support smart contracts which aims to ease the 
creation of decentralized applications and developer friendly. 
 
Fantom 
 
Fantom is a layer-1 decentralized smart contract platform which provides decentralized finance (DeFi) services. 
FTM token is the governance token of Fantom platform 
 
The Graph 
 
The Graph is a decentralized protocol for indexing and querying data from blockchains. GRT is the native token 
of The Graph 
 
Loopring 
 
Loopring is a layer-2 decentralized protocol for building decentralized crypto exchanges. LRC is the Ethereum-

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
based cryptocurrency token of Loopring 
 
Maker 
 
Maker is a decentralised protocol based on the Ethereum blockchain. The goal is to secure and support the 
issuance of stablecoins. Maker (MKR) is the governance token of the MakerDAO, which acts as a kind of voting 
share for the decentralised autonomous organization that manages the USD stablecoin DAI. 
 
Basic Attention Token 
 
The Basic Attention Token is a decentralised blockchain built on Ethereum which aims to be a digital advertising 
platform that makes a better experience for the readers thanks to ads that should be more tailored to their 
interests without disclosing their data privacy rights.  
 
Curve DAO Token 
 
Curve DAO Token is the native token that supports a decentralized finance platforms called Curve.Finance. 
Curve.Finance is a decentralized exchange that uses an automated market maker. 
 
Compound 
 
Compound is a decentralized blockchain which supports lending and borrowing crypto. COMP is the native 
token of Compound platform. 
 
1inch Network 
 
The 1inch Network unites is decentralized protocols which aims to enable fast, secure and profitable operations 
in the Decentralized finance space, which includes decentralised exchange, liquidity pool, order protocol and 
wallet. 
 
Yearn.finance 
 
Yearn.finance is a a decentralised protocol which aims to provide services such as yield farming, lending and 
insurance. YFI is the native crypto token of the Yearn.finance protocol. 
 
SushiSwap 
 
SushiSwap is a decentralized exchange on the Ethereum blockchain using an automated market-making 
model. SushiSwap (SUSHI) is a token native of SushiSwap. 
 
0x 
 
0x is a decentralized exchange for trading ERC 20 tokens and other assets on the Ethereum blockchain. ZRX 
is an ERC-20 token which is the native governance and staking token of 0x. 
 
PancakeSwap 
 
PancakeSwap is a decentralized exchange on the Binance blockchain using an automated market-making 
model. 
 
Axie Infinity 
 
Axie Infinity is a blockchain based on virtual game which aims to allow players to collect NFTs and digital pets 
known as Axis which can be raised, battled and traded though Axie ecosystem. The Axie Infinity game has two 
tokens, AXS is the native governance token whereas SLP is the in-game generated experience points.  
 
Sandbox 
 
Sandbox is a blockchain based on virtual world which aims to allow the users to customize their games, buy 
and sell digital assets in the form of a game. The SAND token is the native token of The Sandbox 
 
Decentraland 
 
Decentraland is a virtual reality platform based on the Ethereum blockchain which aims to allow the users to

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
buy virtual plots of land in the platform, monetize content and applications. MANA is a cryptocurrency token of 
Decentraland platform. 
 
Enjin Coin 
 
Enjin Coin is a blockchain based on virtual game which aims to be a social gaming platform through which 
users can build websites, chat, host virtual item stores and so on. Enjin Coin (ENJ) is an an ERC-20 token of 
the Enjin Coin platform. 
 
Illuvium 
 
Illuvium is a blockchain based on virtual game which aims to be a fantasy role-playing game in which players 
can collect Non-fungible token on Ethereum’s blockchain with real-world value. ILV is the native token used to 
reward players and to participate in the governance of the game DAO. 
 
Flow 
 
Flow is a decentralized blockchain which aim to help developing NFT games, decentralised applications, and 
payment tools.  
 
 
Arweave 
 
Arweave is a decentralized protocol which aims to store global information securely and permanently. 
 
Kusama 
 
Kusama is a decentralized blockchain which aims to allow the developers to test new blockchains or 
decentralized application before deploying it on Polkadot. The KSM token is the native cryptocurrency of the 
Kusama network 
 
Lido DAO Token 
 
Lido is a staking solution for proof-of-stake blockchain which aims to allow the users to stake while avoiding 
conditions such as asset locking requirements. 
 
AMP 
 
AMP is a digital collateral Ethereum token which aims to collateralize payment and verify collateralization 
through a system of collateral partitions and collateral managers. Users stake AMP via the Flexa Network so 
as to provide collateralization across the platform. 
 
Bancor 
 
Bancor is a blockchain protocol that allows users to convert between different tokens directly as opposed to 
exchanging them on cryptocurrency markets. A key characteristic of the protocol is that it doesn’t call for an 
exchange of tokens with a second party, as in the case of cryptocurrency exchanges. Rather, it employs 
Smart Tokens to convert between different ERC-20 tokens internally. Bancor Network Token (BNT) is a 
protocol token used on the network which helps to provide some liquidity for the pool available on the 
network. 
 
Ankr 
 
Ankr is a decentralized blockchain infrastructure which aims to facilitate the adoption of Web3 by creating a 
platform where the users can deploy nodes on proof-of-stake blockchains, access decentralized finance 
application and stake their tokens. ANKR is a native utility token which is needed for payments and 
transactions for several Ankr’s services 
 
Synthetix 
 
Synthetix is a decentralized finance protocol based on the Ethereum blockchain which aims to provide on-chain 
exposure to several crypto and non-crypto assets. SNX tokens are used as a collateral for the synthetic assets 
that are minted. That is to say whenever synths are issued, SNX tokens are locked up in a smart contract. SNX 
is also used to earn: i) exchange rewards and ii) staking rewards.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
Waves 
 
Waves is a decentralized blockchain that supports decentralized applications (DApps) and smart contracts. It 
has been designed to allow the users to create a smart contract solution, a custom token and so on. 
 
Swipe 
 
Swipe is an API platform which has been designed to allow the users to convert between cryptocurrencies, 
fiat currencies and stablecoins. It aims to create global payment cards powered by its native SXP token which 
is used for paying transaction fees and securing Solar Network. 
 
Kava 
 
Kava is a layer-1 decentralized blockchain which aims to combine the interoperability and speed of Cosmos. 
The Kava Network features a native governance and utility token, KAVA. 
 
Convex Finance 
 
Convex Finance is a decentralized finance (DeFi) protocol which aims to reward Curve liquidity providers and 
stakers with additional yields. Curve Finance is a decentralised exchange. 
 
 
Anchor Protocol 
 
Anchor Protocol (ANC) is a decentralized finance (DeFi) protocol developed on Terra blockchain, which uses 
the LUNA and UST token to provide its users with potential opportunities for staking, farming and savings. 
 
JUST 
 
JUST is a decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem built for the TRON blockchain. JST is the token for DApp 
governance and various protocols in the JUST ecosystem. 
 
Frax Share 
 
The Frax Protocol is a fractional-algorithmic stablecoin system. Frax is open-source, permissionless, and 
entirely on-chain. Frax Shares (FXS) is a governance token. 
 
UNUS SED LEO 
 
UNUS SED LEO (LEO) is a utility token which is used across the iFinex (parent company of Bitfinex) 
ecosystem. One of the goals is to allow Bitfinex users to save money on trading fees. 
 
Toncoin 
 
Toncoin is a decentralized layer-1 blockchain which has a multi-level structure built on the principle of 
sharding or segmentation.  
 
Aptos 
 
Aptos is a layer 1 blockchain which employs smart contract programming language called Move.  
 
Hedera 
 
Hedera is a public blockchain which aims to allow individuals and businesses to create powerful 
decentralized applications. The HBAR is the token of Hedera public network. 
 
Stacks 
 
Stacks is a Bitcoin layer for smart contracts which aims to enable decentralised application and smart 
contracts to use Bitcoin as an asset and settle transaction on the Bitcoin blockchain. 
 
APeCoin

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
ApeCoin is a utility and governance token used in the APE ecosystem which allows token holders to 
participate in ApeCoin DAO and gives access to some exclusive games and services.  
 
BitDao 
 
BitDao is a decentralized autonomous organization which focus on DeFi. It is managed by holders of BIT 
tokens. 
 
THORChain 
 
THORChain is a decentralized liquidity protocol which aims to allow the users to exchange cryptocurrency 
assets across a range of networks without losing full custody of their assets in the process. 
 
Quant 
 
Quant network aims to connect blockchains and network on a global scale without reducing the efficiency and 
interoperability of the network. It is designed to act as a gateway for any blockchain-based project to access 
all other blockchains. 
 
Optimism 
 
Optimism is a layer-two blockchain on top of Ethereum which aims to help scale the Ethereum ecosystem. 
 
Arbitrum 
 
Arbitrum is an Ethereum layer-two scaling solution which aims to improve cost-efficiency, scalability and 
speed on Ethereum. Arbitrum’s native token is called ARB and is used for governance. 
 
Bittensor 
 
Bittensor is a public blockchain which aims to power a decentralized and blockchain-based machine learning 
network. The native currency is TAO which constitutes both reward and access token on the network. 
 
Immutable 
 
Immutable is a layer-two scaling solution on Ethereum. It focusses mainly on NFTs and blockchain gaming. 
IMX is an Ethereum token that powers Immutable. 
 
Kaspa 
 
Kaspa is a layer-1 decentralized blockchain which aims to achieve high block rates and low confirmation 
times. It supports smart contracts and decentralized finance applications on its network. KAS is the native 
token for Kaspa blockchain. 
 
Mantle 
 
Mantle network is a decentralized platform that allows for the exchange of value and data across different 
blockchain networks. MNT is the native token which can be used for growing the ecosystem, governance and 
paying gas fees. 
 
Render 
 
Render is a public network which enables distributed graphics processing and aims to connect artists and 
studios in need of GPU compute power with mining partners willing to rent out their GPU capabilities. RNDR 
is an Ethereum token that powers Render Network. 
 
Celestia 
 
Celestia is a modular data availability network. TIA is the native token of the Celestia blockchain which can 
be used for gas fee payment, network governance, and staking participation. 
 
Injective 
 
Injective is a layer-1 interoperable blockchain which aims to provide core financial infrastructure primitives

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
that applications can leverage. INJ is the native token that enables community members to participate in 
governance, validation, burn auctions and more.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
C. 
The Indices 
 
Certain of the Digital Securities are Index Digital Securities.  Index Digital Securities aim to replicate the 
performance of an Index. Prospective investors should note that the Coin Entitlement of the Index Digital 
Securities (and therefore the value of the Index Digital Securities) is linked to the composition of the Index (and 
the weighting of each Digital Currency therein) specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The composition and 
weighting of each Digital Currency comprised in the relevant Index may be adjusted from time to time following 
a rebalancing of the Index.  A rebalancing of the Index will trigger a Rebalancing under the Conditions, which 
will result in adjustments being made to the Coin Entitlement for any affected Index Digital Securities.  
Prospective investors in Index Digital Securities should be aware that the composition of the Coin Entitlement 
(and the respective amounts and weights of the Digital Currencies comprised therein) may not directly reflect 
the composition of the relevant Index.  
 
Prospective investors should review the index description, rules and disclosure published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor on the relevant website listed in this section of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Prospective investors should carry out their own detailed review of the composition and calculation of the 
applicable Index and the rules relating thereto and ensure that they understand them.  
 
Accordingly, before investing in any Index Digital Securities, prospective investors should carefully consider 
whether an investment based on the performance of the applicable Index is suitable for them and in all cases 
an investor in Index Digital Securities should carry out its own detailed review of the applicable Index and the 
rules relating thereto. 
 
 
Description of the Indices 
 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from the websites set out below and 
has been reproduced on the basis of information available to the Issuer. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to ascertain from such information, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The websites set out below do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. The delivery of this 
Base Prospectus at any time does not imply any representation on the part of the Issuer, the Authorised 
Participants, the Trustee, the Custodians or any other person that any information contained therein is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Purchasers of Index Digital Securities should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding 
the Indices, the relevant index sponsors and all other parties connected to the Indices from time to time as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Index Digital Securities. 
 
WisdomTree Crypto Indices  
 
The WisdomTree Crypto Indices are designed to measure the performance of a single cryptocurrency or a 
group of cryptocurrencies. The indices have been constructed with the objective to reflect the development of 
the digital asset market in a methodical and neutral way and aim to take into account (non-exhaustive list) the 
liquidity, security, credibility, exchangeability and fungibility considerations. The indices components consist of 
a single cryptocurrency or a group of cryptocurrencies from the list of individual Digital Currencies. Details of 
the index calculation and construction methodology appear in the index handbook which can be downloaded 
from 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/-/media/eu-media-files/other-documents/index/etf-securities/WisdomTree-
CF-Crypto-Index-Family.pdf and is accessible from the relevant product pages. 
 
 
The following table specifies the identifiers of the WisdomTree Crypto Indices:  
 
Index name 
Index ISIN 
Index RIC 
Index Currency 
WisdomTree CF Crypto Mega Cap Equal 
Weight Index 
GB00BNVT6G44 
WCMEGAE 
USD 
WisdomTree CF Crypto Market Index 
GB00BNVT6F37 
WCMRKTE 
USD 
WisdomTree CF Crypto Altcoins Index 
GB00BNVT6H50  
WCALTCE 
USD 
WisdomTree Crypto DeFi Index 
 
 
USD 
WisdomTree Crypto Metaverse Index 
 
 
USD

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Each of the WisdomTree Crypto Indices are a benchmark subject to Benchmark Regulation and the Index 
Sponsor in connection to these WisdomTree Crypto Indices is WisdomTree, Inc. which is included in the 
public register maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
 
CF Benchmark Disclaimer 
CF BENCHMARKS LTD DATA IS USED UNDER LICENSE AS A SOURCE OF INFORMATION FOR 
CERTAIN WISDOMTREE PRODUCTS. CF BENCHMARKS LTD, ITS LICENSORS AND AGENTS HAVE 
NO OTHER CONNECTION TO WISDOMTREE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND DO NOT SPONSOR, 
ENDORSE, RECOMMEND OR PROMOTE ANY WISDOMTREE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. CF 
BENCHMARKS ITS LICENSORS AND AGENTS HAVE NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE WISDOMTREE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. CF BENCHMARKS ITS LICENSORS AND 
AGENTS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF ANY INDEX 
LICENSED TO WISDOMTREE AND SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, 
OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
D. 
THE CUSTODIAN, CUSTODY AND THE CUSTODY AGREEMENTS 
 
The information set out in this section of this Schedule regarding the Custodian(s) (which as at the date of the 
issuance of the Digital Securities, are Swissquote Bank Ltd and Coinbase Custody) has been obtained from 
the Custodian(s). Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
able to ascertain, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Delivery of this Schedule A shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the Custodian(s) since the date of the issue of the Digital Securities, or that the information contained 
or referred to in this section of this Schedule A is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
 
The Issuer has not verified and accepts no liability whatsoever for the accuracy of such information and 
investors contemplating purchasing the Digital Securities should make their own independent investigations 
and enquiries into the Custodian(s). 
 
The Issuer may enter into Custody Agreements with further Custodians and will publish a supplementary 
prospectus or final terms at that time. 
  
1. Swissquote Bank Ltd 
 
Pursuant to a Custody Agreement with Swissquote Bank Ltd, the Issuer has appointed Swissquote Bank Ltd 
as a Custodian of the Digital Currencies. Swissquote Bank Ltd is a Swiss bank under the supervision of 
FINMA. 
 
Swissquote Bank Ltd provides a hosted “wallet” for management of Digital Currencies and a “vault” for cold 
storage of Digital Currencies, offering the highest security standards in the market. 
 
The aforementioned wallet enables users to hold, send and receive Digital Currencies, while the 
aforementioned vault offers a highly secure method for storing Digital Currencies offline (i.e. “cold storage”).  
 
Swissquote Bank Ltd is part of the Swissquote Group and was established in 2000 by Marc Bürki and Paolo 
Buzzi. Swissquote Group Holding Ltd is the listed vehicle of the Group. Its shares have been listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange since 2000. The Swissquote Group provides online financial and trading services. It has its 
headquarters in Gland (Switzerland) and offices in Dubai, Malta, Hong Kong, London, Singapore, Luxembourg 
Bucharest and Limassol. As of 31 December 2023, the two founding shareholders of the Swissquote Group 
ultimately own 10% or more of the shares.  
 
The current members of the Executive Management of Swissquote Bank Ltd are:  
 
Name of Director 
Year of Appointment 
Marc Bürki, CEO 
1999 
Morgan Lavanchy, CLO 
2017 
Gilles Chantrier, CRO 
2017 
Yvan Cardenas, CFO 
2019 
Jan de Shepper, CSO 
2019 
Alexandru Craciun, CTO 
2021 
Nestor Verrier, COO 
2024 
 
Any liability of Swissquote Bank Ltd for any loss or damage whatsoever is excluded to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law. Without prejudice of the generality of the immediately preceding sentence, any liability of 
Swissquote Bank Ltd for any act, omission, negligence, breach, wilful misconduct and/or fraud from any person 
or entity other than itself is fully excluded. Potential investors should not rely upon the fact that Swissquote Bank 
Ltd provides custodian services to the Issuer in deciding whether or not to invest in the WT Securities. 
Swissquote Bank Ltd has not separately verified the information contained herein other than with respect to 
itself. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by Swissquote Bank Ltd as to the accuracy or completeness of the other information 
contained herein, or any other further information supplied in connection with any of the WT Securities or their 
distribution. The WT Securities will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity than the 
Issuer.  
 
Swissquote is a Swiss Bank regulated by the Federal Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) as such 
subject 
to 
AML 
regulation 
(https://www.finma.ch/en/finma-public/authorised-institutions-individuals-and-
products/).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Coinbase Global, Inc.  
 
Coinbase Global, Inc. was founded in San Francisco and, together with its affiliates (collectively, “Coinbase”), 
has offices around the world. Coinbase stewards more than 108 million accounts across more than 100 
countries worldwide, executed US$145B in digital assets trades quarterly on its platforms and has more than 
US$80B under custody on its platforms. Coinbase has raised more than US$500M in venture capital from a 
range of leading investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Tiger Global Management, Institutional Venture 
Partners, Union Square Ventures, DFJ Growth, and Y Combinator. In addition to other product offerings, 
Coinbase also provides a hosted cryptocurrency “wallet” for the management of a range of digital assets and 
operates a regulated digital asset exchange, which has one of the deepest pools of liquidity in the world.  
 
Coinbase maintains a number of subsidiaries, including amongst others Coinbase Custody Trust Company, 
LLC (described below). Coinbase’s subsidiaries hold the appropriate licenses and registrations and are subject 
to local Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism, and sanctions requirements in their 
respective jurisdictions. 
 
 
3. Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC  
 
Pursuant to a Custody Agreement with Coinbase Custody, the Issuer will appoint Coinbase Custody as a 
Custodian of the Digital Currencies. Coinbase Custody is a fiduciary under § 100 of the New York Banking 
Law, regulated by the New York Department of Financial Services, a qualified custodian for purposes of Rule 
206(4)-2(d)(6) under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and is licensed to custody client’s 
digital assets (as set forth in the Custody Agreement) in trust on the client’s behalf. 
 
Coinbase Custody was established in 2018 and is wholly owned by Coinbase Global, Inc. (“Coinbase Global”). 
Please refer to: https://custody.coinbase.com/ for a select list of publicly disclosed Coinbase Custody clients.  
 
CCTC is a limited purpose trust company chartered under the New York Banking Law, and subject to 
supervision by the DFS. As a New York chartered trust company, CCTC must comply with applicable provisions 
of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (including provisions for countering 
the financing of terrorism), the laws, regulations and Executive Orders administered by OFAC, and the 
relevant/applicable New York banking and financial services regulations, as enforced by DFS.  
 
The current Members of the Board of Managers of Coinbase Custody are: 
 
Name of Manager 
Date of Appointment as Manager 
Michael Lempres 
October 21, 2018 
Alesia Haas 
February 20, 2019 
Melissa Strait 
October 4, 2022 
Aaron Schnarch 
October 4, 2022 
Paul Grewal 
February 15, 2021 
Richard Neiman 
July 22, 2019 
Robert Easton 
July 22, 2019 
 
 
 
At the date of the issue of the Digital Securities, the Custodians are only responsible for the custody of the 
Digital Currencies that back the WT Securities. These will be held in the Secured Custody Accounts with the 
Custodians which are segregated accounts in the name of the Issuer.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
E. 
Annex A: Digital Securities Annex to the Terms and Conditions  
 
      ANNEX A: DIGITAL SECURITIES ANNEX 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of this Annex A, as it applies to a Class of WT Securities that are Digital Securities, 
terms defined in the Conditions have the meanings given to them in the Conditions unless otherwise 
defined in this Annex A. The following terms have the meanings given to them below: 
“Adjustment Event” means any of the following events or circumstances occur: 
(a) 
a Fork Event or Airdrop Event; 
(b) 
any change to the market for transacting in Digital Currencies or holding Digital Currencies in 
custody;  
(c) 
any change in the legal or regulatory status of any Digital Currency; and 
(d) 
in relation to Index Digital Securities only, an Index Disruption Event (other than when a 
Rebalancing Index Disruption Event occurs). 
“Airdrop Event” means the allocation and distribution by a third party of a Non-Original Digital 
Currency to holders of a Digital Currency on such conditions as may be prescribed by that third party 
which may include without limitation that the holder of the Digital Currency perform a prescribed activity 
or task; 
“Application Order” means an application for the issue of a number of Digital Securities; 
“Asset Entitlement” means as at any date and in relation to a Digital Security of a Class, the Coin 
Entitlement and/or payment of any other amount due and less the Redemption Deductions, if 
applicable; 
"Asset Entitlement Precision Level" means, in relation to a Digital Security of a Class, the Coin 
Entitlement Precision Level specified in respect of that Class of Digital Security in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Base Currency Equivalent” means in respect of any amount denominated in the Base Currency, 
such Base Currency amount and in respect of any amount denominated in a currency other than the 
Base Currency or in a Digital Currency (the “Non-Base Currency”), the amount in the Base Currency 
determined by the Determination Agent as being required to purchase such amount of such Non-Base 
Currency with the Base Currency as at the date of calculation at the rate equal to the spot rate of 
exchange (or spot price in the case of a Digital Currency) for the purchase of the Non-Base Currency 
with the Base Currency available to the Determination Agent from a foreign exchange broker (if  the 
Non-Base Currency is not a Digital Currency) or digital currency broker (if  the Non-Base Currency is 
a Digital Currency) selected by the Determination Agent in good faith; 
“Bitcoin” means the Digital Currency known as Bitcoin (BTC); 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in London; 
“Capital Adjustment Factor” means in respect of a Class of Digital Securities, an amount determined 
by the Determination Agent that represents fees, expenses or, if "Staking Arrangements" is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, profits that may arise or be levied by various counterparties, 
service providers or market participants in connection with the provision of the Programme in respect 
of that Class of Digital Securities, including but not limited to: 
(a) 
any fees and costs associated with maintaining the Class of Digital Securities;  
(b) 
any fees and costs payable in respect of custody or insurance with respect to the Underlying 
Assets attributable or forming part of the Secured Property relating to such Class;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
(c) 
any transaction costs; 
(d) 
extraordinary events that may arise with respect to the Underlying Assets or Class of Digital 
Securities, and 
(e) 
a proportion of the profit or benefit received by the Issuer as a result holding Digital Currencies 
(including but not limited to through engagement with Proof-of-Staking activities (if "Staking 
Arrangements" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and such activities are 
permitted by the relevant Programme Document, the Conditions relating to such Class of Digital 
Securities, and/or the agreements contemplated by Condition 7.1(e)). 
as such amount may be adjusted from time to time;  
“Cash Redemption” means, if permitted under Annex A Condition 3, in relation to the Redemption of 
any Digital Securities, settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by payment of the 
Redemption Amount in cash and in accordance with Annex A Condition 3.5,  
“Coin Entitlement” means as at any date and in relation to a Digital Security of a Class, the amount(s) 
of the Underlying Asset(s) determined in accordance with Annex A Condition 2 (Coin Entitlement); 
“Coin Equivalent” means in respect of an Underlying Asset and any amount denominated in the Digital 
Currency of such Underlying Asset, such amount of such Digital Currency and in respect of an 
Underlying Asset and any amount denominated in a Digital Currency other than the Digital Currency 
of such Underlying Asset or in a currency (the “Non-Coin Asset”), the amount in the Digital Currency 
of that Underlying Asset determined by the Determination Agent as being required to purchase such 
amount of such Non-Coin Asset with the Digital Currency of the Underlying Asset as at the date of 
calculation at the rate equal to the spot price for the purchase of the Non-Coin Asset with the Digital 
Currency of the Underlying Asset available to the Determination Agent from a digital currency broker 
selected by the Determination Agent in good faith. 
“Compulsory Cash Redemption” means in relation to the Compulsory Redemption of any Digital 
Securities, settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by payment of the Redemption 
Amount in cash and in accordance with Annex A Condition 4.1; 
“Compulsory Cash Redemption Sale Date” in relation to any Digital Securities means the second 
Valuation Date following the Final Redemption Date, or such other Valuation Date as may otherwise 
be determined by the Issuer, acting reasonably to facilitate an orderly Compulsory Redemption; 
“Compulsory Physical Redemption” means, if permitted under Annex A Condition 3.2(d), in relation 
to the Compulsory Redemption of any Digital Securities, settlement of the Redemption Obligations in 
respect thereof by delivery of the relevant Underlying Assets in accordance with Annex A Condition 
4.2 (Delivery of Digital Currency upon Compulsory Redemption); 
“Compulsory Physical Redemption Transfer Date” in relation to any Digital Securities means the 
second Valuation Date following the Final Redemption Date;  
“Compulsory Redemption Notice Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 
9.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event) the date specified by the Issuer as such in 
accordance with that Condition and in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 9.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause) the date specified by the Issuer as such in accordance with that 
Condition; 
“Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” means in the case of Compulsory Redemption pursuant 
to: 
(a) 
Condition 9.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination), the Payment Business Day following 
the applicable Compulsory Cash Redemption Sale Date or Compulsory Physical Redemption 
Transfer Date or as may otherwise be determined by the Issuer, acting reasonably, to facilitate 
an orderly Compulsory Redemption; or 
(b) 
Condition 9.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event), Condition 9.3 (Compulsory 
Redemption for cause), Condition 9.6 (Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility) or 
Condition 9.8 (Compulsory Redemption on Event of Default), the Payment Business Day

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
following the applicable Compulsory Redemption Notice Date or as may otherwise be 
determined by the Issuer, acting reasonably, to facilitate an orderly Compulsory Redemption. 
 “Currency Business Day” means in respect of a Class of Digital Securities, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the Base Currency 
or, in the case of euros, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Custodian” means (a), in relation to WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin and WisdomTree Physical 
Ethereum Securities, Swissquote Bank Ltd and any other person(s) specified in the Final Terms with 
respect to such Class, or in a Notice to WT Securityholders; and (b) in relation to any other Class of 
Digital Securities, means any person(s) specified in the Final Terms 
“Custody Agreements” means (a), in relation to WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin and WisdomTree 
Physical Ethereum Securities, the B2B Digital Assets Contract between Swissquote Bank Ltd and the 
Issuer entered into on the same date as the Master Trust Deed and such other custody agreement as 
may be entered into between the Issuer and Custodian; and (b) in relation to any other Class of Digital 
Securities, any custody agreement entered into between the Issuer and a Custodian;  
“Digital Currency” means money, scrip or other representation of value or contractual rights that can 
only be exchanged electronically on a Distributed Ledger (including, without limitation, each Underlying 
Asset) and “Digital Currencies” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Digital Currency Transfer Account” means an account of the Issuer maintained with a Custodian 
into which an amount of Digital Currency shall be transferred from time to time for the purpose of paying 
the Management Fee; 
“Digital Securities” means digital securities of a Class specified in the relevant list in Schedule 7 
(Class of Digital Securities) of the Trust Deed and any other category of Digital Securities that may be 
constituted from time to time; 
“Digital Wallet” means the digital wallet of the WT Securityholder which will be held with a Custodian 
in the name of the WT Securityholder and used to receive or send Digital Currency; 
“Distributed Ledger” means a single, sequenced, standardised and cryptographically secured record 
of activity to be shared among and acted upon by multiple participants; 
“Distributed Ledger Account” means an account or accounts which is maintained by the Issuer with 
a Custodian in which Private Cryptographic Keys relating to Digital Currencies held with the Issuer are 
held; 
“Ethereum” means the Digital Currency known as Ethereum (ETH); 
“Execution Fee” means a sum that may be charged by the Issuer reflecting costs, expenses or fees 
actually incurred by the Issuer in connection with a sale or the transfer of Digital Currency, which may 
include without limitation: 
(a) 
the costs of enquiries under Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of WT Securityholders); 
(b) 
the cost of giving notices under Condition 9 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) 
being not greater than $500;  
(c) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer, the Custodian(s) or any of the Issuer’s agents as part of a sale 
or purchase of Digital Currency; 
(d) 
any banking fees or costs incurred as part of transfer of cash or Digital Currency between 
accounts of the Issuer and/or any WT Securityholder; 
(e) 
costs incurred as part of currency conversions which may be necessary to facilitate Redemption; 
(f) 
Blockchain network fees which are incurred as part of transfer of Digital Currencies from one 
Digital Wallet to another Digital Wallet;

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(g) 
any costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee incurred in relation to enforcing its security and 
taking any steps required as a part of a sale, a purchase or the transfer of Digital Currency;  
(h) 
any costs determined by the Determination Agent to be part of Execution Fees; 
(i) 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority thereof having power to tax; or 
(j) 
such other amounts as may be Notified pursuant to Condition 20. 
“Final Redemption Date” means the tenth Payment Business Day following the Final Trading Date; 
“Final Trading Date” means the date specified by the Issuer in relation to any type of Digital Securities 
pursuant to Condition 9.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination); 
“Fork Event” means the splitting of the code base underlying the Distributed Ledger applicable to a 
Digital Currency, potentially creating two or more Distributed Ledgers which may or may not be 
incompatible with each other, one in respect of the Digital Currency and one or more in respect of a 
Non-Original Digital Currency; 
“Index” means, in respect of a Class of Index Digital Securities, the Index specified for the Digital 
Securities in the Final Terms. 
“Index Digital Security” means any Class of Digital Securities for which “Index Security” is stated to 
be “Applicable” in the Final Terms relating to such Class of Digital Securities. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index and a Class of Index Digital Securities, the Index 
Sponsor specified as such in the Final Terms relating to a Class of Digital Securities. 
"Index Cancellation" means in respect of an Index, the Index Sponsor in respect of that Index 
permanently cancels such Index..  
"Index Disruption" means in respect of an Index on any Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor fails to 
calculate and announce such Index.  
"Index Disruption Event" means an Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and/or Index Modification.  
"Index Modification" means in respect of an Index that the Index Sponsor announces that it shall 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent digital assets and capitalisation and other 
routine events). 
“Issuer’s Website” means the website having the following internet address: www.wisdomtree.eu or 
such other internet address as may be notified in writing to the Trustee and notified to WT 
Securityholders by Notice under Condition 20; 
“Individual Coin Entitlement” means as at any date and in relation to a Digital Currency forming part 
of the Secured Property for Digital Security of a Class, the amount(s) of such Digital Currency as 
determined in accordance with Annex A Condition 2 (Coin Entitlement); 
“Management Fee” means in respect of a Class of Digital Securities the management fee payable by 
the Issuer to the Manager or any Affiliate or successor of the Manager in consideration for the provision 
by the Manager or any Affiliate of the Manager of all management and administration services in 
relation to the Programme, as set out in the Prospectus, as that amount may be adjusted from time to 
time; 
“Non-Disrupted Day” means each day that is a Business Day or Payment Business Day and is not a 
Suspended Day or a day which falls within a Suspension Period.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
“Non-Original Digital Currency” means a digital currency either (i) created pursuant to a Fork Event; 
or (ii) made available pursuant to an Airdrop Event, which in either case is not identifiable as the Digital 
Currencies currently underlying the Digital Security (and “Non-Original Digital Currencies” shall be 
construed accordingly); 
“Optional Redemption Settlement Date” means in respect of an Optional Redemption: 
(a) 
if Physical Redemption applies, the second Valuation Date that is not a Rebalancing Date 
following the applicable Redemption Notice Date, provided that if the Issuer determines, 
acting reasonably, that the relevant Digital Currency will not be deposited in the relevant WT 
Securityholder Account on such date, the Optional Redemption Settlement Date will be such 
later date which is a Valuation Date on which settlement is completed; and 
(b) 
if Cash Redemption applies, the second Payment Business Day following the date on which 
the Issuer has received in full cleared funds in an Issuer Cash Account the proceeds of the 
sale of the relevant Underlying Asset in respect of the Digital Securities; 
“Physical Redemption” means in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Securities, settlement of 
the Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by delivery of the relevant Underlying Assets in 
accordance with Annex A Condition 3.4; 
“Price per WT Security” Not Applicable; 
“Private Cryptographic Keys” means a secret piece of data allowing the transfer of a Digital Currency 
from one address on the Distributed Ledger applicable to that Digital Currency to another such address; 
“Rebalancing” means an adjustment to the Coin Entitlement of a Class of Index Digital Securities, in 
accordance with Annex A Condition 8; 
“Rebalancing Date” means: 
(a) 
In respect of a Required Rebalancing, the date(s) on which the Index rebalances in accordance 
with its methodology, or if such date is not a Valuation Date, the following Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Voluntary Rebalancing, the date(s) so notified to WT Securityholders by the 
Issuer, 
and the period during which such Rebalancing takes place, being the "Rebalancing Period".  
"Rebalancing Index Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event that the 
Issuer or the Determination Agent on its behalf determines necessitates an adjustment to the Coin 
Entitlement in respect of a Class of Digital Securities pursuant to the Voluntary Rebalancing in 
accordance with Annex A Condition 8 below.  
“Redemption” means the redemption of Digital Securities by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed accordingly); 
“Redemption Amount” means, with respect to an Optional Redemption or Compulsory Redemption 
of Digital Securities of a Class, as applicable, and a WT Securityholder,   
(a) 
in the case of a Physical Redemption or a Compulsory Physical Redemption:  
(i) 
the product of:  
(A) 
the Coin Entitlement with respect to a Digital Security of that Class; and 
(B) 
the number of Digital Securities subject to the Optional Redemption or 
Compulsory Redemption, as applicable, held by that holder,  
less

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Coin Equivalent of the Redemption Deductions in respect of each 
Digital Currency comprising the Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities of that Class 
held by that WT Securityholder, 
(b) 
in the case of a Cash Redemption or a Compulsory Cash Redemption:  
(i) 
the quotient of: 
(A) 
the aggregate of the Base Currency Equivalent of the net proceeds actually realised 
from of the sale of an amount of Underlying Assets attributable or forming part of 
the Secured Property equal to the Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities of that 
Class that are subject to Cash Redemption or Compulsory Cash Redemption (as 
the case may be); and 
(B) 
the proportion that the Digital Securities of such Class held by such WT 
Securityholder and subject to Cash Redemption or Compulsory Cash Redemption 
(as the case may be) bears to the total number of Digital Securities of such Class 
that are subject to Cash Redemption or Compulsory Cash Redemption;  
less 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Base Currency Equivalent of the Redemption Deductions in respect 
of each Digital Currency comprising the Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities of that 
Class held by that WT Securityholder, 
in each case, calculated as at the Optional Redemption Settlement Date or Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date, as applicable, and to the precision as specified by the Delivery 
Precision Level. 
“Redemption Deductions” means, in respect of each Digital Currency comprising the Coin 
Entitlement for a Class of Digital Securities, the Execution Fee and/or any other applicable fees in 
connection with the redemption of Digital Securities as may be specified in accordance with the 
Conditions and this Annex A; 
“Redemption Delivery Procedures” means (i) in the case of Physical Redemption, as set out at 
Annex A Condition 3.4 (Delivery of Digital Currency upon Redemption), or (ii) in the case of Compulsory 
Physical Redemption, as set out at Annex A Condition 4.2 (Delivery of Digital Currency upon 
Compulsory Redemption), as applicable; 
“Redemption Form” means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in content depending on 
the method of Redemption required or elected for, for such Digital Securities) prescribed from time to 
time by the Issuer and includes a Redemption Order and reference to a copy of a Redemption Form 
in the context of a Redemption Order includes a copy of a report generated through the System 
containing the details of such Redemption Order; 
“Redemption Notice Date” means a Business Day on which a valid Redemption Form is received 
provided that a Redemption Form received after such time as set out in the Business Rules on a 
Business Day will be treated as having been received on the next Business Day; 
“Redemption Obligations” means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Digital Security to 
deliver the relevant Underlying Asset(s) (or if applicable, make payment) to the relevant WT 
Securityholder in accordance with the Conditions; 
“Redemption Order” means a request to Redeem Digital Securities given through the System; 
“Redemption Payment Procedures” means (i) in the case of Cash Redemption, as set out at Annex 
A Condition 3.5 (Payment of Cash upon Redemption), or (ii) in the case of Compulsory Cash 
Redemption, as set out at Annex A Condition 4.1 (Payment of Cash upon Compulsory Redemption), 
as applicable. 
“Register” means with respect to each Class of Digital Securities, the register of WT Securityholders 
of that class kept and maintained by the Registrar;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
“Registrar” means with respect to a Class of Digital Securities, such person as may be appointed by 
the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Register; 
“Registrar Agreement” means with respect to the Digital Securities, the registrar agreement entered 
into between the Registrar and the Issuer; 
“repay”, “redeem” and “pay” shall each include both the others and cognate expressions shall be 
construed accordingly; 
“Required Rebalancing” means, with respect to an Index Digital Security, a Rebalancing necessitated 
by and carried out in conjunction with a rebalancing of the Index. 
“Secured Custody Accounts” means Issuer Asset Accounts with respect to a Digital Security, being 
each Distributed Ledger Account to which the Digital Asset(s) for such Digital Security are registered, 
in each case established in the name of the Issuer with the Custodians pursuant to the Custody 
Agreements; 
“Staking Arrangements” means activities which involve setting aside a certain amount of eligible 
digital currency to become an active validating node for the networks proof-of-stake protocol. Staking 
Arrangements are offered by Custodians to participate in the proof-of-stake validation in exchange for 
a participation in the rewards earned. 
“Suspended Day” has the meaning given to it in Annex A Condition 3.9(a); 
“Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Annex A Condition 3.9(a) (and “Suspended 
Period” shall be construed accordingly); 
“Underlying Asset” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms for the relevant Class of Digital 
Securities; 
“Valuation Date” means with respect to a Class of Digital Securities, a day which is a (i) Business Day, 
(ii) a Relevant Clearing System Business Day; and (iii) a day on which a Custodian is open for dealings 
in the Underlying Assets or as may otherwise be set out on the Issuer’s Website; 
“Voluntary Rebalancing” means a Rebalancing other than a Required Rebalancing, which may be 
triggered (without limitation) (i) upon the, Determination Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determining that a Rebalancing is desirable to help reduce tracking 
error with the Index; or (ii) following the occurrence of a Rebalancing Index Disruption Event;. 
“Weight Adjustment Factor” means, in respect of a Class of Index Digital Securities and a relevant 
day, an amount determined by the Determination Agent that represents a change in the Individual Coin 
Entitlement for a Digital Currency comprised in the Coin Entitlement for that Class of Index Digital 
Securities to reflect the quantities of such Digital Currency held in respect of the Digital Securities 
following a Rebalancing (as described in Annex A Condition 8 (which includes execution costs, 
slippage and other costs involved in the Rebalancing), which shall be zero on any day other than a 
Rebalancing Date. The Weight Adjustment Factor for any other Class of Digital Securities shall be 
zero.  
“Weights” means, for a Required Rebalancing and Voluntary Rebalancing, the effective percentage 
weights of the Digital Currencies in the Index derived by the Determination Agent for the purposes of 
that Required Rebalancing or Voluntary Rebalancing; 
“WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin Securities” means the Class of Digital Securities that have Bitcoin 
as the Underlying Asset, as set out in the Final Terms for that Class; 
“WisdomTree Physical Ethereum Securities” means the Class of Digital Securities that have 
Ethereum as the Underlying Asset, as set out in the Final Terms for that Class; 
“WT Securityholder Account” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Physical Redemption, a Digital Wallet;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
(b) 
in relation to any payment specified to be due by the Issuer to a WT Securityholder under these 
Annex A Conditions, an account in the currency of the relevant Base Currency, 
which, in the case of an Authorised Participant, shall be notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer and the Trustee from time to time, and in the case of a WT 
Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant, shall be as specified in the Redemption Form. 
1 
STATUS OF PHYSICAL DIGITAL SECURITIES 
1.1 
Digital Securities do not bear interest and have no final maturity date. 
1.2 
The Issuer shall at all times publish on the Issuer’s Website the Classes of Digital Securities which are 
in issue or available to be issued. 
2 
COIN ENTITLEMENT 
2.1 
Each Class of Digital Security will have a separate Coin Entitlement as follows: 
(a) 
The initial Coin Entitlement on the Issue Date for the first Tranche of Digital Securities of a Class 
will be as set out in the Final Terms for that Tranche of that Class of Digital Securities.  
(b) 
For any day following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of each Class of Digital Securities, 
subject to Annex A Condition 6.2, Annex A Condition 8 and Annex A Condition 9, the Coin 
Entitlement for each Class of Digital Security will be calculated daily to the applicable Coin 
Entitlement Precision Level (as specified in the Final Terms) as per the following formula: 
CE(i,t) = ∑ 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸(𝑖𝑖,𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡) 
 
 
Where: 
 
 
i            refers to the relevant Class of Digital Security; 
j 
refers to each Digital Currency comprised in the Coin Entitlement for the relevant Class 
of Digital Securities on day t; and 
t 
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day).  
 ICE(i,j,t) 
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency comprised in the Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Class of Digital Securities on day t. 
(c) 
For any day following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of each Class of Digital Securities, 
subject to Annex A Condition 6.2, Annex A Condition 8 and Annex A Condition 9, the Individual 
Coin Entitlement in respect of each Digital Currency comprising the Coin Entitlement for a Digital 
Security of a Class will be calculated daily to the applicable Coin Entitlement Precision Level in 
accordance with the following formula:  
ICE(i,j,t) = ICE(i,j, t-1) x ((1 - MF(i,t) - CA(i,j,t)))1/365  + WA(i,j,t-1) 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant Class of Digital Security; 
j 
refers to each Digital Currency comprising the Coin Entitlement in respect of that Class 
of Digital Securities on day t; 
t 
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day);  
ICE(i,j,t) 
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency comprising the Coin 
Entitlement in respect of that Class of Digital Securities for day t; 
ICE(i,j,t-1) is the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Digital Currency comprising the Coin 
Entitlement in respect of that Class of Digital Securities on the day preceding day t;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
MF(i,t) 
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to that Class of Digital Securities on day 
t, expressed as a decimal (so that by way of example 95 basis points per annum is 
expressed as 0.0095);  
CA(i,j,t) 
is the per annum Capital Adjustment Factor in respect of each Digital Currency 
comprising the Coin Entitlement in respect of that Class of Digital Securities on day t, 
expressed as a decimal (so that by way of example 50 basis points per annum is 
expressed as 0.0050);  
WA(i,j,t-1) is the Weight Adjustment Factor applicable in respect of each Digital Currency 
comprising the Coin Entitlement in respect of that Class of Digital Securities on day t 
(which shall be zero in respect of all Digital Securities that are not Index Digital 
Securities and in respect of any Index Digital Securities, on any day that is not a 
Rebalancing Date) 
WA(i,j,t-1) is  WA(i,j,t) on the day preceding day t.   
2.2 
Each Digital Security has a Principal Amount specified in the Final Terms and, without prejudice to the 
provisions of Annex A Condition 3 but subject always to Condition 15.6, a WT Securityholder may elect 
to receive on redemption an amount in the Base Currency equal to the Principal Amount less any 
Redemption Deductions in lieu of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 3.  The Issuer 
acknowledges in the applicable Trust Deed its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate Principal 
Amount. 
3 
REDEMPTION OF DIGITAL SECURITIES 
3.1 
Entitlement on Redemption 
Each Digital Security shall carry: 
(a) 
a right on an Optional Redemption under this Annex A Condition 3: 
(i) 
 if Physical Redemption applies, to delivery of Underlying Assets in the Redemption 
Amount in accordance with the Redemption Delivery Procedures; and 
(ii) 
 if Cash Redemption applies, to payment of the Redemption Amount in the Base 
Currency in accordance with the Redemption Payment Procedures,  
on the applicable Optional Redemption Settlement Date;  
(b) 
a right on a Compulsory Redemption under Annex A Condition 4:  
(i) 
if Compulsory Cash Redemption applies, to payment of the Redemption Amount in 
the Base Currency in accordance with the Redemption Payment Procedures; and 
(ii) 
if Compulsory Physical Redemption applies, to delivery of Underlying Assets in the 
Redemption Amount in accordance with the Redemption Delivery Procedures,  
on the applicable Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date. 
3.2 
Redemptions by WT Securityholders  
(a) 
A WT Securityholder who is also an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to effect an 
Optional Redemption of Digital Securities in accordance with Condition 8.2. Physical 
Redemption shall apply to all Optional Redemptions by a WT Securityholder who is also an 
Authorised Participant unless (i) the Issuer has made the announcement referred to in Annex A 
Condition 3.2(c), and (ii) the WT Securityholder meets any conditions specified therein for Cash 
Redemption to apply.  
(b) 
A WT Securityholder who is not also an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to effect 
an Optional Redemption of Digital Securities in the circumstances specified in Condition 8.3. 
Physical Redemption shall apply to all Optional Redemptions by a WT Securityholder who is not 
also an Authorised Participant unless (i) the Issuer has made the announcement referred to in

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Annex A Condition 3.2(c), and (ii) the WT Securityholder meets any conditions specified therein 
for Cash Redemption to apply.  
(c) 
Cash Redemption of any Digital Securities shall be permitted only once the Issuer has 
announced in accordance with Condition 20 in respect of any Business Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Cash Redemptions of such Class of Digital Securities by a WT 
Securityholder will be permitted. Any such announcement may be general or subject to 
conditions. Any notice by a WT Securityholder requesting a Cash Redemption which is not in 
accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
(d) 
Compulsory Physical Redemption of any Digital Securities shall be permitted only once the 
Issuer has announced in accordance with Condition 20 in respect of any Business Day, or until 
further announcement or generally, that Compulsory Physical Redemptions of such Class of 
Digital Securities by a WT Securityholder will be permitted. Any such announcement may be 
general or subject to conditions. Any notice by a WT Securityholder requesting a Compulsory 
Physical Redemption which is not in accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
3.3 
Redemption Notice 
(a) 
In addition to the requirements as set out at Condition 8.4 (Redemption Notice), in the case 
of a Physical Redemption, a Redemption Form must (i) specify a WT Securityholder Account 
to the extent that it is not already specified in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, 
if applicable, and (ii) if it is lodged by a WT Securityholder who is not also an Authorised 
Participant, certify that such WT Securityholder is not a Prohibited WT Securityholder.  
(b) 
If the Redemption Form does not meet the requirements of Annex A Condition 3.3(a), then 
the Redemption Form shall be invalid.   
3.4 
Delivery of Digital Currency upon Optional Redemption 
(a) 
Where Digital Securities of a Class held by a WT Securityholder are required to be 
redeemed by Physical Redemption, the Issuer shall upon receipt of the relevant valid 
Redemption Form and Acceptable Delivery of such Digital Securities, instruct the relevant 
Custodian to transfer the relevant Underlying Asset(s) attributable to or forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect of such Digital Securities in an amount equal to the Redemption 
Amount with respect to those Digital Securities, from the relevant Secured Custody 
Accounts to the relevant WT Securityholder Account, to be delivered to such account on the 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date.  
(b) 
From the Optional Redemption Settlement Date, in the case of Physical Redemption all title 
to and risks in the Redemption Amount in respect of each Digital Security shall pass to the 
holder of such Digital Securities. The Issuer shall not be responsible or liable for (and no 
Event of Default shall occur by virtue of) any failure by a Custodian to effect a delivery of 
Underlying Assets in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer. However, in the event 
of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming WT 
Securityholder its claims in relation to such Underlying Assets in satisfaction of all claims of 
such WT Securityholder in respect of the Digital Securities to be redeemed and the WT 
Securityholder shall have no further claims against the Issuer, the Trustee or the Secured 
Property. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed shall be 
satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the provisions of this 
Annex A Condition 3.4. 
3.5 
Payment of Cash upon Optional Redemption 
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be redeemed by Cash Redemption, the Issuer shall 
upon receipt of the relevant valid Redemption Form and Acceptable Delivery of such Digital 
Securities, instruct the Determination Agent to sell in accordance with the Determination 
Agency Agreement the relevant Underlying Asset(s) attributable to or forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect of such Digital Securities in an amount equal to the product of 
(i) the Coin Entitlement of a Digital Security of such Class; and (ii) the number of Digital 
Securities subject to Redemption.  For this purpose the Determination Agent may give such 
instructions to any Custodian as are necessary to give effect to such sale.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer the aggregate Redemption Amount with respect to the Digital 
Securities on the Optional Redemption Settlement Date to the relevant WT Securityholder 
through a Relevant Clearing System or, in the case of Digital Securities in Certificated Form, 
by cheque or warrant made payable to the WT Securityholder and sent by post at the risk 
of the WT Securityholder.  
(c) 
The Issuer will only transfer the Redemption Amount to the WT Securityholder subject to such 
WT Securityholder having made Acceptable Delivery of the relevant Digital Securities. 
(d) 
The obligations of the issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed shall be satisfied 
by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the provisions of this Annex A 
Condition 3.5. 
3.6 
Suspension of Redemptions 
If on any Valuation Date (a “Threshold Event Date”) the Determination Agent determines that the 
prevailing market value of the Coin Entitlement in respect of a Digital Security of a Class is less than 
500 percent of the Principal Amount of such a Digital Security: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer may at any time after the Threshold Event Date, for so long as the 
Determination Agent determines that the prevailing market value of the Coin Entitlement 
of a Digital Security of that Class continues to be less than 500 percent of the Principal 
Amount of a Digital Security of that Class, suspend the right to request redemption of 
such Digital Securities pursuant to Annex A Condition 3; and 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer shall give notice convening a meeting of WT Securityholders of such Class 
on a date not more than 30 calendar days after the Threshold Event Date for the 
purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which would have the effect of 
reducing the Principal Amount of a Digital Security of that Class to an amount the 
Determination Agent determines in its discretion. 
Subject as provided in this Annex A Condition 3, the Issuer may at its discretion terminate any such 
suspension at any time. 
3.7 
The following provisions shall apply where Redemptions have been suspended: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the parties to the Programme Documents and, where WT Securityholders other 
than Authorised Participants are entitled to redeem Digital Securities pursuant to Condition 8.3, 
the WT Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20, as soon as reasonably practicable, but 
the failure to give such any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 days, and may continue thereafter 
at the discretion of the Issuer in the case of a suspension pursuant to Annex A Condition 3.8(b), 
if the Extraordinary Resolution referred to in Annex A Condition 3.8(a) above has not been 
passed; and 
(c) 
any suspension that has been implemented in accordance with Annex A Condition 3.6 shall not 
affect any redemption pursuant to an Redemption Form, received (or deemed to have been 
received) on a prior date to that on which the suspension commenced, but any Redemption 
Form in respect of Digital Securities submitted or deemed to be received on a Valuation Date 
when the right to request redemption of the Digital Securities pursuant to Annex A Condition 3 
is suspended pursuant to this Annex A Condition 3.8 shall be invalid. 
3.8 
Disruption Events 
The Determination Agent (or, in the case of a service provider disruption in respect of the Determination 
Agent in accordance with Annex A Condition 3.8(b), the Issuer) may (but is not obliged to), with respect 
to any day, determine that one or more of the following disruption events has occurred or exists on 
such day with respect to a Class of Digital Securities (each such event a “Disruption Event”): 
(a) 
Crypto Trading Disruption: in respect of a Digital Currency comprising the Coin Entitlement for 
a Class of Digital Securities either:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
(i) 
trading and/or settlement in any of the relevant Digital Currency is subject to a material 
suspension or material limitation on any primary exchange or trading facility for the trading 
of such Digital Currency; or 
(ii) 
any primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of any of the relevant Digital 
Currency is not open for trading for any reason (including a scheduled closure); or 
(iii) 
trading in any of the relevant Digital Currency on any primary exchange or trading facility 
for the trading of such Digital Currency has been permanently discontinued or has 
disappeared; 
(b) 
Service Provider Disruption: save as otherwise agreed in the relevant Programme Document(s), 
if all the Custodian(s) for a Class of Digital Securities resigns or their appointment is terminated 
for any reason and a successor or replacement has not yet been appointed, for such time until 
a successor or replacement has been appointed or a notice for Compulsory Redemption has 
been given under Condition 9.3(a)(iv); and/or 
(c) 
Secured Accounts Disruption: any Digital Currency held as Secured Property with respect to a 
Class has been lost or is inaccessible, other than where permitted in accordance with the 
Conditions, this Annex A and the relevant Programme Documents. 
(d) 
Calculation Disruption: in respect of Index Digital Securities only, the Determination Agent acting 
in good faith is unable to calculate the Coin Entitlement for that Class of Index Digital Securities 
(including, without limitation, if it is not possible to determine the Weight Adjustment Factor in 
respect of a Rebalancing Date). 
3.9 
Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension 
(a) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect 
to a Class of Digital Securities on any day, it may (but shall not be obliged to) on the immediately 
following Business Day give notice of the postponement and/or suspension of: 
(i) 
any request for the Redemption of Digital Securities of such Class; 
(ii) 
the settlement of any Redemption of Digital Securities of such Class; and/or 
(iii) 
any Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date, Optional Redemption Settlement Date 
and/or delivery of any relevant Digital Currency or the payment of any amount in 
connection therewith, 
to the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Trustee, and the relevant Custodian, specifying:  
(A) 
the Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing on the relevant day; 
(B) 
whether the suspension and/or postponement relating to such Disruption Event will 
be in respect of a single day (a “Suspended Day”) or for as long as the Disruption 
Event continues (a “Suspension Period”); and 
(C) 
which of the dates and/or events set out in Annex A Conditions 3.9(a)(i) to 3.9(a)(iii) 
will be postponed and/or suspended on such Suspended Day or during such 
Suspended Period, as applicable (and, in determining this, the Determination Agent 
shall consider whether the relevant Disruption Event would disrupt the actions 
required to be performed by the Issuer, any Authorised Participant and/or any other 
Programme Party in connection with Redemption of Digital Securities, and/or any 
Compulsory Redemption of the Digital Securities), 
such notice, a “Suspension Notice”. If the Suspension Notice is in respect of a Suspension 
Period, such period will end when the Determination Agent notifies the Issuer, the Authorised 
Participants and the Trustee that such suspension and/or postponement is over. 
(b) 
The Determination Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event 
has occurred or is continuing with respect to a Class of Digital Securities and any day unless a 
Suspension Notice has been given in respect of a Suspension Period in which case the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Determination Agent’s obligation to monitor the relevant Disruption Event will continue until it 
has determined that such Disruption Event has ceased (following which it will give notification at 
the end of the Suspension Period in accordance with Annex A Condition 3.9(a)). The 
Determination Agent shall have no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, any Custodian, any WT 
Securityholder, any Authorised Participant or any other person for any determination or non-
determination that it makes in respect of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a Suspension Notice, 
give notice thereof to the WT Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20. 
3.10 
Postponement relating to the Redemption of the Digital Securities 
(a) 
If, in respect of a Disruption Event, the Determination Agent has specified in the related 
Suspension Notice that the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date, Final Redemption Date 
and/or Optional Redemption Settlement Date (a “Disruption Postponable Date”) shall be 
postponed until following the end of the Suspended Day or Suspension Period, then if any 
Disruption Postponable Date does occur on the Suspended Day or during the Suspension 
Period, such Disruption Postponable Date shall be deemed to have been postponed until the 
first following Non-Disrupted Day, provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred on 
or prior to the 10th Business Day following such Disruption Postponable Date, the Issuer, acting 
in good faith and in consultation with the Determination Agent, shall determine an appropriate 
method for Redeeming the Digital Securities and determining the Compulsory Physical 
Redemption Transfer Date, Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date, Final Redemption Date 
and/or Optional Redemption Settlement Date, as applicable, for the purposes of such 
redemption of such Digital Securities (a “Disrupted Redemption Method”). For the avoidance of 
doubt, if any Disruption Postponable Date is postponed in accordance with this Annex A 
Condition, then any other dates or periods determined by reference to such Disruption 
Postponable Date that have yet to occur or conclude as at the time of such postponement shall 
also be postponed or adjusted accordingly.  
(b) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following determination of any Disrupted 
Redemption Method, notify each Programme Party and the WT Securityholders of the details of 
such Disrupted Redemption Method in accordance with Condition 20. 
(c) 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Authorised Participant or any WT 
Securityholder in connection with any postponement to the timing, or any amendment to the 
method, in each case in accordance with Annex A Condition 3.10(a), of Compulsory Redemption 
or Optional Redemption of the Digital Securities. 
3.11 
Timings for Redemption of the Digital Securities 
(a) 
A Redemption Form that is lodged by 4.30pm London time on a Business Day will be treated as 
lodged on that Business Day. A Redemption Form that is lodged after 4.30pm London time on 
a Business Day will be treated as having been lodged on the following Business Day.  
(b) 
If Acceptable Delivery of the Digital Securities being Redeemed is not made by 12.00pm on the 
Business Day immediately preceding what would otherwise be the Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date, the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date shall be deferred to be the 
Valuation Date following what would have been the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date. 
4 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
4.1 
Payment of Cash upon Compulsory Redemption 
(a) 
In relation to all Compulsory Redemptions to be effected by Compulsory Cash Redemption 
in accordance with the Conditions and this Annex A, the Issuer will, on:  
(i) 
the Compulsory Cash Redemption Sale Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination)); or  
(ii) 
the Compulsory Redemption Notice Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event), Condition 9.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for cause), Condition 9.6 (Compulsory Redemption for

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
illegality or impossibility), or Condition 9.8 (Compulsory Redemption on Event of 
Default)),  
instruct the Determination Agent to sell in accordance with the Determination Agency 
Agreement the Underlying Asset(s) attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect of the Digital Securities subject to such Compulsory Redemption in an amount 
equal to the product of (i) the Coin Entitlement of a Digital Security of such class, and (ii) 
the number of Digital Securities subject to Compulsory Redemption, calculated as at the 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date. For this purpose the Determination Agent may 
give such instructions to any Custodian as are necessary to give effect to such sale. 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer the Redemption Amount to the relevant WT Securityholder on the 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date through the applicable Relevant Clearing System 
or, in the case of Digital Securities in Certificated Form, by cheque or warrant made payable 
to the WT Securityholder and sent by post at the risk of the WT Securityholder subject (in 
the case of Compulsory Redemption pursuant to Condition 9.3) to the WT Securityholder 
having delivered the Underlying Assets being Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing 
them into an appropriate Relevant Clearing System account (as directed by the Issuer) and 
giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in a Relevant Clearing System or 
delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise having delivered 
such Digital Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer) provided that (in the case 
of Compulsory Redemption pursuant to Condition 9.3) the WT Securityholder has made 
Acceptable Delivery.  
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed shall be 
satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the provisions of this 
Annex A Condition 4.1. 
4.2 
Delivery of Digital Currency upon Compulsory Redemption 
(a) 
In relation to all Compulsory Redemptions to be effected by Compulsory Physical 
Redemption in accordance with the Conditions and this Annex A, the Issuer will give notice 
under the relevant Custody Agreement to such Custodian on:  
(i) 
the Compulsory Physical Redemption Transfer Date (in the case of Redemption 
pursuant to Condition 9.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination)); or  
(ii) 
the Compulsory Redemption Notice Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event), Condition 9.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for cause), Condition 9.6 (Compulsory Redemption for 
illegality or impossibility), or Condition 9.8 (Compulsory Redemption on Event of 
Default),  
to instruct the relevant Custodian to transfer the relevant Digital Currenc(ies) attributable to 
or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Digital Securities in an amount 
equal to the Redemption Amount, from the relevant Secured Custody Accounts to the 
relevant WT Securityholder Account, to be delivered to such account on the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date. 
(b) 
In the case of Compulsory Physical Redemption, all title to and risks in the Redemption Amount 
shall pass to the holder of such Digital Securities on the Compulsory Redemption Settlement 
Date. The Issuer shall not be responsible or liable for any failure by a Custodian to effect a 
delivery of Underlying Assets in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer. However, in the 
event of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming WT 
Securityholder its claims in relation to such Digital Currenc(ies) in satisfaction of all claims of 
such WT Securityholder in respect of the Digital Securities to be redeemed and the WT 
Securityholder shall have no further claims against the Issuer, the Trustee, or the Secured 
Property 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed shall be 
satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the provisions of this 
Annex A Condition 4.2.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
5 
REDEMPTION DEDUCTIONS 
5.1 
On a Redemption of Digital Securities at the request of a WT Securityholder, the aggregate 
amount of the Redemption Deductions (which shall be calculated in respect of each Digital 
Currency comprising the Coin Entitlement in respect of a Digital Security) shall be notified to the 
WT Securityholder at the time of the Redemption pursuant to Condition 20. 
5.2 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Digital Securities by the Issuer, the Issuer shall notify the Class 
of WT Securityholders whose Digital Securities are subject to Compulsory Redemption of the 
aggregate amount of the Redemption Deductions, and their allocation to particular WT 
Securityholders, at the time of the Compulsory Redemption. 
6 
AIRDROP EVENTS 
6.1 
The Issuer shall not actively engage or participate in any Airdrop Event and neither the Issuer nor the 
Trustee are obliged to assess or monitor any Airdrop Event.  
6.2 
The occurrence of a Fork Event may result in the Issuer potentially being able to obtain a Non-Original 
Digital Currency in which case the Issuer may seek not to obtain any Non-Original Digital Currency.  If, 
as a result of a Fork Event, any Digital Currency attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect of a class of Digital Securities has been rendered unavailable or converted into or replaced 
by a Non-Original Digital Currency, the Issuer may reduce the Individual Coin Entitlement for the 
relevant Digital Currency held in the Secured Property that has been lost or converted into or replaced 
by a Non-Original Digital Currency.  
6.3 
Whenever, as a result of the issuance of the Digital Securities, the Issuer becomes automatically 
entitled to receive any Non-Original Digital Currency as a result of an Airdrop Event, the Issuer shall 
not, unless otherwise notified in writing to the Trustee and to WT Securityholders by notice pursuant 
to Condition 20, accept the benefit of the Non-Original Digital Currency, the WT Securityholders shall 
not be entitled to receive any value from the Non-Original Digital Currency and no Non-Original Digital 
Currencies shall be credited to the Secured Custody Accounts or any other account held by a 
Custodian in the name of the Issuer. 
7 
AMENDMENTS TO ANNEX A 
This Annex A may be amended by written agreement between the Issuer and the Trustee in 
accordance with the Trust Deed and the Conditions. Any amendment to this Annex A will be 
notified to WT Securityholders by notice under Condition 20, and unless otherwise agreed by the 
Trustee shall not take effect until at least 30 days following such announcement, save that a 
reduction in any fees may take effect on announcement. 
8. 
REBALANCING OF INDEX DIGITAL SECURITIES 
8.1 
In respect of Index Digital Securities only, the Coin Entitlement shall be adjusted as provided in this 
Annex A Condition 8 (a Rebalancing). 
8.2 
A Rebalancing will take place whenever the Index is rebalanced in accordance with its methodology 
(a Required Rebalancing), and may at the election of the Issuer take place on other occasions if the 
Determination Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that 
a Rebalancing is desirable to help reduce tracking error with the Index or following the occurrence of 
a Rebalancing Index Disruption Event (a Voluntary Rebalancing). 
8.3 
The Issuer shall provide holders of Index Digital Securities with notice of a Voluntary Rebalancing not 
less than 5 Business Days prior to the expected Rebalancing Date of that Voluntary Rebalancing. 
8.4 
The Issuer shall on the Rebalancing Date(s) then instruct the Determination Agent to use reasonable 
endevours to carry out such trading activities as are necessary to match (to the extent reasonably 
practicable) the proportions of the Digital Currency held in respect of the relevant Digital Security to 
the Weights, which may include the addition of a new type of Digital Currency subject to that Digital 
Currency being accepted by a Custodian for custody under the relevant Custody Agreement. 
8.5 
The Issuer shall accordingly adjust the Coin Entitlement of a Class of Index Digital Securities in 
existence to correspond, to the extent possible, to the number, quantity and type of Digital Currencies 
held in respect of such Class of Index Digital Securities immediately following the Rebalancing by

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
applying the Weight Adjustment Factor. If, for whatever reason, the Determination Agent is unable (in 
good faith) to calculate the Weight Adjustment Factor, such as in circumstances where the trading 
activities referenced in Annex A Condition 8.4 above have not completed or settled in full, then the 
calculation of the Coin Entitlement may be postponed until the Weight Adjustment Factor is able to be 
calculated by the Determination Agent. 
8.6 
No money shall be payable by the Issuer to WT Securityholders, or by WT Securityholders to the 
Issuer, in respect of a Rebalancing. 
9. FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; TRANSFERS TO NEW POOLS;  
In respect of Index Digital Securities, the Issuer may at any time (without the consent of the WT 
Securityholders and without giving prior notice) determine to divide any such Class of Digital Security (the 
Existing Securities) by allocating some of the Secured Property attributable to those Existing Securities to 
a new Class of Digital Securities (the New Securities). If the Issuer determines to do so, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer may only transfer all (and not merely some) of the Digital Currenc(ies) attributable to the 
Existing Securities; 
(b) 
prior to or on the transfer becoming effective, the Issuer shall create the New Securities on the 
same terms as the Existing Securities), each having a principal amount determined in accordance 
with Annex A Condition 9(c)  constituted by an instrument or deed on the same terms (mutatis 
mutandis) as the Trust Instrument (for the avoidance of doubt there shall be no obligation to procure 
a listing of the Digital Securities) and on terms that such New Securities shall have recourse only 
to the assets allocated to those New Securities, and (subject as provided in Annex A Condition 9(e) 
and (f)) shall issue such New Securities to the WT Securityholders of the Existing Securities 
outstanding immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective on the basis of one New Security 
for each Existing Security. For this purpose (but subject as provided in Annex A Condition 10(e) 
and (f)) any Digital Security in respect of which an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
shall be treated as outstanding; 
(c) 
the principal amount and Coin Entitlement  each New Security shall be the proportion of the principal 
amount and Coin Entitlement respectively, of each Existing Security outstanding immediately prior 
to the transfer becoming effective that the aggregate Base Currency Equivalent of each Digital 
Currency to be transferred bears to the aggregate Base Currency Equivalent of the relevant Digital 
Currenc(ies) attributable to the Existing Securities, and on the creation and issue of the New 
Securities becoming effective the principal amount and Coin Entitlement of each Existing Security 
shall be reduced accordingly. For the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with this 
paragraph: 
a. Digital Securities which are the subject of Redemption Orders shall be excluded, and the 
principal amounts and Coin Entitlements referred to therein shall be calculated as 
though all such Digital Currenc(ies) had been transferred; and; 
b. Digital Currenc(ies) which have been received for the purposes of an Application Order 
that have not been completed by the issue of Digital Securities shall be excluded, and 
the principal amounts and Coin Entitlement referred to therein shall be calculated as 
though all such Digital Currenc(ies) had not been received; 
(d) 
the Issuer shall enter into a Security Deed(s) with the Trustee in relation to the assets attributable 
to the New Securities, which shall be on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Security Deed(s) 
(the Existing Security Deed(s)) in relation to the Existing Securities, and the Trustee shall release 
the property to be transferred from the Existing Security Deed(s); and 
(e) 
any valid Redemption Order received or deemed received prior to (and being in respect of Digital 
Securities which have not by then been redeemed and in respect of which the Redemption Amount 
has not been paid in accordance with Annex A Condition 4) the date on which such division becomes 
effective, and in each case being valid, shall have effect as if given in respect a proportional amount 
of both the Existing Securities and the New Securities for the purposes of the Redemption intended 
to be effected pursuant to such Redemption Order as determined in its absolute discretion by the 
Issuer;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
(f) 
any valid Application Order received or deemed received prior to (and being in respect of Digital 
Securities which have not been issued) the date on which such division becomes effective, and in 
each case being valid, shall have effect as if given in respect a proportional amount of both the 
Existing Securities and the New Securities for the purposes of the Application Order intended to be 
effected pursuant to such Application Order as determined in its absolute discretion by the Issuer.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of WT Securities of 
any Class, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
WT Securities. In relation to any WT Securities which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has 
endeavoured to include in this Prospectus and the relevant Schedule all of the necessary information except 
for information relating to such WT Securities which is not known at the date of this Prospectus and the 
relevant Schedule and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of WT 
Securities. 
 
Any information relating to any WT Securities which is not included in this Prospectus and the relevant 
Schedule and which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of WT 
Securities will be contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In respect of each Tranche of WT Securities, the related Final Terms must, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, be read in conjunction with this Prospectus and the relevant Schedule. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of WT Securities are the Conditions as completed by the related Final 
Terms.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by WisdomTree Issuer X Limited under its WT Securities Programme 
 
 
Final Terms dated: [ 
] 
 WISDOMTREE ISSUER X LIMITED 
(a public company incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
Issue of 
[number] [Class] Digital 
Securities pursuant to the 
Collateralised Digital Securities 
Programme (the "Digital Securities") 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the WT Securities described herein. 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the Prospectus dated [     ] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ]] (the "Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Digital Securities described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus (and any supplement thereto). 
 
Full information on WisdomTree Issuer X Limited (the "Issuer") and the offer of the Digital Securities is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus (together 
with any supplement thereto) is available on the website of the Issuer at http://www.wisdomtree.eu.  
 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Digital Securities described herein for the purposes of the 
listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange.] [In accordance with Article 43 of the Listing Rules of SIX, the Issuer 
has appointed [ ] located at [ ] as recognized representative to file the listing application with SIX.]  
 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Digital Securities are as follows: [Include whichever of the following 
apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not 
Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Class of WT Securities to which these 
Final Terms apply: 
[WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin]/[WisdomTree Physical 
Ethereum][Name of WT Security][∙] 
2. 
Relevant Currency: 
[USD] / [EUR] / [CHF] / [GBP] / [SEK] 
3. 
Principal Amount: 
[ 
]  
4. 
Number of WT Securities to which these 
Final Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
5. 
Index Security: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Index: [ ] 
Index Sponsor: [ ], which is included in the register of 
administrators pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
6. 
Initial Coin Entitlement: 
On the issue date for the initial seed trade the Coin 
Entitlement is [[   ] Bitcoin], [[ ] Ethereum] [and] [ ] 
[specify Digital Currency]].   
7. 
Initial Issue Date 
The issue date for the initial seed trade is [    ] 
8. 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
9. 
Coin Entitlement on Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
10. Coin Entitlement Precision Level 
[  ] 
11. Delivery Precision Level 
[    ] 
12. Form of WT Securities: 
[Bearer WT Securities – NGN]  
[Bearer WT Securities – CGN] 
[Registered WT Securities] 
[Exchangeable Bearer WT Securities - NGN] 
[Exchangeable Bearer Securities – CGN] 
[Uncertificated Registered WT Securities] 
13. Management Fee: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
14. Relevant Stock Exchange: 
[ 
]/[Not applicable] 
15. Authorised 
Participant/ 
Authorised 
Offeror 
[                                   ] 
16. Custodian(s): 
[                                    ] 
17. Creation 
or 
Redemption 
by 
Non-
Authorised Participants 
 
18. Staking Arrangements 
[Not 
applicable][Staking 
arrangements 
are 
permitted,[give details of the staking  arrangements 
and any fees received by the Issuer in connection to 
those staking arrangements]] 
The Issuer accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[ ] has been extracted 
from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such additional information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading].

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
PART B OF FINAL TERMS – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to the SIX Swiss Exchange 
for the Digital Securities to which these Final Terms apply 
to be admitted to the SIX Swiss Exchange [and] [other].  
[Application [has been] / [will be] made to [●], being the 
operator of the [regulated market] / multilateral trading 
facility] [●] to be admitted to trading on said market place.] 
[The first trading date is expected to be [].]]  
 
 
2.  
Notification: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
3.  
Interests of natural and legal 
persons involved in the issue: 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Digital Securities has an interest material to 
the offer] 
 
4.  
Reasons of the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
 
[As stated in the Prospectus]/ [Specify] 
5.  
Authorisation: 
[As stated in the Prospectus]/[The issue of [ ] was 
authorised on by [ ] on [ ]] 
 
6.  
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
7.  
Distribution: 
[N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled as to be able to make a non- 
exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer should 
be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers may only 
be made into jurisdictions in which the prospectus (and 
any supplement) has been notified/passported] 
 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not Applicable] 
 
8.  
Information about the past and the 
future performance of the 
Underlying Asset and its volatility: 
 
[Include type of Underlying Asset and details of where 
information about the past and future performance of the 
Underlying Asset and its volatility can be obtained.] 
9.  
Operational Information 
 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
 
[ 
] 
 
SIX Security Number: 
 
[ 
] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) and/or listing 
agent(s)(if any): 
 
[ 
] 
 
ECB eligibility: 
The WT Securities are [not] expected to be ECB eligible. 
 
 
 
10.  
Terms and Conditions of the Offer1 
 
 
 
Offer Price: 
 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Offer Period: 
[Not applicable]/[specify (the Offer Period)] 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable][An offer of the Digital Securities may be 
made by the Authorised Offerors other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant member State(s) to which the Base Prospectus 
 
1 Only applicable to non-exempt offers; otherwise this section 8 will be deleted.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
and any supplements have been passported] (Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s]) during the Offer Period.] 
[insert any applicable additional conditions to offer]/[Offers 
of the Digital Securities are conditional upon their issue 
and, as between the Authorised Participants and their 
customers, any further conditions as may be agreed 
between them] 
 
 
Description of the application 
process: 
 
[Application to subscribe for the Securities can be made in 
Sweden through the Authorised Offeror]/[Not 
Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time 
limited for paying up and delivering 
the WT Securities: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Digital Securities will be issued on the 
Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the Coin 
Entitlement] 
 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
 
[Not Applicable/Offers may be made by offerors 
authorised to do so by the Issuer in [   ] to any person [   ]. 
 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
 
[None/give details] 
 
Name and address of financial 
intermediary/ies authorised to use 
the Prospectus, as completed by 
these Final Terms (the "Authorised 
Offerors"): 
 
[        ] [and] [each Authorised Participant expressly named 
as an Authorised Offeror on the Issuer’s website 
(http://www.wisdomtree.eu)] 
 
Country(ies) where the relevant base 
prospectus has been notified: 
The Issuer has requested the SFSA to notify the approval 
of the Base Prospectus to [Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg, 
Netherlands, Norway, Poland and Spain]/ [give updated 
details]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
ANNEX TO FINAL TERMS – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
 
[Issue specific summary of the WT Securities to be inserted if (i) the WT Securities are to be listed on a 
regulated market in the EEA or (ii) publicly offered in a member state of the EEA]