--- Page 1 ---
10242714494-v28 
 
70-41042609 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT US PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S ("REGULATION S") UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT")), LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH REGULATION S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus following 
this page whether received by email, accessed from an internet page or otherwise received as a result of electronic 
communication, and you are therefore advised to read this page carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use 
of the Base Prospectus. In reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions and each of the restrictions set out in the Base Prospectus, including any modifications to 
them from time to time each time you receive any information from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or the Dealers, 
(each as defined in the Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION 
WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION, AND THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN 
THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, US PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL 
SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON 
AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE 
FORWARDED TO ANY US PERSON OR US ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY 
WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY 
OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE 
ANY OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT. 
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view the attached Base Prospectus or make an investment 
decision with respect to the securities that may be offered, prospective investors must be non US persons (as defined in 
Regulation S) located outside the United States. The Base Prospectus is being sent to you at your request, and by accessing 
the Base Prospectus you shall be deemed to have represented to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers that 
(1) (a) you are not a US Person and (b) you will purchase any securities that may be offered in an offshore transaction (within 
the meaning of Regulation S) and the electronic mail address that you gave us and to which this email has been delivered is 
not located in the United States, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia and 
(2) you consent to delivery of such Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. You are reminded that the Base Prospectus 
has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised 
to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other person. The materials relating to this offering do not constitute, and may not be 
used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
The attached Base Prospectus is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United 
Kingdom; or (ii) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order") and (iii) to high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may lawfully 
be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons in (i), (ii) and (iii) above together being 
referred to as "relevant persons"). The Base Prospectus is only available to and is only directed at relevant persons. Any 
person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
The attached Base Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this 
medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arrangers or the Dealers nor any person who controls them nor any director, officer, employee or agent of 
them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between 
the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession the Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers, to 
inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions.

--- Page 2 ---
10242714494-v28 
 
70-41042609 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
WIZZ AIR FINANCE COMPANY B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands having its seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
WIZZ AIR HOLDINGS PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
€3,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
__________________________________ 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Wizz Air Finance Company B.V. (the "Issuer") may 
from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Wizz Air Holdings Plc (the 
"Guarantor"). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement (as defined and described herein)), subject to increase as 
described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview" and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), which is the Irish competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the 
Programme within 12 months after the date hereof. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list 
(the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive (EU) 2014/65 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID 
II"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
The Programme has been rated Ba1 and BBB-, respectively by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch"). Moody's and Fitch are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). Each of Moody's and Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 24 March 
2022) 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The ratings Moody's and Fitch have given to the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme are endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Programme by Moody's and Fitch. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
 
Arrangers and Dealers  
 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS  
Citigroup  
 
 
J.P. Morgan  
 
 
 
14 December 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10242714494-v28 
- iii - 
70-41042609 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of Wizz Air Finance Company B.V. (the "Issuer") and Wizz Air Holdings Plc (the "Guarantor", 
together with the Issuer (the "Responsible Persons")) accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (as defined below) and declares that the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") or any other terms and conditions incorporated by reference 
herein, as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in 
a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final 
Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" 
below that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) material; that such information is true 
and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all 
proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that any information from third party sources has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
such third-party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer and Guarantor have not independently verified any such third-party 
information and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor accept responsibility for the accuracy of such third 
party information. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus nor have they independently verified the information contained herein and none of them makes 
any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in or incorporated into this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and 
offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale

--- Page 4 ---
10242714494-v28 
- iv - 
70-41042609 
 
or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained 
in or incorporated into this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes and the guarantee thereof 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and are subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MiFIR 
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
10242714494-v28 
- v - 
70-41042609 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written 
notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter 
of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final 
Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased 
from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 6 ---
10242714494-v28 
- vi - 
70-41042609 
 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are to a Member State 
of the European Economic Area, references to "Prospectus Regulation" are to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
references to "UK" or the "United Kingdom" are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland, references to "US" or the "United States" are references to the Unites States of America, references 
to "EU" are to the European Union, references to "UK pounds sterling", "£", "pounds sterling" or 
"sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "US$", "$", "US dollars", 
"dollars" or "Dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, 
references to a "fiscal year" or "FY" are to the 12-month period ended on 31 March of the quoted year. 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless 
such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless such 
rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. The Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank 
by virtue of the issue of the Notes. 
Forward-Looking Statements  
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus, any prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by 
reference herein, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements, 
objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are 
"forward-looking statements". These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words 
"believe," "project," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "strategy," "future," "opportunity," "plan," 
"may," "should," "will," "would," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. 
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations and assumptions as at the date hereof and are subject

--- Page 7 ---
10242714494-v28 
- vii - 
70-41042609 
 
to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking 
statements.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
(v) 
financial markets; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above.

--- Page 8 ---
10242714494-v28 
- i - 
70-41042609 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW .......................................................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 33 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................................... 35 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 42 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 88 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............ 104 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................... 106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ...................................................................................................... 107 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................. 144 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .............................................................................. 146 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 147 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 153 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 159 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .......................................................................................................... 163

--- Page 9 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 2 - 
70-41042609 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Wizz Air Finance Company B.V. 
Guarantor: 
Wizz Air Holdings Plc. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under 
the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arrangers: 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited and J.P. Morgan SE. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
J.P. Morgan SE 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited  
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant 
to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms or, as the case may be the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin.  
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that 
they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 3 - 
70-41042609 
 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at 
any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Bearer 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single Series 
or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is 
not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange 
of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment 
of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, 
have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
 
Each Note represented by a Global Note Certificate will either be: 
(a) in the case of a Global Note Certificate which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Global 
Note Certificate to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note Certificate 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to 
such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or

--- Page 11 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 4 - 
70-41042609 
 
currencies other than the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor, on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Maturities: 
No Notes shall be issued with a maturity of less than a year. Notes 
will be subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may 
also be redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates and in 
such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or other variable 
rate the method of calculating interest may vary between the issue 
date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a 
minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or at least equivalent 
in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or 
transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or 
by any entity to whose group the Issuer belongs. Subject thereto, 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Netherlands, Jersey or Switzerland, unless 
the withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will 
(subject to the exception as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) 
pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of 
such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
English law.

--- Page 12 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 5 - 
70-41042609 
 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated Ba1 and BBB-, respectively by 
Moody's and Fitch. The Notes to be issued will be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned 
to the Programme by Moody's and Fitch or the rating(s) assigned to 
the Notes already issued.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes unless such rating is (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes unless such rating is (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the 
United States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, the Netherlands, Jersey, Japan and Singapore, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
Use of Proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer/Guarantor. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 6 - 
70-41042609 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry in which each of them operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the industry in 
which each of them operates and the Notes are the risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the 
most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. 
However, as the risks which the Issuer and the Guarantor face relate to events and depend on circumstances 
that may or may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider among other things, the risks 
and uncertainties described below. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively 
also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of the Issuer and the Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether 
an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. 
Risks associated with COVID-19 
There can be no assurance as to the ongoing or long-term impact of COVID-19 or that similar pandemics 
or outbreaks will not occur in the future 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease known as 
"COVID-19", caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), to be a 
global pandemic. COVID-19 has spread rapidly in all regions around the globe, and has resulted in a rapid 
deterioration of the political, socio-economic and financial situation globally. Whilst the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic is now considerably reduced in large part because of the widespread development 
and roll-out of vaccines, there can be no assurance that further outbreaks (of COVID-19 or other viruses) 
will not occur. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues and there remains a risk of increased 
costs, reduced demand for flights, potential employee absence (whether in respect of Group employees or 
staff included in the proper functioning of airports or maintenance of aircraft outside of the Group) and 
flight cancellations as a result. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (and the consequent change in 
consumer behaviour) on overall long-term demand for air travel, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
on the financial health and operations of business partners of the Group and further governmental actions 
in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic are all highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Group is continuing to monitor the impact which the COVID-19 pandemic has 
had to date, and is expected to have, on its operations and more broadly on the macro-economic outlook as 
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Whilst the full long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is not known as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the COVID-19 pandemic and continued emergency measures applied in relation to the COVID-
19 pandemic across a number of countries such as travel bans, quarantine, elective self-isolation and 
temporary business shut-downs has had a significant impact on the Group, its operations, finances and 
performance. Structural measures have been taken by the Group to ensure the health and safety of its 
passengers and staff and to protect liquidity (including cost savings, workforce cost reductions and balance 
sheet interventions). The Group continues to carefully evaluate developments relating to the COVID-19 
pandemic across jurisdictions given the unprecedented and changing circumstances. 
There can be no assurance that business operations will return to the levels observed prior to the outbreak 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and that the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will be resolved during 2022 
or even 2023, which in turn could result in further adverse effects on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 14 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 7 - 
70-41042609 
 
There can also be no assurance that similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future.  If similar 
pandemics or outbreaks occur in the future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects compared 
to those described in the Base Prospectus, including reduction of operations, grounding of aircraft and 
further structural measures required in relation to passenger health and safety which in turn could result in 
similar or further adverse effects on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or 
prospects.   
COVID-19 has disrupted the Group's ability to execute its strategic plans 
COVID-19 has disrupted the Group's ability to execute its strategic plans in the near term, and there are 
risks to its business, financial results and financial condition associated with executing its strategic growth 
plans in the long-term. In developing its strategic plans, the Group makes certain assumptions, including, 
but not limited to, those related to customer demand, competition, market consolidation, the availability of 
aircraft and the global economy. Actual economic, market and other conditions have been and may continue 
to be different from its assumptions. Demand was and may continue to be significantly impacted by 
COVID-19 which has materially disrupted the execution of the Group's long-term strategic plans. If the 
Group does not successfully execute or adjust its strategic plans in the long-term, or if actual results 
continue to vary significantly from its prior assumptions or vary significantly from its future assumptions, 
the Group's business, financial results and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 
Risk related to finance and the macroeconomic environment 
Shifts in macroeconomic conditions 
The Group's business can be affected by macroeconomic conditions outside of its control, including 
weakening consumer confidence, inflationary pressure and economic instability. During such times 
consumers may choose not to fly or to fly less. The Group has limited control over the impact of 
macroeconomic conditions and there can be no assurance that any such issue will not have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects and therefore on the 
ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee, 
respectively. 
Insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition 
The Group carries, and will continue to carry for the foreseeable future, a substantial amount of debt related 
to aircraft financing commitments, as well as commitments for maintenance and other obligations. 
Although the Group has adequate cash reserves, and has historically been able to generate sufficient cash 
flow from operations to pay debt and other fixed obligations when they become due, the impacts of COVID-
19 and other risks described in the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus may limit the Group's ability 
to do so in the future and may adversely affect its overall liquidity. As a result, the Group has sought and 
may continue to seek new financing sources to fund its operations or capital expenditures. Volatility and 
uncertainty in the global markets generally, and the air transportation industry specifically, may make it 
difficult for the Group to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. 
Interest rate movements could adversely affect the Group 
In addition to currency exchange rate exposure, the Group has some exposure to fluctuations in interest 
rates. Of the 174 aircraft in its fleet as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 10 are currently held pursuant to 
operating leases which are subject to floating interest rates. In addition, the Group is exposed to interest 
rate fluctuations on any undelivered aircraft in respect of which sale and leaseback and Japanese operating 
lease with call option arrangements have been entered into, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
amount to 20 aircraft. The Group is also exposed to interest rate risk in relation to the valuation of financial 
instruments, as they are carried at fair value, and also returns on invested cash. Wizz Air has never used 
financial derivatives to hedge its interest rate risk. Any adverse interest rate movements could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group is exposed to fuel, carbon credit and US dollar price fluctuations 
Fuel costs are the largest component of Wizz Air’s operating costs, accounting for approximately a third of 
Wizz Air’s total operating costs in the financial years before COVID-19. As such, Wizz Air’s operating 
costs are significantly affected by changes in the availability and cost of aviation fuel. Aviation fuel has 
been, and is expected in the future to continue to be, subject to significant price volatility and fluctuations

--- Page 15 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 8 - 
70-41042609 
 
in supply and demand as a result of factors including weather-related events, natural disasters, political 
disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, changes in governmental policy concerning fuel 
production, transportation or marketing, changes in fuel production capacity, unpredictability of demand 
for oil products and environmental concerns. Wizz Air incurs fuel costs in US dollars. Before COVID-19, 
Wizz Air typically hedged a portion of its expected fuel consumption using zero-cost collar instruments 
over a period of 18 months, however the portion and hedge period could be exceeded at the Board’s 
discretion. In June 2021, Wizz Air moved to a "no hedge" policy for the post-COVID-19 period with respect 
to US dollar and jet fuel price risk after carefully evaluating the economic costs and benefits of the 
Company’s hedging programme. Given the sustained and ongoing volatility in commodity prices, Wizz Air 
has decided to reinstate its systemic hedging policy and materially align it to those of its peers. Wizz Air 
put jet fuel price hedges in place for the second half of the financial year ending 2023 in order to reduce the 
exposure of the Group should further extreme volatility in jet fuel prices be observed in the market and 
aims to mirror hedge coverage levels of peer airlines from the financial year ending 2024. The systemic 
hedging policy will be rolled forward quarterly, 18 months out, with coverage levels over time reaching 
indicatively between 65 per cent. for the first quarter of the hedging horizon and 15 per cent. for the last 
quarter of the hedging horizon. As Wizz Air had a policy of not hedging a portion of its projected aviation 
fuel requirements or its US dollar exposure, the Group is more exposed to any increases in fuel and US 
dollar prices than its peers which may result in higher input cost-volatility for the Group. 
Whilst the Group’s committed new engine option ("neo") aircraft order with Airbus (see "The Group has 
significant lease payment obligations and will need to finance its fleet expansion" below) should assist in 
addressing Wizz Air’s exposure to fuel price increase through lower fuel consumption when compared to 
CEO aircraft, a very significant long-term reduction in fuel costs could cause Wizz Air to be disadvantaged 
when compared to other airlines retaining older, less fuel efficient aircraft but with lower capital costs. On 
the other hand, a very significant long-term increase in the price of aviation fuel could lead to reduced 
customer demand for Wizz Air’s services. Wizz Air may be able to mitigate the effect of fuel price rises by 
increasing fares or other passenger charges, but there is no guarantee that this strategy will be sustainable 
nor is there any certainty as to the magnitude or timing of any such rises in the price of fuel. 
If the Group is exposed to sustained significant price volatility and/or increases in prices for jet fuel, carbon 
credits and/or US dollars, there can be no assurance that it will be able to offset such volatility and increases 
by passing these costs on to customers, by cost reductions and/or through hedging arrangements. In 
addition, the Group cannot predict the movement of either short-term or long-term jet fuel prices or carbon 
credits. If the Group is unable to mitigate the effects of fuel, carbon credit or US dollar price risk this could 
significantly increase costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects and therefore affect both the Group's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes. 
Risks relating to political events 
The Group’s business is exposed to political and economic events and trends in the CEE region and 
elsewhere 
A large proportion of the Group’s revenue is attributable to sales on routes to and from CEE destinations. 
Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union in December 1991, many CEE countries, most notably those in 
which the Group currently operates, have undergone significant political and economic transformation, the 
result of which is now generally considered to be a stable political climate. However, as the Group’s organic 
growth strategy depends in part on continuing growth in Gross Domestic Product ("GDP") per capita in 
CEE, to the extent that any of the countries in CEE to or from which the Group flies or may fly in the future, 
experiences reduced economic growth, this could result in a corresponding slowdown in passenger growth 
and, consequently, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects. 
The majority of Wizz Air’s revenue is generated from countries within the EU. A sovereign debt crisis in 
Europe and peripheral countries could undermine the stability and overall standing of the European 
Monetary Union. Despite the measures taken by countries in the Eurozone to alleviate credit risk, concerns 
persist regarding the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries, their ability to meet future financial 
obligations and the overall stability and suitability of the Euro as a single currency. The departure or risk 
of departure by one or more Eurozone countries, or the dissolution of the Euro entirely, or the threat of such 
dissolution, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 16 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 9 - 
70-41042609 
 
Part of the Group’s organic growth strategy envisages expanding its network into countries outside of the 
EU, in particular, UAE, Georgia and Turkey, and into North Africa and the Middle East. These and other 
countries in the region have experienced, and may still be subject to, potential political and economic 
instability caused by changes in governments, political deadlock in the legislative process, contested 
election results, tension and conflict between federal and regional authorities, corruption among 
governmental officials, social and ethnic unrest and currency instability. This historical and potential 
political and economic instability has at times disrupted and may still disrupt the direction and the pace of 
political and economic reforms in the region. There can be no assurance that regional instability, even in 
countries to which the Group does not fly, will not adversely affect the Group’s organic growth strategy or 
otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions outside the EU in which the Group operates, including Macedonia, Albania 
and Serbia, operate foreign exchange controls which could have a material adverse effect on Wizz Air’s 
ability to repatriate revenue from these countries.  
The Group is exposed to risks arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine  
The Group is exposed to geopolitical uncertainties which can cause political and economic instability. Any 
unfavourable political and or economic conditions may result in the cancellation of flights or services 
temporarily or indefinitely which could impact the Group’s business, results of operations,  financial 
condition and/or prospects directly due to cancellation costs, and indirectly as a consequence of demand 
suppression due to a risk of being impacted by cancellations.  
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine (the "Russian Invasion”) which has 
escalated in severity and scale and therefore created market challenges in the form of increased fuel costs, 
ongoing economic instability and inflationary challenges. The Russian Invasion has led to the imposition 
of far reaching economic sanctions and restrictions on Russian entities and individuals by the United States, 
the United Kingdom, the EU, and other countries. These sanctions have negatively affected global markets 
causing instability, particularly in relation to the prices of important energy sources such as oil and gas, 
unfavourable foreign exchange conditions, the availability of Russian airspace for overflights and other 
associated route restrictions, and supply chain issues, including aircraft components. In particular, the 
Russian Invasion has triggered a significant increase in the price of oil and other services, and volatility is 
expected to remain high into the foreseeable future. The Group has resumed the use of standard financial 
market instruments to hedge against the impact of price fluctuations of jet fuel but risks remain (see "The 
Group is exposed to fuel and US dollar price fluctuations" above). 
At the outset of the Russian Invasion, the Group had four leased aircraft grounded in Ukraine. In September 
2022, the Group recovered and regained possession of one aircraft, eventually returning it into service. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the three remaining aircraft are grounded at a secondary airport in Kiev. 
There is a risk that these aircraft may not be operable again if they are damaged or may be delayed in their 
return to service due to deferred maintenance. This could result in the Group incurring maintenance costs 
or liability to the lessors of such aircraft which would negatively impact the cash flow of the Group. 
A destabilisation of the region and continued tensions between Russia and the member countries of the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the EU could also lead to further uncertainty and risks in the 
medium and long-term, including, but not limited to the Russian Invasion spreading to further countries. 
Potential financial losses could result from primary effects, such as not being able to fly to particular 
destinations or at all, but also from significant secondary effects, including a fall in passenger numbers, 
higher insurance premiums or unavailability of insurance cover, higher operating costs due to airspace 
closures, increases in prices for jet fuel, carbon credits and/or US dollars, availability and cost of financing 
or more stringent statutory security requirements which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 10 - 
70-41042609 
 
Risks Related to the Group  
Wizz Air is exposed to the failure or non-performance of Airbus in connection with its aircraft and IAE 
and Pratt & Whitney in connection with the performance and suitability of the IAE V2500 or PW1100G-
JM engines 
If either Wizz Air’s aircraft manufacturer (Airbus) or engine manufacturers (IAE and Pratt & Whitney) 
experiences financial difficulties, goes out of business or defaults on its obligations to Wizz Air, this could 
have adverse consequences for Wizz Air. In particular, Wizz Air would have to find another supplier for its 
aircraft or engines in order to achieve its organic growth strategy. If Wizz Air had to lease or purchase aircraft 
or engines from another supplier, it may encounter significant delays in obtaining the aircraft or engines it 
requires and/or be unable to obtain those aircraft or engines on economic terms comparable to the terms of 
the agreement it has agreed with its existing suppliers. If Wizz Air was unable to obtain aircraft or engines 
from another supplier on terms acceptable to it, or at all, Wizz Air may be forced to consider leasing or 
purchasing aircraft and/or engines made by a different aircraft or engine manufacturer, and, as a result, could 
lose the benefits afforded by a single fleet type. Any replacement aircraft or engines may not have the same 
operating advantages as the A320ceo-family Aircraft or the IAE V2500 type engine or the A320neo-family 
Aircraft and the A321XLR aircraft, or the PW1100G-JM type engine. In addition, Wizz Air may not be able 
to lease or purchase such aircraft or engines within the anticipated timeframe, if at all. Further, the addition 
of any such different aircraft and/or engines would result in substantial transition costs, including costs 
associated with re-training Wizz Air’s employees. 
Wizz Air’s operations could also be harmed by the failure or inability of Airbus, IAE, Pratt & Whitney or 
any other relevant engine manufacturer to provide sufficient parts or related support services for their aircraft 
or engines on a timely basis. Airbus currently has a significant order backlog for the A320neo-family 
Aircraft, which may increase if airlines switch new aircraft orders to Airbus following the extended 
grounding of the Boeing 737-8200 aircraft or invest in new aircraft technology at an increased rate in an 
attempt to fight climate change. Moreover, the cost-effective management of new aircraft deliveries and 
deployments may be affected by many factors beyond Wizz Air’s control. Any delay in the scheduled 
delivery of Wizz Air’s aircraft could result in adverse consequences. If an aircraft is delivered late, Wizz 
Air’s ability to maintain desirable slots and expand its route network and flight frequencies could be 
jeopardised. Moving quickly from aircraft delivery to revenue-generating deployment requires the co- 
ordination of a number of processes, such as pilot hiring and training and increasing the number of flight 
frequencies and routes. If Wizz Air is unable to put new aircraft into service in a quick and coordinated 
manner, it may incur costs and lose anticipated revenue. 
Any such failure or non-performance by Airbus or any relevant engine manufacturer (IAE and/or Pratt & 
Whitney) could therefore have a material adverse effect on Wizz Air’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects and also on Wizz Air’s reputation. 
The Group’s ultra low-cost structure is one of its primary competitive advantages, but many factors could 
affect its ability to control costs 
The Group’s ultra low-cost structure is one of its primary competitive advantages. However, the Group has 
limited control over many of its costs and as prices of services and products are increasing because of 
inflation on a global level and as the Group matures and increases capacity, some of its costs may increase 
or it may not be able to continue reducing costs (including labour costs and aircraft financing costs) to the 
same extent as it is currently able to. For example, the Group has limited control over the price and 
availability of aircraft fuel, aviation insurance, airport and related infrastructure taxes, the cost of meeting 
changing regulatory requirements and the cost to access capital or financing (see further "Interest rate 
movements could adversely affect the Group" and "The Group is exposed to fuel, carbon credit and US 
dollar price fluctuations" above). If the Group’s cost structure increases and it is no longer able to maintain 
a competitive advantage this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group may not be successful in implementing its organic growth strategy 
The Group’s organic growth strategy involves adding further aircraft to its fleet, increasing the frequency 
of flights to and/or adding new routes to markets it currently serves and expanding into new markets where 
it expects its ultra low-cost structure to be successful. In the short-term, the implementation of the Group’s 
organic growth strategy, including pursuant to its 'Go East' initiative, operating more domestic routes and

--- Page 18 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 11 - 
70-41042609 
 
the operations of Wizz Air Abu Dhabi, is expected to lead to higher operating costs resulting from the 
purchase and leasing of additional aircraft, increased fuel and tax costs and higher maintenance and labour 
expenses prior to generating revenue that the Group expects to receive from pursuing its organic growth 
strategy. 
When an airline begins service on a new route, its passenger load factors and, consequently, revenue 
initially tend to be lower than those on its established routes and its advertising and other promotional costs 
tend to be higher while a number of costs are incurred irrespective of load factors including fuel and crew 
costs. Customers may make less use of new routes or additional capacity on existing routes than the Group 
may have expected. New routes may also experience more competition than current routes, or competition 
may otherwise exceed the Group’s expectations. 
The Group will need to enter into airport service agreements in any new markets it enters, and there can be 
no assurance that it will be able to obtain the necessary facilities and services at competitive rates and 
required quality levels. If it is not able to do so, the Group may not be able to operate profitably in those 
markets. Expansion of the Group’s markets and services may also strain its existing management resources 
and operational, financial and management information systems to the point that they are no longer 
adequate to support the Group’s operations and require the Group to make significant expenditures in these 
areas. 
Other challenges relating to the implementation by the Group of its organic growth strategy include: 
• 
the Group’s ability to obtain financing for the acquisition of additional aircraft; 
• 
the Group’s ability to gain access to new routes serving countries outside of the European Union 
(the "EU") and obtain any regulatory approvals required in such jurisdictions; 
• 
the Group’s need to hire a significant number of additional personnel with specific skill sets and 
qualifications, in particular sufficient pilots with appropriate qualifications; 
• 
political and economic conditions in the Group’s existing and new markets, and other drivers of 
passenger traffic in those markets; 
• 
the Group’s exposure to cultural differences when expanding into new countries and the need to 
comply with the legal and regulatory regimes in such countries; 
• 
challenges in maintaining and improving operational and cost efficiency in a growing business; 
• 
challenges in maintaining the Group’s brand and operational integrity across a diverse and growing 
network; and 
• 
challenges in minimising airport costs and other charges over which the Group has limited, or no, 
control in existing and new locations. 
If the Group is unable to manage or implement its planned growth strategy adequately by correctly assessing 
demand, capacity and fares this could significantly increase costs, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects and therefore 
affect both the Group's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive market 
The Group operates in a highly competitive market with a large number of participants, including ultra low-
cost and low-cost carriers, traditional airlines and charter airlines, competing throughout the Group’s route 
network. The Group’s competitors may seek to protect or gain market share through fare-matching or price 
discounting, by offering more attractive flight schedules or services, by introducing new routes, or by 
placing large orders for new aircraft and transferring excess capacity to markets and routes already served 
by the Group or which it is contemplating serving. 
Certain of the Group’s principal and potential competitors, including Ryanair Holdings PLC ("Ryanair") 
and easyJet PLC ("easyJet"), may have more significant market positions, financial leverage, extensive 
flight schedules and greater brand recognition than Wizz Air. Certain other of the Group’s competitors are 
state-owned or backed airlines and such airlines may have received, and may in the future receive,

--- Page 19 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 12 - 
70-41042609 
 
significant amounts of subsidies and state assistance from their respective governments. In addition, other 
ultra low-cost and low-cost carriers may specifically target the Group’s bases in order to compete with the 
Group on its route network. Such competition is likely to adversely affect the Group’s ability to operate 
profitably within its markets. In addition, the Group could face competition in relation to its fares, staff 
recruitment, slot availability and terminal allocation. Such competition may adversely affect the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Historically, the public transportation infrastructure in the Central Eastern European ("CEE") region has 
been under-funded and as a result may be considered to be below the standards of Western Europe. A 
substantial majority of residents in the countries in the CEE region continue to rely on public transportation, 
including buses and trains, as well as automobiles, rather than air transport, and these methods of transport 
constitute a source of competition for the Group’s services. If the Group is unable to change the travel 
preferences of residents of the CEE region or if such travel preferences do not develop as a general trend 
in the future, the Group may experience lower than anticipated demand for its services. In addition, 
significant improvements to the condition and sustainability of the public transport infrastructure and road 
network in the CEE region could have an adverse effect on the demand for the Group’s services and 
adversely affect the Group’s business. 
As a result of these circumstances, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to continue to 
compete effectively with other airlines, any new entrants to the industry or other forms of transport. The 
sustained loss of a significant number of passengers to competing airlines or to alternative forms of 
transport, or a reduction in the Group’s revenue as a result of increased competition in the airline industry, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects and therefore affect both the Group's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and 
the value of the Notes. 
Moreover, industry consolidation could affect the competitive environment of the Group in a number of 
different markets. Wizz Air’s ability to retain its competitive advantage is dependent upon it remaining a 
key player in the relevant markets in which it operates. Consolidation by other key players in the sector 
could cause a loss of market position and erosion of revenue and could have a material adverse effect on 
Wizz Air’s financial condition and prospects and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
to fulfil their obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively. 
The Group is dependent on third-party services and facility providers 
The Group depends on outside services and facility providers for the provision of the vast majority of its 
non-core functions, including airport authorities, air traffic controllers, security personnel, towing and push-
back vehicles, passenger transporters, caterers, check-in staff, baggage-handling, aviation fuel service 
providers and contractors that perform aircraft and engine maintenance, information technology, 
accounting, internal audit and customer services. The Group is reliant on such third parties performing these 
day-to-day services in accordance with relevant contracts and seeks to control third parties’ performance 
through contractually binding performance standards. In particular, the Group is dependent on the 
continued performance of its principal maintenance contractor. Many of the staff employed by such third 
parties will be unionised and certain of such sectors are prone to strike action. Even though the Group 
imposes service standards in contracts, the efficiency, timeliness and quality of contract performance by 
third-party providers are largely beyond the Group’s direct control and if these are inadequate the Group’s 
reputation and performance could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if the Group fails to enter into such 
contracts, renegotiate them on satisfactory terms upon expiration or if the third parties fail to perform their 
obligations in a manner consistent with their contracts, the Group may not recover all or any losses it incurs 
in respect of any breach by third-party contractors of their respective obligations. If a third-party contractor 
engaged to work on behalf of the Group becomes insolvent, it may prove impossible to recover 
compensation for work not completed or defective work or materials and the Group may incur losses as a 
result of funding the repair of defective work or paying damages to persons who have suffered loss as a 
result of such defective work. If any of these third-party services or facilities is restricted, temporarily halted 
(for example, as a result of technical problems or strikes), ceases permanently or is not available on 
commercially acceptable terms, the disruption to the Group’s operations could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 13 - 
70-41042609 
 
Ancillary products and services are a key driver of revenue and profit for the Group and the Group may 
not be able to maintain or increase its ancillary revenue base 
Wizz Air’s business strategy relies upon its portfolio of ancillary products and services as a key driver of 
revenue and profit for the Group and the Company plans to continue expanding the Group’s ancillary 
product and service offering in the future. There can be no assurance that passengers will pay for additional 
ancillary products and services, that passengers will continue to choose to pay for the ancillary products 
and services currently offered by the Group or that changes in legislation, rules or regulations will not 
restrict the extent to which the Group can continue to levy certain charges on passengers for ancillary 
products and services. In addition, as the Company matures it may be difficult to maintain a high growth 
rate for ancillary revenue. Furthermore, the Group’s strategy to increase and develop ancillary revenue 
alongside passenger ticket revenue by charging for ancillary products and services may be adversely 
perceived by its customers which could negatively affect its business. Failure to maintain ancillary revenue 
levels could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects. 
The Group is dependent on attracting and retaining sufficient numbers of qualified employees at 
reasonable costs whilst maintaining good employee relationships 
The Group’s business is labour intensive and requires a significant number of personnel with specific skill 
sets and technical qualifications. In particular, pilots are often in short supply in the European airline 
industry and the Group may have to expend significant amounts of time in recruiting and training new 
pilots. If the Group is unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees at reasonable 
costs, its business and operations could be negatively affected. There can be no assurance that the Group 
will be able to retain employees in key positions or recruit a significant number of new employees with 
appropriate technical qualifications to compensate for the loss of employees or to accommodate its future 
growth. The Group may also face challenges in obtaining work permits or visas for staff based outside of 
the EU. While the Company has maintained a strong employee relationship and avoided mass industrial 
relations within the Group, there can be no assurance that in the future the Group’s employees will not 
resort to industrial action or that the Group will be able to continue to negotiate wages and salaries and 
terms and conditions of employment on terms that support its ability to offer its services at competitive 
prices. Any breakdown in the relationship between the Group and its employees, or any employee bodies, 
any industrial action and/or any inability by the Group to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified 
employees at reasonable costs could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects.  
The Group is dependent on its information technology systems 
The Group’s ability to manage ticket sales, receive and process reservations, check-in passengers, manage 
its traffic network, perform flight operations and engage in other critical business tasks is dependent on the 
efficient and uninterrupted operation of its website and computer and communication systems, on the third 
party service providers and key personnel who maintain these systems, and on the systems used by third 
parties in the course of their co-operation with the Group. Any disruption to the website or any computer 
and communication systems or a failure of the back-up systems used by the Group or third parties, 
particularly if the disruptions persist, could significantly impair the Group’s ability to continue to conduct 
its business efficiently and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Moreover the vast majority of the Group’s total passenger revenue is generated through credit and debit 
card sales. Any disruption or downtime to the Group’s integrated services of card acquirers and payment 
service providers, particularly if the disruption or downtime persists, could significantly impair the Group’s 
ability to conduct its business and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Wizz Air, like all airlines, is subject to cyber security risks and may incur increasing costs in an effort to 
minimise those risks 
As almost all of the Group’s reservations are made through its website and mobile app, security breaches 
could expose it to a risk of loss or misuse of customer information, litigation and potential liability. A third 
party service organisation is used for the reservation process which is also subject to cyber security risks. 
Wizz Air takes steps to secure its website and is fully compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data

--- Page 21 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 14 - 
70-41042609 
 
Security Standard ("PCI DSS"). Nevertheless, the security measures which have been or will be 
implemented may not be effective, and Wizz Air’s systems may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and 
interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including unauthorised access or security 
breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. Wizz Air may not have 
the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. 
Attacks may be targeted at Wizz Air, its customers and suppliers, or others who have entrusted it with 
information. 
In addition, data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including breaches 
by Wizz Air or by persons with whom it has commercial relationships that result in the unauthorised release 
of personal or confidential information. Any such cyber-attack or other security issue could result in a 
significant loss of reservations and customer confidence in the website and its business which, in turn, could 
have a material adverse effect on Wizz Air's operating results or financial condition and potentially entail 
its incurring significant litigation or other costs (for example, GDPR penalty). 
The Group is dependent on the internet as its primary distribution channel 
Almost all of the Group’s total passenger ticket revenue is generated from direct bookings by customers 
and bookings by travel agents directly through the Group’s own distribution channels. Any compromise of 
internet security could deter customers from using the internet or from using it to conduct transactions that 
involve transmitting confidential information. The Group may incur significant costs to protect against the 
threat of security breaches, particularly if the perceived risks of terrorist activity and/or third-party 
misappropriation of information lead to government-imposed increases in internet security and greater 
restrictions on ticket purchases made remotely. Costs may also be incurred in alleviating problems caused 
by security breaches. In addition, alleviating these problems may cause interruptions, delays or 
cancellations in service to the Group’s customers, potentially causing them to stop using its service or to 
make claims against the Group which could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. Furthermore, technical issues may occur with 
the Group’s internally developed mobile telephone applications which could potentially cause the Group’s 
customers to stop using the applications. 
Restrictions on ownership and control of European Economic Area ("EEA") based airlines and 
subsequent changes in the beneficial shareholders of the Group if unremedied could result in a loss of 
license 
Wizz Air Hungary is authorised to operate by virtue of an operating licence issued by the Hungarian 
Aviation Authority and Air Operator's Certificate ("AOC") issued by the European Union Aviation Safety 
Agency (the "EASA"). These authorisations are subject to the Group’s on-going compliance with 
applicable statutes, rules and regulations pertaining to the airline industry, including any new rules or 
regulations that may be adopted in the future. 
The Group’s Hungarian operating licence requires, inter alia, that the majority of its equity capital must at 
all times be owned and be effectively controlled by 'Qualifying Nationals' ("Qualifying Nationals"). 
Qualifying Nationals are, inter alia: (a) EEA nationals; (b) nationals of Switzerland; and (c) in respect of 
any undertaking, an undertaking which satisfies the conditions as to nationality of ownership and control 
of undertakings granted an operating licence contained in Article 4(f) of EC Regulation 1008/2008, as such 
conditions may be amended, varied, supplemented or replaced from time to time, or as provided for in any 
agreement between the EU and any third country (whether or not such undertaking is itself granted a 
licence). As at 28 July 2022, approximately 88.7 per cent. of the Group’s ordinary shares are owned by 
non-Qualifying Nationals. However, the Group has provisions in its Articles that are designed to assist in 
ensuring that it remains majority-owned and effectively controlled by Qualifying Nationals. Pursuant to 
these provisions, the Company has proportionately suspended voting rights and certain related rights 
attaching to ordinary shares held by non-Qualifying Nationals. As a result of the disenfranchisement, non-
Qualifying Nationals cannot attend or speak or vote at any general meetings of the Company in respect of 
their ordinary shares that were subject to disenfranchisement (see further: "The Company has had to 
disenfranchise part of its ordinary shares and may need to disenfranchise further ordinary shares in the 
future" below). Future movements in the ownership of the Company’s share capital may necessitate that 
the Company conducts one or more further disenfranchisements to ensure that adverse implications of a 
potential acquisition by non-Qualifying Nationals of ownership of a majority of the Company’s share 
capital or effective control over the Company be effectively remedied. In case the Company should fail to 
conduct any such further disenfranchisements, the Group may face the risk of Wizz Air Hungary’s

--- Page 22 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 15 - 
70-41042609 
 
operating licence being suspended or revoked, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Temporary suspension or loss of Wizz Air Hungary's, Wizz Air Malta’s, Wizz Air UK's and/or Wizz Air 
Abu Dhabi’s AOCs would result in a suspension of the relevant part of the Group’s operations 
Non-compliance with applicable statutes, rules and regulations pertaining to the airline industry by Wizz 
Air or one of its contractors, for example, through human error or lack of oversight, as observed through 
audits by the EASA or the UK Civil Aviation Authority ("UK CAA") or the General Civil Aviation 
Authority of the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") ("GCAA"), respectively, or non-closure of audit findings, 
could result in the EASA or the UK CAA or the GCAA taking steps to at least temporarily suspend or to 
revoke Wizz Air Hungary’s or Wizz Air Malta's or Wizz Air UK’s or Wizz Air Abu Dhabi’s AOC, 
respectively. This would result in a suspension of the relevant part of the Group’s operations which would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or 
prospects. 
The Group is dependent on positive recognition of its brand by customers and potential customers 
As part of its overall business model, the Group relies on positive brand recognition, among other factors, 
to attract customers. The brand and consumer confidence in the Group may be negatively affected in the 
future by a number of factors, such as concerns about safety, quality of service, reliability and/or 
punctuality, even if unfounded. An event or series of events that materially damages the brand of the Group 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to market its services and attract and retain customers. 
Restoring the brand and reputation of the Group may be costly and difficult to achieve. 
The Group seeks to maintain, extend and expand its brand through communication and marketing 
initiatives, such as press announcements, press conferences and events, social media, online advertising 
and search engine optimisation to increase the visibility of wizzair.com in major search engines’ results. If 
the Group is unsuccessful in maintaining, extending and expanding its brand, this could have a material 
adverse effect on its reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group relies on maintaining a high daily utilisation rate to implement its ultra low-cost structure, 
which makes it especially vulnerable to flight delays or cancellations and aircraft unavailability 
The Group maintains a high daily aircraft utilisation rate. Aircraft utilisation is the total block hours for a 
period divided by the total number of aircraft in the fleet during the period and the number of days in the 
relevant period. The Group’s average daily aircraft utilisation (block hours per aircraft per day) was 12.02 
and 12.03 in the financial year ended 2020 and the financial year ended 2019, respectively and 7.44 in the 
financial year ended 2022 and 4.08 in the financial year ended 2021 due to the impact of COVID-19. The 
Group’s revenue per aircraft can be increased by high daily aircraft utilisation, therefore delays and 
cancellations caused by various factors, many of which are beyond the Group’s control, including air traffic 
congestion, air traffic control problems, processing delays on the ground, adverse weather conditions, 
increased security measures or breaches in security, international or domestic conflicts, terrorist activity or 
other changes in business conditions, could reduce daily aircraft utilisation. In addition, removing aircraft 
for unscheduled maintenance may materially reduce the Group’s average fleet utilisation and may require 
the Group to seek short-term substitute capacity at higher costs. Furthermore, the introduction of the larger 
A321 aircraft into the Wizz Air fleet will lead to longer turnaround times which, in turn, may also result in 
lower aircraft utilisation. As noted in " The Group is exposed to risks arising from the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine" above, the Group currently has three aircraft grounded in Kiev which are out of operation as a 
result of the Russian Invasion. The Group's average daily aircraft utilisation rate is affected whilst these 
aircraft are out of operation. Due in particular to the importance of a high daily aircraft utilisation rate to 
the Group’s strategy, the unavailability of one or more of the Group’s aircraft and resulting reduced capacity 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
Currency exchange rate movements may adversely affect the Group’s profitability 
Further to "The Group is exposed to fuel, carbon credit and US dollar price fluctuations" above, the Group 
no longer engages in US dollar currency hedging transactions in order to reduce its exposure to currency 
fluctuations related to costs incurred in US dollars and US dollar-denominated asset and liability positions.  
As such, in this respect, the Group is exposed to adverse exchange rate movements. Whilst the Group

--- Page 23 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 16 - 
70-41042609 
 
intends to engage in US dollar currency hedging transactions in order to reduce its exposure in the future, 
it currently does not do so and any adverse exchange rate movements in a currency the Group is exposed 
to could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
The Group’s success is dependent on key personnel 
The Group’s success depends significantly on the continued service of its key personnel, in particular its 
Group Chief Executive Officer József Váradi, the other Senior Managers (see Description of the Group – 
Directors and Major Shareholders), the post-holders required by EU regulations (flight operations, crew 
training, ground operations and maintenance), the Wizz Air UK and Wizz Air Abu Dhabi post-holders and 
quality and compliance managers as required by EU and/or other relevant regulations. The loss of the 
services of any of these key personnel without adequate replacement could disrupt the Group’s operations 
and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or 
prospects. The Group does not have "key-man" insurance in place in respect of any of its key senior 
executives. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to retain employees in key positions or recruit a 
sufficient number of new employees with appropriate professional and/or technical qualifications to 
compensate for the loss of key employees or to accommodate the Group’s future growth and the inability 
to fill key positions could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group has significant lease payment obligations and will need to finance its fleet expansion 
The Group leases all of its current fleet of 174 Airbus A320-family aircraft predominantly pursuant to sale 
and leaseback arrangements. The Group’s payment obligations under these non-cancellable leases were 
€470 million for the financial year ended 2022. The Group has contractually committed to acquire 372 
additional A320-family aircraft, including 75 A321neo purchase rights that remain subject to Wizz Air 
shareholder approval as at the date of this Base Prospectus, from Airbus between the date of this Base 
Prospectus and 2029 in order to increase the Group’s fleet size to approximately 450 Airbus A320-family 
aircraft by 2029. The Group has secured financing on 33 of these additional aircraft, to be delivered beyond 
the date of this Base Prospectus, but is yet to secure financing on the remaining 339 committed aircraft, to 
be delivered in the period from the date of this Base Prospectus to 2029. The Company anticipates that 
lease financing will remain the principal source of financing for the growth of the Wizz Air fleet in coming 
years, but will continue to consider alternative forms of financing, especially should these forms offer lower 
cost of financing. Although the Company believes that lease financing and/or debt financing should be 
available for the remaining 339 unfinanced committed aircraft deliveries between the date of this Base 
Prospectus and 2029, the Company cannot provide assurances that the Group will be able to secure such 
financing on terms attractive to it, or at all. While these financings may or may not result in an increase in 
liabilities on the Group’s balance sheet, the Group’s commitments will increase significantly as its fleet 
size increases regardless of the type of financing utilised. The Group's ability to find attractive levels of 
financing in the current macroeconomic environment and the impact of rising interest rates on a global level 
on financing represents a material risk to the operations of the Group. To the extent that the Group cannot 
obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all, the Group may be required to modify its aircraft 
acquisition plans to incur higher than anticipated financing costs, which would have an adverse impact on 
the execution of the Group’s organic growth strategy and business, and ultimately Wizz Air may be unable 
to fulfil its contractual commitments to Airbus. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
On 14 November 2021, Wizz Air announced that it has signed an agreement with Airbus for the purchase 
of a further 102 Airbus A321 aircraft, comprising 75 Airbus A321neo and 27 Airbus A321XLR aircraft, 
with the bulk to be delivered between 2025 and 2027. Under certain circumstances, Wizz Air may acquire 
a further 19 A321neo aircraft. Airbus has also granted and Wizz Air has exercised 75 A321neo purchase 
rights for deliveries in 2028-29. Completion of the 75 A321neo purchase rights remains subject to approval 
by Wizz Air shareholders as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As with previous orders, under the agreement Wizz Air has the right to substitute a number of the Airbus 
A321neo aircraft with the Airbus A320neo and/or A321XLR aircraft and vice versa, depending on its future 
requirements.

--- Page 24 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 17 - 
70-41042609 
 
The Group’s maintenance costs could potentially increase significantly as its fleet ages 
On the basis of the current delivery schedule under the Group’s agreements with Airbus, the average fleet 
age was 4.5 years as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Group currently incurs relatively low 
maintenance expenses per available seat kilometres ("ASK") for its fleet due to the low average age of the 
fleet and multi-year warranties on most of the parts on its aircraft. Maintenance costs could potentially 
increase significantly, both on a per ASK basis and as a percentage of the Group’s operating expenses, as 
the aircraft in the Group’s fleet age and their respective warranties expire, which could result in more 
frequent inspections and higher overall maintenance costs. A material increase in the Group’s maintenance 
costs could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on its operating margin and also on its business, results 
of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
International agreements relating to air services present challenges to the Group’s growth plans 
When the Group flies to or from destinations outside the EEA or Switzerland it does so pursuant to either 
(a) "open skies" arrangements between the EU and the country of destination (for example, Georgia, Israel 
and Moldova) or (b) bilateral air services agreements between an EU Member State and a third country, 
which may have been partially liberalised by a horizontal agreement between the EU and that third country 
or (c) bilateral air services agreements between the UAE and the country of destination. For example, Wizz 
Air Hungary has been designated by Romania to operate between Romania and the UAE and by Hungary 
to operate between Hungary and the UAE under the relevant bilateral agreement, as amended by a 
horizontal agreement between the EU and the UAE. While there has been a steady market opening between 
the EU and its Eastern neighbours in recent years, there can be no guarantee that such process of market 
liberalisation will continue. If there is no full liberalisation (and even if there is, for example, a horizontal 
agreement) in place, then there is a risk that any of the Group’s airlines may face competition for desired 
designations and so may not secure all designations that are required to fully implement its organic growth 
strategy. In addition, some horizontal agreements require the designated operator to have an establishment 
in the countries from which it is flying. This requirement is currently satisfied in many countries from which 
the Group operates by virtue of the local branches established in those jurisdictions. However, if these 
requirements should change or regulators in third countries take a different view, the Group may be required 
to establish or invest in alternative corporate entities or operating subsidiaries in each of the relevant 
jurisdictions, which would lead to additional cost and operational complexity. Any of the foregoing events 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
Climate change  
Climate change has the potential to affect Wizz Air’s operations and broader business in a number of ways. 
In particular, if climate change results in more volatile weather conditions, such as a greater frequency and 
intensity of storms, this could disrupt Wizz Air’s operations by reducing handling capacity at airports and 
ground transport access. Any increase in delayed or cancelled flights would increase disruption costs and 
reduce revenue, as well as having an adverse effect on Wizz Air’s reputation, which may have an adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes and the 
Guarantee, respectively. Changes in wind patterns and jet stream disruption as a result of climate change 
are also recognised as having the potential to increase en route turbulence which could negatively affect 
Wizz Air’s customer satisfaction and retention. Customer attitudes to environmental and climate issues may 
also change and this may lead to a reduced demand for air travel or reputational consequences for less 
environmentally conscious airlines. 
Wizz Air recognises the risk related to oil consumption and CO2 emissions, which are considered a cause 
of climate change. Greenhouse gas emissions and their potential impacts relating to climate change is 
becoming an increasing global regulatory focus. Aviation is already included in the EU and UK Emissions 
Trading Systems.  
On 14 July 2021, the European Commission adopted a package of proposals to make the EU's climate, energy, 
land use, transport and taxation policies fit for reducing net greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55 per cent. 
by 2030 ("Fit for 55"). A number of new proposals, including a revision of the EU Emissions Trading System, 
introduction of kerosene taxation, an additional charge the existing airport-level taxation that was introduced 
generally to offset the kerosene tax exemption by Member States pursuant to the 1944 Chicago convention are, 
amongst other proposals, included in the package. The European Commission's "ReFuel EU" proposal 
provides for a Sustainable Aviation Fuel ("SAF") blending mandate to be implemented. It sets SAF targets of

--- Page 25 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 18 - 
70-41042609 
 
2 per cent. by 2025 to 5 per cent. by 2030 and 20 per cent. by 3035. It is uncertain whether sufficient SAF will 
be available in the market or that the cost of SAF will not have a material adverse effect on Wizz Air’s financial 
results. 
The Group expects to be part of the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation 
("CORSIA") when effective. In October 2016, the International Civil Aviation Organization adopted 
CORSIA with the intention to create a single global market-based measure to achieve carbon-neutral 
growth for international aviation after 2020, which can be achieved through airline purchases of carbon 
offset credits. CORSIA is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally.  
Until new regulations come into force and/or until pending regulations are finalised, future costs required 
to comply with such regulations remain uncertain but are likely to have a significant financial impact on 
Wizz Air’s operating costs and the aviation industry as a whole over time. However, the precise nature of 
future requirements and their applicability to the Company are hard to predict. 
Furthermore, regulations may be introduced in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat 
of climate change related to possible global warming of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels and related global 
greenhouse gas emissions. Until new regulations come into force and/or until pending regulations are 
finalised, future business impacts incurred or costs required to comply with such regulations remain 
uncertain but are likely to have a significant financial impact on Wizz Air’s operating costs and the aviation 
industry as a whole over time. 
The Group has from time to time been subject to investigations and claims relating to state aid which 
could result in penalties and or reimbursement of support received  
The Group generally enters into negotiated arrangements with each airport to and from which it operates. 
It may also enter into negotiated arrangements with relevant local authorities, such as regional tourist 
authorities. There is a risk that, where an airport or authority in the EU is publicly-owned or financed by 
public money, then such arrangements may, if a claim is made, be investigated by the European 
Commission and national competition authorities as to whether such arrangements constitute state aid. 
Between 2011 and 2015, the European Commission has initiated state aid investigations with respect to 
certain arrangements made between Wizz Air and the following airports, respectively: Timişoara, Cluj-
Napoca, Târgu Mureş, Beauvais and Girona. In the context of these investigations, Wizz Air has submitted 
its legal observations and supporting economic analyses of the relevant arrangements to the European 
Commission, which are currently under review. The European Commission has given notice that the state 
aid investigations involving Wizz Air will be assessed on the basis of the new "EU Guidelines on State aid 
to airports and airlines" which were adopted by the European Commission on 20 February 2014. Where 
relevant, Wizz Air has made further submissions to the European Commission in response to this 
notification. In relation to the Timisoara arrangements, the European Commission confirmed on 24 
February 2020 that the arrangements did not constitute state aid. Wizz Air is awaiting decisions in relation 
to the other airport arrangements mentioned herein above. Ultimately, an adverse decision by the European 
Commission could result in a repayment order for the recovery from Wizz Air of any amount determined 
by the European Commission to constitute illegal state aid. Although Wizz Air anticipates that none of 
these ongoing investigations are expected to lead to exposure that is material to the Group, Wizz Air cannot 
be sure until such determinations have been made. See further "Description of the Group – Legal 
Proceedings".  
The Group’s ability to secure advantageous airport services agreements may be adversely affected by 
revised state aid guidelines 
The Group aims to secure the lowest possible charge levels from the airports that it serves, subject to certain 
operational standards and service levels being met. On 4 April 2014, revised European Commission 
guidelines regarding state aid to airports and airlines were published. The new guidelines prescribe, inter 
alia, that agreements between airlines and airports will be considered free of state aid if a private investor, 
operating under normal market conditions, would have accepted the same terms. The suggested method of 
assessing this is to require that such agreements must be incrementally profitable. These guidelines may 
affect the ability of publicly-owned airports and other authorities to agree to such arrangements, even if 
they are of a type which private sector airport operators would readily enter into. If any such agreements 
could not be entered into on terms acceptable to Wizz Air due to these guidelines, Wizz Air’s airport charges

--- Page 26 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 19 - 
70-41042609 
 
may increase and this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial conditions and/or prospects. 
The Group may be unable to adequately protect its interests in certain trademarks, copyrights and 
domain names 
The Group either owns or has registered the trademarks (including logos and trade names), related 
copyrights and domain names that the Group currently uses and the Group believes that it has taken 
reasonable measures to protect its interests in such trademarks, copyrights and domain names. Nevertheless, 
the Group may be subject to claims by other parties asserting interests in such trademarks, copyrights and 
domain names and/or owners of interests in other trademarks, copyrights or domain names similar to the 
Group’s, in each case regarding its past use of its trademarks, copyrights and domain names and its rights 
to continue to use such trademarks and copyrights and domain names. In addition, the Group’s business is 
subject to the risk of third parties infringing the Group’s trademarks, copyrights and domain names. The 
Group may not always be successful in securing protection for, or stopping infringements of, its trademarks, 
copyrights and domain names and the Group may need to resort to litigation in the future to enforce its 
rights in this regard. Any such litigation could result in significant costs and a diversion of resources. Any 
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group could be adversely affected if a number of its aircraft became unavailable at any one time 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group operates a fleet of 168 aircraft. If an aircraft becomes 
unavailable due to unscheduled maintenance, repairs or other reasons, the Group may look to "wet lease" 
(a leasing agreement whereby an aircraft is provided to the Group together with its operating crew, 
maintenance support and insurance) a replacement aircraft for a limited period. As noted in "The Group is 
exposed to risks arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine" above, the Group currently has three aircraft 
which are grounded in Kiev and out of operation as a result of the Russian Invasion. However, the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could suffer if a number of further 
aircraft became unavailable at any one time and it was unable to replace such aircraft on terms that were 
acceptable to it, or at all, within a short timeframe. 
Changes in corporate income tax as a result of the global minimum tax initiative 
On 22 December 2021, the European Commission published its proposed directive to implement the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's ("OECD") inclusive framework on BEPS 
Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules. The proposed directive issued will implement a minimum global 
corporate tax rate of 15 per cent for multinational groups. The new rules may be implemented by 
jurisdictions where Wizz Air operates as early as 2024. Any increase in corporate tax rates applicable to 
the Group may have an impact on its financial performance and results.  
Changes in Swiss tax legislation could affect the Group 
The Company and Wizz Air Hungary are solely tax resident in Switzerland. As from 1 January 2020, 
Switzerland has abolished certain tax regimes, particularly those that provide for different treatment of 
domestic and foreign revenue, with new tax measures that are based on international standards of the 
OECD. This new Swiss tax legislation could have an effect on the Group’s operating results in the future. 
Switzerland has agreed to be a signatory to the OECD Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 proposals with regards to 
minimum corporate tax regime changes. Whilst the details of these changes and proposals are not known it 
is uncertain how these changes will affect the Company with regards to taxation in Switzerland. 
Changes to the Jersey tax regime could affect the Group 
Jersey has agreed to be a signatory to the OECD Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 proposals with regards to minimum 
corporate tax regime changes. Whilst the details of these changes and proposals are not known it is uncertain 
how these changes will affect the Company with regards to taxation in Jersey and elsewhere, especially as 
it is only tax resident in Switzerland and not Jersey.

--- Page 27 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 20 - 
70-41042609 
 
Risks Related to the Airline Industry 
Airlines are often affected by factors beyond their control, including adverse weather conditions, an 
outbreak of a contagious disease, terrorist incidents (or the threat of such incidents), catastrophic loss and 
major accidents or incidents 
As well the Russian Invasion (as described in "The Group is exposed to risks arising from the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine" above), like other airlines, Wizz Air is subject to disruptions caused by factors beyond 
its control, including adverse weather conditions and other natural events, such as the ash cloud generated 
by the eruption of the Eyjafjallajökull volcano in Iceland in April and May 2010. Delays frustrate 
passengers, may affect Wizz Air’s reputation and may reduce aircraft utilisation as a result of flight 
cancellations and increase costs, all of which, in turn, affect profitability. In the event of fog, snow, rain, 
storms or other adverse weather conditions or natural events, flights may be cancelled or significantly 
delayed. An outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-19 (see "Risks associated with COVID-19"), 
swine flu, ZIKA, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) or Ebola, or another contagious disease with 
the potential to become a pandemic, could affect travel behaviour by reducing passenger traffic, either 
generally or to offered destinations. 
Hijacking or other terrorist incidents anywhere in the world, or the threat of such incidents, can significantly 
harm public confidence in the airline industry, reduce passenger traffic or affect general political, economic 
or business conditions in ways that could result in reduced demand for airline transport services, increased 
costs or reduced passenger revenue. Although Wizz Air’s operations are safe and secure, achieving higher 
than industry average safety and security performance levels, security measures have in the past disrupted 
and may potentially in the future disrupt Wizz Air’s business on a temporary or long-term basis. 
In addition, Wizz Air, like all airlines, is exposed to potential catastrophic losses in the event that any of 
the Group’s aircraft is subject to an accident or other catastrophe. This may involve not only the repair or 
replacement of damaged or lost aircraft and its consequent temporary or permanent loss from service, but 
also claims from injured passengers and survivors of deceased passengers. There can be no assurance that 
the amount of the Group’s insurance coverage available in the event of such losses would be adequate to 
cover such losses, or that the Group would not be forced to bear substantial losses from such events, 
regardless of its insurance cover. Moreover, any aircraft accident or incident, even if fully insured, could 
create a public perception that Wizz Air is less safe or reliable than other airlines, which could cause 
passengers to lose confidence in Wizz Air and switch to other airlines or other means of transportation. 
Any of the above events could reduce demand for Wizz Air’s services and have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Company has had to disenfranchise part of its ordinary shares and may need to disenfranchise 
further ordinary shares in the future 
Wizz Air Hungary and Wizz Air Malta hold operating licences issued by the Hungarian and the Maltese Civil 
Aviation Authorities, respectively. These licences allow the airlines to operate air services within the EU. Over 
90 per cent. of the Group's flights and passengers are carried by Wizz Air Hungary under its licence. To retain 
these licences, under EU laws the Company needs to be majority owned and effectively controlled by 
Qualifying Nationals. The UK-EU Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which came into effect on 1 January 
2021, has a very similar ownership and control requirement. Wizz Air Hungary must also comply with this 
requirement to operate services between the EU and the UK. Prior to 1 January 2021, UK nationals were treated 
as Qualifying Nationals, but have not been treated as Qualifying Nationals since this date. Consequently, 
effective 1 January 2021, the Company has implemented a contingency scheme to ensure the Company’s 
continued compliance with applicable ownership and control requirements (see further: "Restrictions on 
ownership and control of European Economic Area ("EEA") based airlines and subsequent changes in the 
beneficial shareholders of the Group if unremedied could result in a loss of license" above). Pursuant to the 
scheme, the Company has from time to time exercised powers under its Articles to disenfranchise enough 
shareholders that are not Qualifying Nationals to ensure that Qualifying Nationals hold the majority of the 
ordinary shares that can vote. Accordingly, as at 28 July 2022, ordinary shares held by non-Qualifying Nationals 
were subject to a disenfranchisement factor of 88.7 per cent. The Company may need to repeat the process in 
the future to the extent that Qualifying Nationals do not hold a majority of the ordinary shares that can vote at 
a relevant time. The risk of disenfranchisement may make the ordinary shares less attractive to investors who 
are non-Qualifying Nationals, which may increase the cost of raising equity capital. This in turn, could have an 
adverse effect on the Company and, in particular, its ability to access financing through such means if required.

--- Page 28 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 21 - 
70-41042609 
 
Profitability in the airline industry can be cyclical and may be adversely affected by political and 
economic uncertainty 
The airline industry tends to experience severe adverse financial results during general economic downturns 
or periods of international and political instability. For example, the impact of COVID-19 (see "COVID-19 
has disrupted the Group's ability to execute its strategic plans"), the ongoing Russian Invasion (see " The 
Group is exposed to risks arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine" above) and general economic 
downturns have had a significant, adverse effect on profitability in the European airline industry and 
demonstrate the susceptibility of the airline industry to global events. As a substantial portion of airline 
travel is a discretionary consumer expense, changes in economic conditions can reduce passenger traffic 
and, consequently, have a substantial adverse effect on the airline industry generally. During downturns, 
the Group may be required to take delivery of new aircraft it has agreed to purchase or lease whether or not 
it requires the additional capacity provided by such aircraft, or may be unable to dispose of unnecessary 
aircraft (whether leased or owned) on financially acceptable terms. Economic uncertainty in some markets 
may also lead certain of the Group’s competitors to shift their capacity to markets and routes served by the 
Group, increasing competition in these markets. Any of the foregoing events could cause a reduction in the 
demand for the Group’s services and create pressure to lower the Group’s fares, which could result in 
material adverse effects on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The airline industry is highly regulated 
Wizz Air’s operating licences are subject to Wizz Air’s on-going compliance with applicable legislation, 
rules and regulations, including any new rules and regulations adopted in the future. Changes to these rules 
and regulations in the future could require the Group to make changes to its operational practices and/or 
business strategy in order to retain its operating licences, which could in turn have an adverse impact on 
the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
In accordance with current EASA regulations (relevant to Wizz Air Hungary and Wizz Air Malta AOC), 
Wizz Air’s pilots and cabin crew cannot fly more than 900 block hours per calendar year and 100 block 
hours in any 28 consecutive days. Under current European and UK regulations, Wizz Air’s pilots and cabin 
crew cannot fly more than 1000 block hours in any twelve consecutive months. Under current regulations, 
Wizz Air Abu Dhabi pilots cannot fly more than 900 block hours in any twelve consecutive months. If 
more stringent restrictions were to be introduced by the European and/or UK authorities, the Group would 
have to employ more pilots and cabin crew with consequential increases in operating costs. 
Regulatory changes affecting the airline industry could have an adverse impact on the Group’s costs, 
flexibility, marketing strategy, business model and ability to expand. It may not be feasible to pass 
regulatory and compliance costs on to the Group’s customers and regulatory charges may affect how the 
Group markets or operates its services. Regulatory authorities may, for example, impose operating 
restrictions at airports served by the Group, such as restrictions on the availability of slots, landing and take-
off curfews, noise restrictions, mandatory flight paths, runway restrictions, limits on the average number of 
daily departures and restrictions on maximum total duty time for crew members. Furthermore, any 
jurisdiction where the Group introduces new routes or operates existing routes may experience a change in 
the regulatory environment.  Changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, or action 
by regulatory authorities, may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects. 
In addition, EU air carriers are generally entitled to set air fares freely as a consequence of EU air 
transportation market liberalisation measures introduced in 1993 and now consolidated in the Air Services 
Regulation, but the Company cannot assure investors that modifications or amendments of existing laws or 
regulations, or new laws and regulations enacted in the future, will not harm the Group’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
All of the EU Member States are subject to the EU airline regulatory regime. Subject to some exceptions, 
the provisions of the EU regulatory regime are also applicable in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, as 
parties to the agreement establishing the EEA, as well as in Switzerland under the bilateral agreement of 
1999 between the EU and the Swiss Confederation on air transport (the "EU-Switzerland Air Transport 
Agreement"). Moreover, under the agreement establishing the European Common Aviation Area (the 
"ECAA") between the EU, its EU Member States, Iceland, Norway and some Eastern European countries 
(Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Kosovo), the latter have agreed to 
the full application of EU aviation law and the opening of their markets to airlines based in the ECAA. As

--- Page 29 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 22 - 
70-41042609 
 
a result, subject to the ratification of the agreement by all signatories, ECAA based airlines such as Wizz 
Air will have open access to an enlarged, ECAA-wide European single market in aviation. Outside the EU, 
the EEA, Switzerland and the ECAA, airline regulation is largely a matter of bilateral arrangements between 
the country in which the airline is based and the country into which it wishes to operate flights. For instance, 
if countries such as Turkey and Russia, which are target markets for Wizz Air, do not relax their airline 
regulations or enter into "open skies" arrangements with the EU or, in the case of Turkey, become an EU 
Member State, it may not be possible for the Group to establish significant operations to or from such 
countries, which could adversely impact the Group’s organic growth strategy. 
Following the UK's withdrawal from the EU ("Brexit"), the Air Services Regulation is no longer applicable 
to the UK. The UK and the EU concluded a trade and cooperation agreement, which is effective from 1 
May 2021 (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"). Under the Trade and Cooperation Agreement 
certain rights are granted for UK and EU airlines to operate flights from the UK to the EU, as further 
detailed under title "European regulatory framework" in this Base Prospectus. 
Given Brexit, the Group is also subject to two separate regimes for slot controlled airports. Any divergence 
in policy on slot allocation between the Airport Coordination Limited in the UK, and the European 
Commission in the EU, could result in additional operational and administrative complexities for the Group 
and increase its costs. 
The Group is subject to increasingly complex data protection laws and regulations 
The Group retains personal information received from customers and has put in place security measures to 
protect against unauthorised access to such information. Personal information held both offline and online 
is highly sensitive and, if third parties were to access such information without the customer’s prior consent 
or if third parties were to misappropriate that information, customers could potentially bring legal claims 
against the Group which, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and/or prospects or which could otherwise harm the reputation of the 
Group and its brand. 
The airline industry is subject to seasonal fluctuations 
Demand for the Group’s services fluctuates over the course of the year, and has historically been higher in 
the summer season and lower in the winter season (except for the days around Christmas, the New Year 
and Easter), while the Group’s costs are incurred more evenly throughout the year. As the majority of the 
Group’s profits are generated in the summer season and the days around Christmas, the New Year and 
Easter, lower demand for air travel, flight cancellations and other factors that adversely affect aircraft 
utilisation during these periods may have a disproportionately adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The airline industry is generally characterised by high fixed operating costs 
Although the Group employs an ultra low-cost business model, the airline industry is generally 
characterised by high fixed operating costs and low profit margins. Fixed operating costs relating to aircraft 
financing, head office and overhead expenses, depreciation, insurance and marketing cost represent 22 per 
cent. and 28 per cent. of total operating expenses for the financial year ended 2022 and the financial year 
ended 2021, respectively. Costs with a partially fixed element (maintenance and crew) accounted for a 
further 18 per cent. and 23 per cent. of Wizz Air’s total operating expenses for the financial year ended 
2022 and the financial year ended 2021, respectively. As a result, changes in the Group’s operating expenses 
may not correspond, and historically have not corresponded, to changes in its revenue and therefore a 
relatively small change in the number of passengers carried by the Group or in the pricing or traffic mix 
obtainable by the Group could have a disproportionate effect on the Group’s profit margins, and thereby 
on its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Moreover, because of this cost structure, with very low marginal costs in respect of passengers occupying 
otherwise vacant seats, the airline industry has been historically susceptible to fare discounting. There can 
be no assurance that the Group’s competitors will not engage in price-cutting activity or other changes in 
services. Such competitive activity could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 30 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 23 - 
70-41042609 
 
EU and international regulation of passenger compensation could result in additional costs 
EU legislation for compensating airline passengers who have been denied boarding on a flight for which 
they hold a valid ticket or whose flight has been cancelled or subject to delays (Regulation (EC) No 
261/2004) came into force in February 2005. This legislation imposes fixed levels of compensation to 
passengers for cancelled flights, except where the airline can prove that such cancellation was caused by 
"extraordinary circumstances" (Case C-12/11) which could not have been avoided even if all reasonable 
measures had been taken. In its Sturgeon judgment (Joined Cases C-402/07 and C-432/07), the European 
Court of Justice (the "ECJ") extended this right of passengers to monetary compensation to cases where 
passengers reach their final destination three hours or more after the scheduled arrival time. In October 
2012, the Sturgeon judgment was confirmed by the ECJ (Joined Cases C-581/10 and C-629/10). Passengers 
subject to long delays (two hours or more for short haul flights) are also entitled to "assistance", including 
meals, drinks and telephone calls, as well as hotel accommodation if the delay extends overnight. For delays 
of at least five hours, the airline is also required to offer the option of a refund of the cost of the ticket and, 
if the passenger has already completed part of the journey, a return flight to the initial point of departure. 
In addition, under the Montreal Convention on the Unification of Certain Rules for International Air 
Carriage, which came into force for all EU countries on 28 June 2004, passengers can claim compensation 
for lost, damaged or delayed luggage. 
On 13 March 2013, the Commission adopted a proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament and 
of the Council amending Regulation (EC) 261/2004 establishing common rules on compensation and 
assistance to passengers in the event of denied boarding and of cancellation or long delay of flights, and 
Regulation (EC) 2027/97 on air carrier liability in respect of the carriage of passengers and their baggage 
by air. The proposal is subject to the ordinary legislative procedure of the EU, which requires the approval 
from both the European Parliament and the Council. On 5 February 2014, the European Parliament adopted 
a legislative Resolution at first reading on the proposal. The draft revised rules envisage to reinforce and 
extend passenger rights to obtain compensation more easily in case flights are delayed or where passengers 
are stranded upon the bankruptcy of an airline, as well as passenger rights in connection with luggage. The 
revised draft rules also provide that airlines may reject a claim for compensation only on the basis of an 
exhaustive listed of predetermined "extraordinary circumstances". However this proposal was not accepted 
and due to political reasons and was put on hold.   
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is subject to claims in connection with delays and/or lost, 
damaged or delayed baggage. The Group has also had a number of claims and complaints arising in 
connection with its implementation of Regulation (EC) No 261/2004. The Company does not consider that 
this is unusual for a commercial airline. However, there can be no assurance that the Group will not be 
subject to an increased number of such claims or complaints in the future, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Besides Regulation (EC) No. 261/2004, the Group is also subject to equivalent UK legislation (the Air 
Passenger Rights and Air Travel Organisers’ Licensing (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 ("APR") 
in relation to compensating passengers for certain flight delays and cancellations. Regulation (EC) No. 
261/2004 and APR remain substantially aligned as at the date of this Base Prospectus. However, the UK is 
not subject to any decisions made by the Court of Justice of the European Union made after 31 December 
2020 on any EU retained law, including Regulation (EC) No. 261/2004. Therefore, there is a risk that in 
the future, case law made by UK courts in relation to Regulation (EC) No. 261/2004 and APR, and other 
EU retained law, is likely to diverge over time. This may result in additional compliance and administrative 
complexities for the Group which will increase its costs. 
Airlines are subject to restrictions with respect to noise pollution and other environmental laws and 
regulations  
Airlines can have their activities restricted on account of noise control regulations. Such regulations could 
become more restrictive in the future, which may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects. The matter was regulated by Directive 2002/30/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 March 2002 on the establishment of rules and procedures 
with regard to the introduction of noise-related operating restrictions at Community airports (as amended 
by Regulation (EC) No 1137/2008). The Directive allowed European governments to impose a stricter 
regime on air travel designed to reduce airline noise emissions by making air travel more expensive and 
therefore less attractive to customers.

--- Page 31 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 24 - 
70-41042609 
 
The Directive was repealed by Regulation (EU) No 598/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 April 2014 on the establishment of rules and procedures with regard to the introduction of noise-
related EU level, directly applicable operating restrictions at EU airports within a balanced approach, which 
entered into force on 13 June 2016. Any increase in costs caused by increased taxation or other regulatory 
regime could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects. The airline industry is also subject to environmental laws and regulations and 
is likely to be subject to more stringent environmental laws and regulations in the future. These 
environmental laws and regulations relate to, among other issues, the use and handling of hazardous 
materials, air emissions, waste management, civil protection, water quality and environmental 
contamination clean-up. These requirements potentially could impose substantial on-going compliance 
costs and operational restrictions on the Group, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. Please also see "Risks Related to the 
Group - Climate Change" above. 
European and UK airlines are subject to the EU and UK Emissions Trading Schemes and the non-
inclusion of flights that are not intra-EU, intra-UK or between the UK and the EU in that scheme could 
create competitive disadvantages 
In February 2009, Directive 2008/101/EC came into force, bringing the aviation industry within the EU 
Emissions Trading Scheme ("EU ETS"). As a result, all flights departing from, and arriving at, EU airports 
have been included within the EU ETS from 2012. The EU ETS delivers a market price for carbon, capping 
total emissions to a fixed limit with operators required to surrender allowances for each reporting year to 
cover their total emissions. The Group does not receive sufficient allowances for its operations and incurred 
costs of €22.8 million, in the financial year ended 2021. The number and cost of such allowances that the 
Group will have to buy on the free market or acquire through auctions is based on the difference between 
those allowances awarded free of charge and those to be surrendered in each year, and the price for these 
allowances. Under the "Fit for 55" proposed legislation, the EU ETS allowances would be phased out over 
the period 2024 to 2027. The inclusion of the aviation sector in the EU ETS is likely to have a substantial 
negative effect on the European aviation industry, including Wizz Air, despite the young ages of its aircraft 
fleet. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain sufficient allowances, or that the cost 
of any additional allowances necessary will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. In addition to the financial impact, inclusion in 
the EU ETS imposes administrative burdens (in particular, monitoring and reporting obligations) on 
participants. 
While a challenge to the inclusion of the aviation industry into the EU ETS on the grounds of international 
law was rejected by the ECJ in 2011 (Case C-366/10), a number of non-EU countries, including China, 
India, Russia and the United States, remain strongly opposed to the inclusion of international aviation in 
the EU ETS. After the Council of the International Civil Aviation Organisation ("ICAO") agreed to seek a 
timely solution for a global market-based measure scheme for emissions from international aviation, in 
April 2013 the Council of the EU adopted a decision temporarily deferring enforcement of the obligations 
of aircraft operators in respect of incoming and outgoing international flights under the EU ETS for 2012 
("stop the clock"). This derogation, which applied from 24 April 2013, temporarily exempted airlines from 
the EU ETS requirement to report carbon emissions for flights between EU airports and third countries and 
sanctions will not be imposed for failure to report. The EU ETS continues to apply in full to intra-EU flights. 
The EU ETS Aviation Amending Regulation came into force on 30 April 2014 (Regulation (EC) No. 
421/2014 amending Directive 2003/87/EC). It established a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance 
trading within the Community, in view of the implementation by 2020 of an international agreement 
applying a single global market-based measure to international aviation emissions. The Regulation 
amended the EU ETS by extending the effect of the stop the clock decision of 2013 until 31 December 
2016, exempting small non-commercial aircraft operators from 2013 to 2020 and postponing obligations to 
report emissions for flights within the EEA. In 2017 the Regulation was amended extending the effect of 
the stop the clock decision by 31 December 2023. The large majority of Wizz Air’s flights are intra-EU.  A 
UK Emissions Trading Scheme ("UK ETS") replaced the UK’s participation in the EU ETS on 1 January 
2021 on substantively the same terms. Compliance with the above emissions trading schemes may result 
in competitive disadvantage to the Group which could have a material adverse effect on its business.  
Airlines may be adversely affected by restrictions at airports and in airspace 
Congestion is a problem in the European airspace where the Group operates. Further, the availability and 
cost of terminal space, slots and aircraft parking are critical to the Group’s operations. Ground and

--- Page 32 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 25 - 
70-41042609 
 
maintenance facilities, including gates and hangars, and support equipment, will be required to operate 
additional aircraft in line with the Group’s organic growth plans. The Group consider that these restrictions 
are less of an issue for Wizz Air than many other airlines as the Group operates primarily from secondary 
airports which have significant spare capacity and where the Group does fly to congested airports, such as 
London-Luton, its flights often constitute in-bound traffic for such airports and take up off-peak capacity. 
However, these restrictions may limit the Group’s ability to provide or increase services at certain airports 
and may cause the Group to incur additional costs. Any inability to lease, acquire or access airport facilities 
on reasonable terms or at preferred times to support growth could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
In addition, a number of the airports to which the Group operates, such as Dortmund, Paris-Beauvais, 
Eindhoven, Brussels-Charleroi, Rome-Ciampino, Memmingen, Hamburg-Lübeck, Venice-Treviso and 
Gothenburg, apply curfews on take-off and landing during night hours or additional extensions to existing 
restrictions. Some of these curfews are strict and will require the diversion of aircraft if arriving inside the 
curfew hours. Other airports, such as Budapest, Sofia and Cologne, are more flexible and allow aircraft to 
land within curfew hours, although the relevant airport may levy additional charges and noise surcharges 
for doing so. If other airports to which the Group operates implement curfews, the Group is likely to incur 
additional costs associated with such curfews, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Airlines are reliant on the provision of air traffic control services 
Further growth of European air traffic is likely to increase the pressure on the air traffic control system 
which may result in service disruptions. Air traffic control systems are also subject to disruptions resulting 
from technical or other operational failures. The Group currently deals with a significant number of 
different air traffic control authorities (there is one body per country, which in many cases is broken up into 
different regions) each of whom applies strict protocols to routes, such as following national borders and 
reserving large areas of airspace for military use, which can lead to increased congestion. In addition, air 
traffic control services are generally a state-owned monopoly supplier. Such services tend to be heavily 
unionised and prone to strike action, which can also result in service disruptions. Given the importance of 
Wizz Air’s high levels of aircraft utilisation to the implementation of its ultra low-cost business model, 
service disruptions may affect Wizz Air more than other airlines and any such disruptions could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Airline insurance may become too difficult or expensive to obtain 
The Group carries insurance for public liability, passenger liability, property damage and all-risk coverage 
for damage to its aircraft. While there have been occasions where certain governments have been prepared 
to offer war-risk insurance when insurers have withdrawn cover in response to acts of terrorism or war, 
there can be no assurance that this will be repeated. For example, in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in 
New York and Washington D.C. on 11 September 2001, airline insurers withdrew war-risk insurance. At 
the same time, insurers and re-insurers raised premiums for airline insurance in general, although such 
premiums increased significantly in a short period and have generally continued to increase since 2002. 
More recently, airline insurers and re-insurers have included clauses in their insurance contracts which are 
intended to exclude or significantly curtail coverage for certain risks involving so-called weapons of mass 
destruction. If insurers or re-insurers exclude coverage for these risks or such coverage is not available on 
commercially reasonable terms then, if insurance cover is not available from another source (for example, 
a government entity), the Group may not be able to insure against those risks and, at its most extreme, the 
Group may not be able to carry on its business and may ultimately be forced to cease its operations. 
Airport, airspace and landing fees and other costs which all airlines incur may increase 
Certain types of operating costs to which all airlines, including Wizz Air, are subject (for example, airport, 
airspace and landing fees) have increased significantly in recent years and there can be no assurance that 
such costs will not continue to rise. The Group seeks to limit the impact of such costs by flying primarily 
to and from secondary airports and having at least one alternative airport for as many significant 
destinations as possible. The Group also seeks to mitigate such costs by agreeing long-term deals with key 
airports with volume rebates wherever possible. However, these factors may not always be sufficient to 
protect the Group from such increased costs. Future events or developments could also result in heightened 
security regulations for air traffic, which will increase costs further.

--- Page 33 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 26 - 
70-41042609 
 
In addition, agreements between airport operators and other administrative authorities and airlines are 
subject to increasing scrutiny from national and EU regulatory bodies charged with enforcing competition 
law. Whilst the Group’s management does not intend knowingly to enter into airport agreements which are 
unlawful, there can be no assurance that any agreement that the Group has entered into or may enter into in 
the future with an airport operator or other authority, in relation to the airports or regions the Group serve, 
will not be subject to similar scrutiny or that the Group’s costs would not be adversely affected as a 
consequence. 
Any such cost increases could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
Increases in government taxes, the imposition of additional taxes or charges could adversely affect the 
Group’s business 
Airport taxes are levied as a fixed tax on the sale of airline seats in many of the countries in which the 
Group operates. An increase in such taxes could lead to the loss of customers who are highly sensitive to 
increases in ticket price. In addition, because the Group’s fares are often lower than those of other airlines, 
increases in taxes which are not proportionate to ticket price would have a larger proportionate effect on 
the Group’s fares than those of the Group’s competitors, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
If airfares become subject to value added tax, other sales taxes or environmental taxes in the future, and it 
was not feasible for the Group to pass on this cost to all of its customers, this would increase the Group’s 
operating costs. If the Group was unable to pass on increases in fees, charges or other costs to its customers 
the Group charges, or if doing so resulted in reduced passenger demand, the resulting increase in the 
Group’s operating costs could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
In addition, over the past few years, there have been discussions at an EU level and within EU Member 
States regarding the existing tax exemptions for aviation fuel and a specific proposal was formulated as 
part of Fit for 55. As such, there can be no assurance that the current tax exemptions for aviation fuel will 
be maintained and any change to these exemptions could lead to a substantial increase in the Group’s 
aviation fuel costs which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued and for 
which there is such a market). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, 
general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and/or Guarantor. Although 
application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official 
List and to trading on Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, there is no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an 
active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of 
any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes and, therefore, any prospective purchaser should be 
prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity or final redemption of such Notes. In addition, liquidity may 
be limited if the Notes are offered to a limited number of investors. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Netherlands, Switzerland or Jersey and or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the

--- Page 34 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 27 - 
70-41042609 
 
Conditions. In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies 
that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option or obligation in certain other circumstances, the Issuer 
may choose or may be obligated to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be 
relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer and payment with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes (in Classic Global 
Note form or in New Global Note form) or Global Registered Notes (which may or may not be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS")). Such Global Notes and Global Registered Notes will be deposited 
(in the case of a New Global Note or NSS) with a common safekeeper, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as 
operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") or (in all other cases) with a common depositary, as the case may be. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Registered Note, investors will not be 
entitled to receive Definitive Notes or Individual Note Certificates. Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global registered Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of a common 
depositary or common safekeeper (as applicable) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Registered 
Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under 
the relevant Notes. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has any responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or the Global Registered 
Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or the Global Registered Notes will not have a direct 
right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent 
that they are enabled by Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes in New Global Note and New Safekeeping Structure form 
The New Global Note and New Safekeeping Structure form has been introduced to allow for the possibility 
of debt instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible 
collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
However in any particular case such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that Notes that are intended to satisfy the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria will in fact do so. Notwithstanding any statement in the relevant Final Terms relating to 
an issue of Notes, investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined below) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such Specified Denomination. In such case a Holder (as defined below) who, as a 
result of trading such amount, holds a principal amount not an integral amount of such Specified 
Denomination may not receive a Note in definitive form corresponding to such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to 
an integral multiple of such Specified Denomination. 
Taxation 
Potential investors of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or

--- Page 35 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 28 - 
70-41042609 
 
other amounts or delivery of securities under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax 
laws of those countries. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significant lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Modification and waiver 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Notes, the Conditions, the amended and restated deed of 
guarantee dated 14 December 2022, as amended, supplemented and/or restated as at the Issue Date (the 
"Deed of Guarantee") and the amended and restated deed of covenant dated 14 December 2022 as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated as at the Issue Date (the "Deed of Covenant") may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially and adversely impact 
the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Notes may bear interest at a fixed rate. Investment in fixed rate notes involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the fixed rate notes. If interest rates start 
to rise then the income to be paid by the fixed rate Notes might become less attractive and the price upon 
any sale of such Notes could fall. 
Discount or Premium 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as 
Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest 
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Conflicts of Interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements

--- Page 36 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 29 - 
70-41042609 
 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the terms of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: (i) the Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
benchmarks 
EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented (see "Uncertainty about the future of EURIBOR may 
adversely affect the return on the Notes and the price at which the Notes can be sold" below). These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU and the UK, respectively. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the benchmarks regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a benchmark, such as the Floating Rate Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), or result in 
adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative

--- Page 37 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 30 - 
70-41042609 
 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities 
(including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition 
Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the benchmarks regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and €STR, or any related index, as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated

--- Page 38 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 31 - 
70-41042609 
 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.

--- Page 39 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 32 - 
70-41042609 
 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 33 - 
70-41042609 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin, shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of the 
Guarantor in respect of the year ended 31 March 2021 (set out on pages 107 to 155 and 156 to 166, 
respectively, of the 31 March 2021 annual report of the Guarantor ("Annual Report")) which can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://wizzair.com/static/docs/default-source/downloadable-
documents/corporate-website-transfer-documents/annual-reports/wizz-air-holdings-plc-annual-
report-and-accounts-2021_c86fdf69.pdf;  
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of the 
Guarantor in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022 (set out on pages 131 to 184 and 185 to 194, 
respectively, of the 31 March 2022 annual report of the Guarantor ("Annual Report")) which can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://wizzair.com/static/docs/default-source/downloadable-
documents/corporate-website-transfer-documents/annual-reports/wizz_air-annual-report-and-
accounts-f22_final---pwc-confirmed_061d7bd2.pdf; 
3. 
the unaudited consolidated interim management statement prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards of the Guarantor in respect of the six months ended 30 
September 2022 which can be viewed online at https://wizzair.com/static/docs/default-
source/downloadable-documents/corporate-website-transfer-documents/results-and-
presentations/f23-hy-interim-report---vf_7d6720cb.pdf (the "Unaudited H1 2023 Financials"); 
4. 
the audited financial statements prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the EU (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of the 
Issuer in respect of the first 21-month financial period from incorporation until 31 March 2022, 
which can be viewed online at https://wizzair.com/static/docs/default-source/downloadable-
documents/corporate-website-transfer-documents/emtn-programme/wizz-air-
finco_annual_report_31-03-2022_8c914b4d.pdf ; and 
5. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 37 to 67 of the base prospectus dated 4 
August 2020 which can be viewed online at https://wizzair.com/static/docs/default-
source/downloadable-documents/corporate-website-transfer-documents/emtn-programme/base-
prospectus-2020_9ca7d04f.pdf; and  
6. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 37 to 67 of the base prospectus dated 15 
November 2021 which can be viewed online at https://wizzair.com/static/docs/default-
source/downloadable-documents/corporate-website-transfer-documents/memorandum-of-
association/base-prospectus---wizz-air-emtn-u21-10217322044-v29_03a6d0b3.pdf.  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Guarantor and the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent and also at https://wizzair.com/en-gb/information-and-services/investor-
relations/investors/emtn-programme. Any information contained in any of the documents specified above 
which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 34 - 
70-41042609 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 35 - 
70-41042609 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types 
of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer and the Guarantor have included in this 
Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not 
known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference 
in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted in the case of Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or on another market or stock exchange, 
or are to be unlisted, by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 36 - 
70-41042609 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the 
Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. Luxembourg ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-US beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-US beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-US beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-US beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 44 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 37 - 
70-41042609 
 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented 
on issue by Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with

--- Page 45 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 38 - 
70-41042609 
 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-US beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-US beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs:

--- Page 46 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 39 - 
70-41042609 
 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code."

--- Page 47 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 40 - 
70-41042609 
 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary 
legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be 
held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that 
registered debt securities in global registered form held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in 
accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and

--- Page 48 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 41 - 
70-41042609 
 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then, at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) each person shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (or any other relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interest in the Notes 
(each an "Accountholder") shall acquire under the Deed of Covenant rights of enforcement against the 
Issuer ("Direct Rights") to compel the Issuer to perform its obligations to the Holder of the Global 
Registered Note in respect of the Notes represented by the Global Registered Note, including the obligation 
of the Issuer to make all payments when due at any time in respect of such Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions as if such Notes had (where required by the Conditions) been duly presented and surrendered 
on the due date in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Direct Rights shall be without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Global Registered Note 
may have under the Global Registered Note or otherwise. Payment to the Holder of the Global Registered 
Note in respect of any Notes represented by the Global Registered Note shall constitute a discharge of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant to the extent of any such payment and 
nothing in the Deed of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to the 
order of any person other than the Holder of the Global Registered Note. 
As a condition of any exercise of Direct Rights by an Accountholder, such Accountholder shall, as soon as 
practicable, give notice of such exercise to the Holders of the Notes of the same Series in the manner 
provided for in the Conditions or the Global Registered Note for notices to be given by the Issuer to 
Noteholders. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 49 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 42 - 
70-41042609 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Wizz Air Finance Company B.V., a private company with limited liability 
(besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of 
The Netherlands, having its seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, having 
its office address at Herikerbergweg 238, Luna ArenA, 1101 CM Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands and registered with the Dutch Commercial Register (Handelsregister) under 
number 78645131 (the "Issuer"), has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes") guaranteed by Wizz Air Holdings Plc (the "Guarantor"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and 
paying agency agreement dated 14 December 2022, as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated as at the Issue Date (as defined below) (the "Agency Agreement"), between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", 
which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein 
(together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the 
Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated deed of 
guarantee dated 14 December 2022, as amended, supplemented and/or restated as at the 
Issue Date (the "Deed of Guarantee"), entered into by the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by an amended 
and restated deed of covenant dated 14 December 2022, as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated as at the Issue Date (the "Deed of Covenant"), entered into by the Issuer. 
(f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Guarantor and the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent and copies may be obtained from the Fiscal Agent. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their 
detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and

--- Page 50 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 43 - 
70-41042609 
 
the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified 
Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published 
by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
relevant Final Terms, any weekday that is a US Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in 
respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 51 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 44 - 
70-41042609 
 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the

--- Page 52 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 45 - 
70-41042609 
 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 53 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 46 - 
70-41042609 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to 
but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(g) (Change of 
Control); 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with

--- Page 54 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 47 - 
70-41042609 
 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any 
person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means Wizz Air Holdings Plc and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the 
Deed of Guarantee; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer − Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
− Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 120 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 48 - 
70-41042609 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant 
redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time a Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than Wizz 
Air Abu Dhabi) which has a total income representing 10 per cent. or more of the 
consolidated total income of the Group, total revenue representing 10 per cent. or more of 
the total revenue of the Group, or total assets representing 10 per cent. or more of the 
consolidated total assets of the Group, in each case calculated on a consolidated basis in 
accordance with the then most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer − Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer − Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 56 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 49 - 
70-41042609 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal 
financial centre of such Participating Member State as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, or a Transfer Agent (as applicable) by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a 
right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent, the Registrar, or a 
Transfer Agent (as applicable) to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with 
such Paying Agent, the Registrar, or a Transfer Agent (as applicable) by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Other than in the case of US dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which 
the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term 
Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 
7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of

--- Page 57 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 50 - 
70-41042609 
 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or 
further Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of or represented 
by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument 
which is, or is intended to be listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any 
securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 58 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 51 - 
70-41042609 
 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, or are Registered Notes, references to 
Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions) to have 
the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives 
no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a 
Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 59 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 52 - 
70-41042609 
 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the 
case of Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" 
and "Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be 
issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note 
Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded 
in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name 
such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in 
the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the 
endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce 
any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) 
(Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered 
Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred 
and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified 
Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note 
Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender 
of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) 
above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate 
of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at 
its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or 
(at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail 
if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of

--- Page 60 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 53 - 
70-41042609 
 
Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed 
by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests 
in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. The obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the 
Guarantor shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security 
Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness other than a Permitted Security Interest without (a) at the same time or prior thereto 
securing the Notes or the Guarantor's obligations under the Deed of Guarantee equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes or the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Deed of Guarantee as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means 
(a) 
any Security Interest which directly or indirectly secures any aircraft or aircraft equipment 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing on property at the time of the acquisition thereof by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries, provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition and 
that the amount secured by such Security Interest is not increased subsequently to the 
acquisition of the relevant property. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments − Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 
(Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 61 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 54 - 
70-41042609 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) 
shall apply to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such 
Notes specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable 
in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The 
Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon 
as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day thereafter. If the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once it has received the aforementioned notification 
from the Calculation Agent, notify such exchange of the same as soon as possible after 
such receipt and no later than the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange.  
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 
(Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in 
respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;

--- Page 62 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 55 - 
70-41042609 
 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
If the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where:

--- Page 63 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 56 - 
70-41042609 
 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number

--- Page 64 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 57 - 
70-41042609 
 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have 
the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
SONIA (Screen Rate Determination): This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". Where "SONIA" is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e):

--- Page 65 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 58 - 
70-41042609 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest

--- Page 66 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 59 - 
70-41042609 
 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no 
such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for 
the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if it is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the

--- Page 67 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 60 - 
70-41042609 
 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
SOFR (Screen Rate Determination): This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(i) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f)(i): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average 
of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with 
the specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f).  
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a 
US Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or 
holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance 
with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily 
SOFR rate for any US Government Securities Business Day that 
immediately precedes one or more days that are not US Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days 
from and including such US Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following US Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded 
SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the 
relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 
7(f)(ii) below will apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of US Government Securities Business Days in:

--- Page 68 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 61 - 
70-41042609 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant US Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first US Government Securities Business 
Day in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day 
in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest 
Period, the date falling "p" US Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" US Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any US Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such US Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following US Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" US Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" US 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" US Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of US Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five US 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any US Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such US 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the immediately following US Government 
Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
or 
(ii) subject to Condition 7(f)(ii) below, if the rate specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing

--- Page 69 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 62 - 
70-41042609 
 
Rate as published in respect of the first preceding US 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the US Government Securities 
Business Day falling "p" US Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant US Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant US 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in US government securities. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time (as defined 
below) that a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined below) and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined below) have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement (as defined below) 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (as defined below) from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(B) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the Notes or any other party.  
For the purpose of this Condition 7(f)(ii):  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the

--- Page 70 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 63 - 
70-41042609 
 
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement;  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for US dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for US dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer 
determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement

--- Page 71 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 64 - 
70-41042609 
 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date 
will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, 
the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 72 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 65 - 
70-41042609 
 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iii) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under Condition 7(f)(ii) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(f); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(g) 
€STR (Screen Rate Determination): This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". Where "€STR" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each 
Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 73 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 66 - 
70-41042609 
 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such 
TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the 
administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, 
as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, 
the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date

--- Page 74 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 67 - 
70-41042609 
 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no 
such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement Days. 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g) above, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is 
required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant 
Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the 
€STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which 
€STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(g), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination): This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate 
for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where:

--- Page 75 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 68 - 
70-41042609 
 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the 
SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, 
or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London 
Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, US Government 
Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be 
the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number of Index Days" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
but, unless otherwise specified shall be five;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, 
or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded 
Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination 
was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), as applicable) had 
been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) 
(as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number of Index Days 
specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if: (i) 
(in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect 
of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)) shall apply; and (ii) (in the case of SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of 
SOFR, the provisions of Condition 7(f)(ii) shall apply. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless

--- Page 76 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 69 - 
70-41042609 
 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 
48 hours after the date of determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period, 
such recalculation to be promptly notified to the Issuer and the Paying Agents. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 7(l) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due 
and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be 
determined by reference to any of Conditions 7(e) (SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 
7(f) (SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(g) (€STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 
7(h) (SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination)), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the 
Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the 
Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser): Other than in the case of a US dollar-
denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "SOFR", if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 7(n)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 7(n)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 7(n)(iii)).

--- Page 77 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 70 - 
70-41042609 
 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 7(n) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, 
liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n)(ii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and 
all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
7(n)(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the 
relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);  
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 7(n) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
7(n)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the 
Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as the Fiscal Agent may be required in order to 
give effect to this Condition 7(n)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(n) prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily €STR with respect to the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily €STR applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. If there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily €STR 
shall be the Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily €STR that would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(n)(iv) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n).

--- Page 78 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 71 - 
70-41042609 
 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(n); and  
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such 
changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
further enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
As used in this Condition 7(n): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);

--- Page 79 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 72 - 
70-41042609 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the 
Specified Currency;  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(n)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date;  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the

--- Page 80 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 73 - 
70-41042609 
 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 10 (Payments − Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – 
Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as not being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of 
the Notes) would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) on the Guarantee of the Notes 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of

--- Page 81 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 74 - 
70-41042609 
 
Switzerland or Jersey or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court 
of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due; or 
2. 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, has 
or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as 
the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
provided however that, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par 
Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will be 
redeemed at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes. 
In this Condition 9(c):  
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means: (A) the outstanding nominal amount of the 
relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest for the 
Remaining Term of the Notes to be redeemed (not including any interest accrued on such 
Notes to, but excluding, the date of redemption) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the applicable Day Count Fraction) 
at the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time plus the Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 75 - 
70-41042609 
 
"CA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination 
Agent as having a maturity comparable to the Remaining Term of the Notes to be 
redeemed and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the Remaining Term of such Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank 
appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices); 
"Quotation Time" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if the Determination Agent advises the Issuer that, at the time at which the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Amount is to be determined, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, 
the relevant security specified is not appropriate for such purpose, such other central bank 
or government security as the Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer 
and with the advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be appropriate; 
"Reference Bond Price" means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker 
Quotations for the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call), after excluding the highest 
and lowest of such five Reference Market Maker Quotations (or, if there are two highest 
and/or two lowest quotations, excluding just one of such highest quotations and/or one of 
such lowest quotations, as the case may be), (ii) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer 
than five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all 
such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, 
the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
"Reference Market Maker Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Market 
Maker and any Optional Redemption Date (Call), the average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent at the Quotation Time on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Market Makers" means five brokers or market makers of securities such as 
the Reference Bond selected by the Determination Agent or such other five persons 
operating in the market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the 
Determination Agent in consultation with the Issuer;  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Rate Determination Date, 
the rate per annum equal to the equivalent yield of the Reference Bond for a period equal 
to the Remaining Term of the Notes, calculated using a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for 
such Reference Rate Determination Date; 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling three London Business 
Days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call); and  
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if Par Redemption Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date. 
(d) 
Issuer Residual Call Option: If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and, at any time (other than following application of Condition 
9(c)), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the 
aggregate nominal amount of a Series of Notes, the Notes of such Series may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating

--- Page 83 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 76 - 
70-41042609 
 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) at the Residual Call Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as 
the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice 
to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in 
part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to 
be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Minimum Redemption Amount 
or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed in accordance with Condition 9(c) shall in no 
event be less than the minimum so specified in respect of each Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) nor, when aggregated with all prior principal amounts of Notes of the same Series 
so redeemed in accordance with Condition 9(c), be greater than the maximum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put 
Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 
9(f), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, deposit (in the case of the Bearer Notes) with any Paying Agent such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Note Certificate with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. The Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent with which 
a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due 
and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or 
refused, the relevant Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent, as 
applicable, shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold 
such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held 
by a Paying Agent, the Registrar or a Transfer Agent in accordance with this Condition 
9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent, the Registrar or a Transfer 
Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Change of Control: This Condition 9(g) is applicable to the Notes only if Change of 
Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, whereupon, 
if at any time while the Notes remain outstanding a Change of Control (as defined below) 
occurs and within the Change of Control Period a Downgrade (as defined below) of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of that Change of Control occurs and that Downgrade is 
expressed by the relevant Rating Agency to be due, in whole or in part, to the Change of 
Control (an "Early Redemption Event"), the Issuer or, as relevant, the Guarantor, will: 
(i) 
immediately after becoming aware of the Early Redemption Event, publish this 
fact by way of a notice pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices); and

--- Page 84 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 77 - 
70-41042609 
 
(ii) 
determine and publish pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices) the effective date for 
the purposes of this subparagraph (the "Effective Date").  
The Effective Date must be a Business Day (as defined below) not less than 60 and not 
more than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding the Early Redemption Event 
pursuant to subparagraph (g)(i). 
If the Issuer, or, as relevant, the Guarantor, has published a notice regarding an Early 
Redemption Event pursuant to subparagraph (g)(ii), any Noteholder may, at its option, by 
submitting a redemption notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent (the "Early Redemption Notice"), demand from the 
Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date of any or all of its Notes which are or were not 
otherwise declared due for early redemption, at their principal amount, plus interest 
accrued on their principal amount until (but excluding) the Effective Date. Each Early 
Redemption Notice must be received by the Fiscal Agent not less than 10 days prior to the 
Effective Date. 
Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made by means of a written notice to be delivered 
to the Fiscal Agent together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Noteholder's 
depository bank that such Holder at the time of such written notice is the holder of the 
relevant Notes. Early Redemption Notices shall be irrevocable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time during the Change of Control Period a 
Reinstatement (as defined below) occurs, any Early Redemption Notices received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or after the calendar day following the date on which the Early 
Redemption Cancellation Notice (as defined below) is published may be disregarded at 
the Issuer's sole discretion. Immediately after becoming aware of a Reinstatement, the 
Issuer or, as relevant, the Guarantor, will publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to 
Condition 19 (Notices), specifying that such Reinstatement has occurred and that the 
option of the Noteholders to demand from the Issuer redemption of any or all of its Notes 
as of the Effective Date has been terminated (an "Early Redemption Cancellation 
Notice"). For the avoidance of doubt, where the Fiscal Agent has received a valid Early 
Redemption Notice prior to the calendar day following the date of the Early Redemption 
Cancellation Notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the relevant Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 9(g). 
A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group, acting in concert, gains Control of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
"Control" means (i) any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership of, or any direct 
or indirect legal or beneficial entitlement to, in the aggregate, more than 50 per cent. of 
the ordinary shares of the Issuer or the Guarantor, the right to directly or indirectly appoint 
a majority of the directors of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other ability to control the 
affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (ii) in the event of a tender offer for shares of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, circumstances where (A) the shares already in the control of the 
offeror and the shares with respect to which the offer has been accepted carry in aggregate 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer or, as relevant, the Guarantor, and 
(B) at the same time the offer has become unconditional, or (iii) the disposal or transfer 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor of all or substantially all of its assets to another person or 
other persons. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier 
of (1) the date of the first public announcement of a Change of Control; and (2) the date 
of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement and ending 90 days after the 
Change of Control. 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any actual or potential bidder relating to any 
potential Change of Control where within 180 days of the date of such announcement or 
statement, a Change of Control occurs.

--- Page 85 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 78 - 
70-41042609 
 
A "Downgrade" occurs if a solicited credit rating assigned to the Issuer's or the 
Guarantor's long-term unsecured debt by a Rating Agency: (i) was rated at or above BBB- 
(Fitch) or Baa3 (Moody's) at the start of the Change of Control Period, and is downgraded 
below BBB- (Fitch) or Baa3 (Moody's); (ii) was rated below BBB- (Fitch) or Baa3 
(Moody's) at the start of the Change of Control Period, and is downgraded by at least one 
full rating notch; or (iii) is withdrawn or ceases to be assigned (other than temporarily). 
"Rating Agency" means each of the rating agencies of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch"), or Moody’s Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and their respective successors 
to their ratings business. 
A "Reinstatement" occurs if within the Change of Control Period the relevant Rating 
Agency subsequently upgrades (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstates (in the case of a 
withdrawal or cessation) such rating: (i) in the case of part (i) of the definition of 
Downgrade, to at least BBB- (Fitch) or Baa3 (Moody's); or (ii) in the case of parts (ii) or 
(iii) of the definition of Downgrade, to the credit rating assigned at the start of the Change 
of Control Period or better.  
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above, or through purchase and cancellation in 
accordance with paragraphs (j) and (k) below. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any 
time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with 
them may at their option be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments − Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in paragraph (a) above.

--- Page 86 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 79 - 
70-41042609 
 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at 
the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the US 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase − Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase − Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 13

--- Page 87 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 80 - 
70-41042609 
 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of Registered Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the US 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 88 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 81 - 
70-41042609 
 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments 
of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment 
and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of 
payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect 
of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant 
Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, 
the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Netherlands, Jersey or Switzerland or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor shall pay 
such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(iv) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered 
for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.

--- Page 89 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 82 - 
70-41042609 
 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than the Netherlands or Switzerland respectively in respect of 
payments made by it of principal or interest on the Notes and Coupons, references in these 
Conditions to the Netherlands or Switzerland shall be construed as references to the 
Netherlands or Switzerland, as applicable and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: default is made in the payment of any amount of principal or any amount 
of interest in respect of the Notes on the due date for payment thereof and the default 
continues for a period of 30 days in the case of principal or interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee 
of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross default: any present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Material Subsidiary for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised, other than the 
Notes and any moneys borrowed or raised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary from any other member of the Group, shall not be paid when it shall become 
due and payable on its stated maturity date (following the giving of such notice, if any, as 
required under the document governing such indebtedness and as extended by any 
applicable grace period) or becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of the occurrence of any default or event of default, or the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or 
future guarantees for, or indemnity in respect of, any such financial indebtedness (other 
than in respect of any such guarantee or indemnity granted in favour of any other member 
of the Group) unless the aggregate amount of all such financial indebtedness or guarantees 
or indemnities is less than €150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) or the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
is disputing in good faith by appropriate proceedings that such financial indebtedness is 
due or such guarantees or indemnities are callable, in which case such event shall not 
constitute an event of default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been finally 
adjudicated against the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may 
be; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (which is not being disputed 
in good faith by appropriate proceedings) for the payment of any amount in excess of 
€150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), whether individually 
or in aggregate, is rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof 
or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent 
or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator, examiner or liquidator 
is appointed (or application or petition for any such appointment is made) in respect of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or the whole or any substantial part of 
the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary, (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary takes any action for 
a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens

--- Page 90 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 83 - 
70-41042609 
 
to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business, in the case of (iii) or (iv) above 
other than in the case of a solvent reorganisation; or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or  
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction that 
has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor 
not to be) in full force and effect, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
In the case of an Event of Default occurring in relation to a Material Subsidiary, the 
Guarantor will, following the publication of the consolidated financial statements of the 
Guarantor, promptly notify Noteholders that such Event of Default has occurred. All such 
notifications will be made in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent 
or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, 
that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and

--- Page 91 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 84 - 
70-41042609 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more 
than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at 
which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Fiscal Agent may determine in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company (the "Substitute") that 
is the Guarantor or a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, provided that no payment in respect of 
the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made 
by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each 
Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental

--- Page 92 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 85 - 
70-41042609 
 
charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of 
the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon, the Deed of Guarantee or 
the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution;  
(ii) 
where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under 
the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed of Guarantee; 
(iii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including 
the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute, and, in the case of the Deed Poll and the 
Deed of Guarantee, of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are 
in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(v) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been made available to the 
Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a 
leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (i) above 
and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iii) 
above and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll; and  
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), stating that copies, or 
pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution 
that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as 
material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents.  
References in Condition 13(b) (Events of Default – Breach of other obligations) to 
obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee shall be deemed to include obligations under 
the Deed Poll, and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in 
Condition 13(i) (Events of Default – Guarantee not in force) shall be deemed to include 
that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe), or via the Companies 
Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin if so required. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading

--- Page 93 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 86 - 
70-41042609 
 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe, or via the 
Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin if so required. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in respect of the Notes or the 
Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the 
currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order 
or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing 
a claim or proof against the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, (b) obtaining an order or 
judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall, failing whom the Guarantor, indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, and delivered to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the 
second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary 
course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid 
to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons (including any 
non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the courts of England 
are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that 
it will not argue to the contrary. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(d) 
Service of process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the documents which 
start any proceedings arising out of or in connection with a Dispute, the Notes or the 
Coupons ("Proceedings") and any other documents required to be served in relation to 
those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Wizz Air Hungary Ltd. at 
Suite 1, 3rd Floor 11-12 St. James' Square, London, SW1Y 4LB, or to such other person 
with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as 
the Issuer or Guarantor respectively may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. 
Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, 
it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer or the Guarantor). If for any reason such

--- Page 94 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 87 - 
70-41042609 
 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in England or 
Wales, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute 
process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of 
any Noteholder or Couponholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 95 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 88 - 
70-41042609 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive (EU) 
2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA")][EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 96 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 89 - 
70-41042609 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
WIZZ AIR FINANCE COMPANY B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
WIZZ AIR HOLDINGS PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 14 December 2022 [and the supplemental base 
prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.]1 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [4 August 2020 as supplemented by the supplemental 
base prospectus dated 11 January 2021]/[15 November 2021]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of 
the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 14 December 2022 [and the 
supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set 
forth in the base prospectus dated [4 August 2020 as supplemented by the supplemental base prospectus 
dated 11 January 2021]/[15 November 2021] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation.]2 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing [at 
[https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies 
may be obtained from [address]]. 
[The expression "Prospectus Regulation" used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]3 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
2   
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
3   
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 97 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 90 - 
70-41042609 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Wizz Air Finance Company B.V. 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Wizz Air Holdings Plc 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[[•] and integral multiples of [•] in excess 
thereof [up to and including [•].] No notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[•][•] 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]+/– 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below – see 
"Provisions relating to Interest (if any) 
payable") 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100]/ [•] per cent. of 
their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put]

--- Page 98 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 91 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
 
[Change of Control Put/Put Event] (The 
placeholder here should reflect the name 
ascribed to any "event risk" put in the 
Conditions) 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below – see 
"Provisions relating to redemption")] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
 
(iii) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee respectively 
obtained: 
[•] and [•], respectively 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
[Interest Determination Date: 
[•] in each year] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•], subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/No 
Adjustment] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 99 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 92 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable] 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/US 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/US 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number of Index Days 
shall be 5) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination 
Date has the meaning specified in Condition 
7(e), 7(f) or 7(g)) [London Banking Days/US 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]

--- Page 100 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 93 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / 
JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index (each as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions). These are the options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
([Designated] Maturity will not be relevant 
where the Floating Rate Option is a risk free 
rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in [(v)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
-Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback

--- Page 101 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 94 - 
70-41042609 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
-Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
[Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be 
less than zero] / [The Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall not be less than [•] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA)]

--- Page 102 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 95 - 
70-41042609 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date (Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(Call): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii)  
Make-Whole Redemption Amount:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(see further paragraph 19 below)  
 
(iv) 
Par Redemption Date:  
[Insert date of first possible par redemption. 
Typically three months prior to the Maturity 
Date] / [Not Applicable]  
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[[Per the Conditions]/[•]] 
18. 
Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[•] basis points/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Quotation Time: 
[[5.00 p.m.] [Brussels/[•]] time /  
Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date (Put): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
of each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[[Per the Conditions]/[•]]

--- Page 103 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 96 - 
70-41042609 
 
21. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (The placeholder 
here should reflect the name ascribed to any 
"event risk" put in the Conditions) 
 
[(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
[(ii) 
Put Period 
[•]] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options as specified above and in the 
Conditions should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of 
the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: 
 
 
"[€100,000] 
and 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]") 
25. 
[New Global Note]/[New Safekeeping 
Structure]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]. 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.]

--- Page 104 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 97 - 
70-41042609 
 
Signed on behalf of Wizz Air Finance Company B.V.: 
 
By:  .......................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of Wizz Air Holdings Plc: 
 
By:  .......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 105 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 98 - 
70-41042609 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on its 
regulated market with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
The Notes to be issued [have not been]/[have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH: [•] 
 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [•] 
 
[Other: [•]] 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the European Securities and Markets Authority's ("ESMA") website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority]/[European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA")]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as 
of [insert date of most recent list]) on the [European Securities and Markets Authority's

--- Page 106 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 99 - 
70-41042609 
 
("ESMA")][ESMA's] website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]  
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
has not applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the [European Securities and Markets 
Authority's ("ESMA")][ESMA's] website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]  
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the [FCA's] website. [The rating [insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]  
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the 
UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme

--- Page 107 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 100 - 
70-41042609 
 
is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]]. 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] 
(the "UK CRA Regulation")].  
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA or in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable. 
3. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Names and addresses of 
Managers and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount of 
the underwriting commission and 
of the placing commission: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no Key Information 
Document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)

--- Page 108 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 101 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no Key Information 
Document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)]" 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[General financing purposes][•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business]. [Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Give 
name(s) 
and 
address(es)]

--- Page 109 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 102 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] / 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
9. 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
10. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended 
apply, 
such 
that 
[name 
of 
administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ 
[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 110 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 103 - 
70-41042609 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the UK Benchmark 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of UK 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the UK, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment

--- Page 111 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 104 - 
70-41042609 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all 
other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner 
in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or 
the Guarantor in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes and Global Registered Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 112 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 105 - 
70-41042609 
 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Conditions 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase − Redemption at the option of Noteholders) and 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of 
Control) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within 
the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice 
of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase − Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 113 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 106 - 
70-41042609 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Wizz Air Finance Company B.V. ("Wizz Air Finance Company") was incorporated as a private 
company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under and 
subject to the laws of The Netherlands on 22 July 2020. Wizz Air Finance Company is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Wizz Air Holdings Plc. 
Wizz Air Finance Company's corporate seat (statutaire zetel) is in Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and it is registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 78645131. Wizz Air 
Finance Company's registered office is situated at Herikerbergweg 238, Luna ArenA, 1101 CM 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its telephone number is + 31 20 5755600. 
The authorised share capital of Wizz Air Finance Company is €1.00 and is represented by 100 
shares having a nominal value of €0.01 each. The share capital of Wizz Air Finance Company is 
fully subscribed by Wizz Air Holdings Plc, as the sole shareholder. 
Wizz Air Finance Company issued share capital is €1.00 which is divided into 100 shares with a 
nominal value of €0.01 each and which has not been paid up. The entire issued share capital is 
owned by Wizz Air Holdings Plc. It is stipulated in the articles of association of Wizz Air Finance 
Company that the nominal value of the issued shares need only be paid after a call therefore has 
been made by the company. 
2. 
MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS 
Board of Managing Directors 
The board of managing directors of Wizz Air Finance Company consists of two members, one 
managing director A and one managing director B. The current managing directors are: 
• 
Ian Ogden Malin as Managing Director A; and 
• 
Alexandra Bernadette Maria Appelman as Managing Director B. 
The business address of the managing directors is Herikerbergweg 238, Luna ArenA, 1101 CM 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the board members in respect of 
Wizz Air Finance Company and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
Wizz Air Finance Company B.V. appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as its 
auditors. 
The auditor who signed the auditor’s report is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.  is Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

--- Page 114 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 107 - 
70-41042609 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
Wizz Air Holdings Plc (the "Guarantor" or the "Company") was incorporated and registered in 
Jersey on 3 June 2009 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, as a public limited 
company with the name Wizz Air Holdings Plc and with registered number 103356. The principal 
legislation under which the Company operates and the ordinary shares have been created is the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, and regulations made thereunder. Wizz Air Holdings 
Plc is listed on the Premium Market of the London Stock Exchange under the ISIN JE00BN574F90. 
The Company's registered office is situated at 44 Esplanade, St. Helier, JE4 9WG, Jersey. The 
principal place of business of the Company and the Directors' business address is Le Lumion, 
Route François-Peyrot 12, Geneva International Airport, 1218 Grand-Saconnex, Switzerland. The 
telephone number of the Company's principal place of business is +41 22 555 9858. 
The Guarantor's website is www.wizzair.com. The information on this website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
2. 
HISTORY AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP 
Wizz Air (as defined below) was founded in 2003 by its current Chief Executive Officer József 
Váradi, the former chief executive officer of Malév, and five other individuals with extensive 
airline expertise and successful track records from across other industries who recognised at the 
time a demand for low-cost carriers in Central and Eastern Europe ("CEE") driven, in particular, 
by the accession of ten new EU Member States on 1 May 2004, eight of which (the Czech Republic, 
Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia) are in the CEE region, and 
the then anticipated accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the EU in January 2007. The Company 
was established with bases in Budapest, Hungary and Katowice, Poland and its first flight took off 
from Katowice on 19 May 2004. 
The Company (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group" or "Wizz Air") operates 
through two main wholly-owned operating subsidiaries: Wizz Air Hungary, the holder of an Air 
Operator Certificate ("AOC") issued by the EASA and operating licence issued by the Hungarian 
Aviation Authority, which currently operates 143 aircraft and Wizz Air UK Limited, registered at 
Main Terminal Building, London Luton Airport, Luton, LU2 9LY, United Kingdom under 
registration number: 10982241, ("Wizz Air UK") the holder of an AOC and operating licence 
issued by the UK CAA, which currently operates 17 aircraft. In 2020, the Group also entered into 
a joint venture agreement with The Cube Project Limited to establish a new airline in Abu Dhabi 
("Wizz Air Abu Dhabi"), which currently operates six aircraft. 
In 2022, Wizz Air Holdings Plc has established Wizz Air Malta Limited, an airline holding an 
operating licence issued by the Maltese Civil Aviation Authority and an AOC issued by EASA, 
registered at 171 Old Bakery Street, VLRT 1455 Valletta, Malta, under registration number C 
102218 ("Wizz Air Malta"), which is wholly-owned by the Company through a Maltese registered 
holding company.  
In October 2009, pursuant to a scheme of arrangement sanctioned by the High Court of England 
and Wales, the Company became the parent company of the Group and the Group's headquarters 
were relocated to Geneva. Both the Company and Wizz Air Hungary are tax resident in 
Switzerland.

--- Page 115 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 108 - 
70-41042609 
 
The following chart shows the Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Notes: 
(1)  
Wizz Air Abu Dhabi is 49 per cent. owned by Wizz Air Holdings Plc. All other entities on 
the chart are 100 per cent. wholly owned by the relevant Group entity. 
3. 
OVERVIEW 
Wizz Air is an ultra low-cost carrier ("ULCC") and the largest low-cost carrier in the CEE, on the 
basis of scheduled departing seat capacity recorded by Innovata for the financial year ended 2022. 
Wizz Air provides low-cost air transportation services on scheduled short-haul and medium-haul 
point-to-point routes across Europe and into the Caucasus and the Middle East. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, Wizz Air operates from 41 bases with flights to 214 destinations on over 
1,165 routes in 59 countries. Wizz Air carried in excess of 27 million passengers on more than 
167,000 flights in the financial year ended 31 March 2022. Wizz Air has carried over 230 million 
passengers in total since the start of its operations on 19 May 2004. Wizz Air grew significantly 
pre-COVID-19, with a compound annual growth rate of 18 per cent. in revenue and 9 per cent. in 
net profit from the financial year ended 2015 to the financial year ended 2020 (pre-COVID-19). 
Over the same period Wizz Air's ex-fuel cost per available seat kilometre ("CASK") remained 
stable at 2.27 euro cents. Wizz Air reported a revenue of €1,663.4 million (2021: €739 million), 
net statutory loss of €642.5 million (2021: €576 million) and CASK of 2.81 euro cents (2021: 3.86 
euro cents) for the financial year ended 2022 due to the impacts of COVID-19 compared to a 
revenue of €2,761 million, net statutory profit of €281 million and CASK of 2.27 euro cents in the 
financial year ended 2020. In the half year ended 30 September 2022, Wizz Air reported a revenue 
of €2,193.8 million (2021: €880.4 million), net statutory loss of €384.3 million (2021: €120.9 
million) and CASK of 4.73 euro cents (2021: 3.74 euro cents). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Wizz Air's CASK and ex-fuel CASK are among the lowest of all publicly reporting 
European low-cost carriers, while Wizz Air's average ancillary revenue per passenger is among the 
highest of all publicly reporting European low-cost carriers. 
Wizz Air has a strong focus on low costs as part of its organisational culture and ULCC business 
model. Key elements of Wizz Air's ULCC business model include its operation of a uniform and 
efficient modern fleet of narrow-body aircraft in a high-density 217 average seat count) all-
economy seating layout, high aircraft utilisation, its point-to-point network, operating mainly from

--- Page 116 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 109 - 
70-41042609 
 
less congested secondary airports that typically charge lower fees, high load factors, use of scalable 
outsourced services, consumer-direct distribution over the internet, high employee productivity 
and rigorous cost control. Wizz Air utilises its ULCC business model to offer customers 
consistently low ticket prices. The low ticket prices offered by Wizz Air help to stimulate demand 
in the markets it serves, creating new and more frequent travellers, and allow Wizz Air to compete 
effectively in its markets by offering an attractive value proposition to customers. 
Wizz Air has unbundled components of its air travel service that have traditionally been included 
in ticket prices, such as baggage, check-in options and seat and boarding allocation, and has 
allowed passengers to select and pay for the additional products and services they want to use by 
offering them as optional services for additional fees (which Wizz Air records as ancillary 
revenue). This unbundling strategy has allowed Wizz Air to significantly grow its ancillary revenue 
and total revenue in recent years, with the share of total revenue generated from ancillary revenue 
increasing from 25.9 per cent. in the financial year ended 2010 to 56.0 per cent. in the financial 
year ended 2022. For the half year ended 30 September 2022, total revenue generated from 
ancillary revenue was €1,011.7 million, compared to €466.6 million for the half year ended 30 
September 2021. Wizz Air seeks to drive customer behaviour through its pricing strategy, with the 
aim of achieving further cost savings and efficiencies in its operations. 
Wizz Air's strategy for further growth focuses on expanding its bases, destinations and frequencies 
in both its existing markets and in new markets. The core of Wizz Air's business is linking CEE 
destinations with Western Europe. The Company expects CEE to be particularly responsive to 
further penetration by low-cost carriers in the coming years with forecast GDP growth significantly 
higher than in Western Europe and the propensity of air travel and low-cost carrier penetration in 
CEE expected by the Company to increase towards Western European averages as average GDP 
per capita rises. As part of its "Go East" initiative, Wizz Air has recently started to increase the 
number of routes from CEE eastwards to countries outside the EU in Eastern Europe, the Caucasus 
and the Middle East, with routes launched to Georgia, Armenia, Israel and Macedonia, Azerbaijan, 
Kazakhstan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Moldova, Russia, and the UAE. These launches have 
demonstrated demand for low-cost air travel in these markets, many of which have historically 
been underserved by low-cost carriers. Wizz Air's current fleet plan provides for growth from 168 
Airbus A320-family aircraft as at the date of this Prospectus to approximately 450 Airbus A320-
family aircraft by 2029.  Wizz Air has secured the supply of the aircraft that it needs to achieve 
this growth with 304 committed orders and 75 aircraft purchase rights for Airbus A320-family 
aircraft through to the end of 2029.  
On 14 November 2021, Wizz Air announced that it has signed an agreement with Airbus for the 
purchase of a further 102 Airbus A321 aircraft, comprising 75 Airbus A321neo and 27 Airbus 
A321XLR aircraft, with the bulk to be delivered between 2025 and 2027. Under certain 
circumstances, Wizz Air may acquire a further 19 A321neo aircraft. Airbus has also granted and 
Wizz Air has exercised 75 A321neo purchase rights for deliveries in 2028-29. Completion of the 
75 A321neo purchase rights remains subject to approval by Wizz Air shareholders as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The Group's total revenue was €1,663.4 million for the financial year ended 2022 and €739.0 
million the financial year ended 2021. For the half year ended 30 September 2022, total revenue 
was €2,193.8 million, compared to € 880.4 million for the half year ended 30 September 2021. The 
Group recorded a reported net loss of €642.5 million in the financial year ended 2022 and €576.0 
million underlying net profit in the financial year ended 2021. For the half year ended 30 September 
2022, the Group's reported net loss was €384.3 million, compared to €120.9 million for half year 
ended 30 September 2021. The Group's EBITDA Margins were minus 1.1 per cent. in the financial 
year ended 2022 and minus 24.7 per cent. in the financial year ended 2021. For the half year ended 
30 September 2022, the Group's EBITDA Margins reported were 9.9 per cent., compared to 18.7 
per cent. for the half year ended 30 September 2022. 
4. 
KEY STRENGTHS 
The following table shows Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs") for the years ended 31 March 
2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019:

--- Page 117 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 110 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
Year ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Change 
(2022 vs. 
2021) 
Change 
(2021 vs. 
2020) 
Change 
(2020 vs. 
2019) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Passengers carried (million) ........  
27.1 
10.2 
40.0 
34.6 
166.3% 
(74.5%) 
15.6% 
Revenue (€ million) .....................  
1,663.4 
739.0 
2,761.3 
2,319.1 
125.1% 
(73.2%) 
19.1% 
EBITDA (€ million) ....................  
(19.0) 
(182.8) 
719.7 
692.4 
89.6% 
n/m 
3.9% 
EBITDA margin (%) ...................  
(1.1) 
(24.7) 
26.1 
29.9 
23.6ppt 
n/m 
(3.8ppt) 
Operating profit (loss) for the 
period (€ million) .........................  
(465.3) 
(528.1) 
338.3 
357.9 
(11.8%) 
n/m 
(5.5%) 
Reported profit (loss) for the 
period (€ million) .........................  
(642.5) 
(576.0) 
281.1 
123.0 
11.5% 
n/m 
128.5% 
RASK (€ cent)..............................  
2.98 
2.89 
3.95 
3.85 
3.1% 
(26.8%) 
2.6% 
Ex-fuel CASK (€ cent) ................  
2.81 
3.86 
2.27** 
2.29 
(27.3%) 
70.0% 
(0.9%) 
Total cash (€ million)* ................  
1,378.8 
1,616.6 
1,310.5 
1,496.3 
(14.7%) 
23.4% 
(12.4%) 
Load factor (%) ............................  
78.1 
64.0 
93.6 
92.8 
14.1ppt 
(29.6ppt) 
0.8ppt 
Period-end fleet size ....................  
153 
137 
121 
112 
11.7% 
13.2% 
8.0% 
Period-end seat count ..................  
32,399 
28,044 
24,302 
22,178 
15.5% 
15.4% 
9.6% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _______________  
n/m Not meaningful as variance is more than (-)100% 
* 
Total cash comprises cash and cash equivalents, short-term cash deposits, and current and non-current restricted cash.  
** Excluding the impact of exceptional items. In the financial year ended 2021 the Group had an exceptional operating 
expense of €93.6 million (2020: €63.7 million) relating to cash flow hedges regarding future fuel purchases that were 
classified as discontinued during 2021 as a consequence of the grounding of the majority of the Group’s fleet during 
the COVID-19 pandemic. 
For the financial years ended 2021 and 2022, please see further details in "Business Overview" 
below. 
During the financial years ended 2022 and 2021, the Company's performance as against its usual 
operational KPIs was disrupted due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (for more 
information, please see the risk factor titled "COVID-19 has disrupted the Group's ability to 
execute its strategic plans" above), the Russian Invasion (for more information, please see the risk 
factor titled "The Group is exposed to risks arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine" above) 
and lack of hedging (for more information, please see the risk factor titled "The Group is exposed 
to fuel, carbon credit and US dollar price fluctuations" above).  
Nevertheless, management believe that the Company maintains the same key strengths 
operationally (in comparison to the industry generally) and maintains its strategic objectives. The 
description and analysis of the key strengths of the Company below is therefore set out on the basis 
of the financial years ended 2019 and ended 2020 for illustration. For recent developments, 
including financial information and detail on certain KPIs for the six months ended 30 September 
2022 and 2021, please see "Recent Developments" below. 
The Company believes that Wizz Air competes successfully in the airline industry by leveraging 
the strength of its ultra low-cost structure; Wizz Air's CASK was 3.44 Euro cents in the financial 
year ended 2020 and 3.40 Euro cents in the financial year ended 2019 which were among the lowest 
of all publicly reporting European low-cost carriers. Wizz Air's management team enforces 
rigorous cost control in all aspects of the Group's business and has created a Group-wide business 
culture that is keenly focused on driving costs lower. The Company believes that this cost 
advantage protects Wizz Air's market position, enables it to offer some of the lowest ticket prices 
in its markets, stimulates demand in its markets and supports continued profitable growth. Wizz 
Air's Ex-fuel CASK was 2.27 Euro cents in the financial year ended 2020 and 2.29 Euro cents in 
the financial year ended 2019. 
The key drivers of Wizz Air's ultra-low CASK are: 
• 
Uniform and efficient modern fleet: as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Wizz Air 
operates a uniform and modern fleet of Airbus A320-family aircraft with an average age 
of 4.5 years which results in greater reliability, lower maintenance costs, lower training 
costs, easier crew management and lower fuel costs than for an older and/or non-uniform 
fleet. Utilisation in the financial year ended 2020 of 12.04 hours per day was higher than 
the publicly reported daily utilisation rates of easyJet, Norwegian and Pegasus for the

--- Page 118 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 111 - 
70-41042609 
 
equivalent period and the rate for the last period publicly reported by Ryanair. Wizz Air's 
average seat count of 217, with single-class configuration maximises seat capacity and 
spreads its costs among a larger number of passengers per flight. 
• 
High load factors: in the financial year ended 2020, Wizz Air had an average load factor 
of 93.6 per cent., one of the highest load factors of all publicly reporting European low-
cost carriers. Maintaining high load factors all year round improves revenue per flight, 
lowers average costs per flight and accelerates route maturity. Wizz Air seeks to maximise 
load factors by optimising the frequency of flights per route to match supply with demand 
and having frequent sales promotions to capture impulse purchases. 
• 
Point-to-point route network: point-to-point flying allows Wizz Air to offer direct, non-
stop routes and avoid the costs of providing through services for connecting passengers, 
including baggage transfer and transit passenger assistance costs associated with 
disruption and cancellation of connecting flights. In addition, point-to-point flying gives 
Wizz Air the flexibility to minimise costs relating to crew overnighting. 
• 
Focus on secondary airports: Wizz Air operates mainly to/from secondary airports (65 
per cent. of flights in the financial year ended 2020 and 65 per cent. of flights in the 
financial year ended 2019) where airport charges and other costs are generally lower than 
at primary airports and Wizz Air can leverage its increasing scale. Secondary airports are 
typically less congested than primary airports. Wizz Air had average scheduled station 
turnaround times in the financial year ended 2020 and the financial year ended 2019 of 35 
minutes (or less) for 90 per cent. of its flights. Wizz Air's departure punctuality was in 
excess of 72.9 per cent. in the financial year ended 2020 and approximately 72.17 per cent. 
in the financial year ended 2019. Turnaround times and punctuality are key to delivering 
the high utilisation rates referred to above. 
• 
Employee efficiency and productivity: Wizz Air seeks to employ crew local to the 
countries where it has operating bases, being Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Macedonia, Poland, Romania and Serbia (the "Home Markets") wherever possible, the 
cost of which is generally lower than in Western Europe. Detailed crew scheduling has 
enabled Wizz Air to achieve high utilisation rates for its crew. In the financial year ended 
2020, Wizz Air achieved utilisation rates for pilots of 82.7 per cent. and for cabin crew of 
84.2 per cent. on a full-time equivalent basis of the legal maximum number of duty hours 
able to be flown by such pilots and cabin crew and available seat kilometres of 15.72 per 
employee, ahead of several European low-cost carrier competitors. Wizz Air also operates 
a lean management and head office function. Wizz Air's overhead staff costs as a 
percentage of total operating expenses were 1.4 per cent. in the financial year ended 2020 
and 1.5 per cent. in the financial year ended 2019. 
• 
Outsourcing of non-core functions: Wizz Air outsources the vast majority of non-core 
functions, with focused internal functions overseeing third-party contractors providing 
services including ground handling, maintenance, information technology, accounting and 
customer services. Wizz Air's purchasing department monitors a number of supplier 
contracts through efficient and centralised processes, runs selection procedures whenever 
new services are requested and engages in negotiations with third-party contractors in 
order to seek to obtain the best possible terms whilst still maintaining international 
standards of quality. Wizz Air's scalable outsourced information technology model gives 
Wizz Air access to the latest technologies and quality support which underpin its market-
leading ancillary revenue generation and ensure operational flexibility and reliability. 
• 
Low-cost distribution network: Wizz Air minimises sales, marketing and distribution 
costs through consumer-direct marketing, sales via its internally developed mobile 
telephone applications and the use of wizzair.com as its primary sales channel. Wizz Air 
has very low advertising costs, with €7 million being spent on advertising in the financial 
year ended 2020. Wizz Air does not use global distribution systems and does not pay 
commissions to travel agents and consolidators, which would impose additional marketing 
and sales costs. With respect to advertising see further section titled "Brand, marketing 
and intellectual property".

--- Page 119 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 112 - 
70-41042609 
 
• 
Unbundled pricing strategy: Wizz Air seeks to drive customer behaviour through its 
unbundled pricing strategy including, for example, the distribution channels utilised, the 
use of airport infrastructure and the size of luggage brought on-board the aircraft, with the 
aim of achieving cost savings and efficiencies in its operations. 
Innovative revenue generation 
Wizz Air employs an innovative unbundled pricing structure which allows Wizz Air to stimulate 
demand for its products and services through low ticket prices, while generating revenue by selling 
ancillary products and services. This enables passengers to identify, select and pay for additional 
products and services they require which, in turn, enables Wizz Air to appeal to a broad cross-
section of travellers. In addition, average ancillary revenue per passenger tends to be less exposed 
to seasonal fluctuations and more stable than ticket prices, which vary significantly throughout the 
year. Wizz Air seeks to leverage its brand and ultimately increase the amount of each customer's 
total spending captured in Wizz Air's products and services. Products and services such as on-
board catering or bringing on-board larger cabin bags, which equate to a cost for full service 
carriers, are an additional source of ancillary revenue for Wizz Air. The Group believes that price 
is the key driver in airline selection in CEE and that low ticket prices are key to driving load factors 
and revenue growth. Wizz Air's average ticket revenue per passenger was €37.7 in the financial 
year ended 2020 and €39.5 in the financial year ended 2019. Wizz Air has grown its average 
ancillary revenue per passenger from €14.5 in the financial year ended 2010 to €31.3 in the 
financial year ended 2020, with the relative contribution of ancillary revenue to total revenue being 
25.9 per cent. in the financial year ended 2010 and 45.4 per cent. in the financial year ended 2020, 
one of the highest average ancillary revenue per passenger of all publicly reporting European low-
cost carriers. Wizz Air's ancillary revenue is generated through: 
• 
Fees charged on travel-related features, including checked-in baggage, large cabin 
baggage, airport check-in and convenience related services including extra legroom, seat 
allocation, priority boarding and security fast track, as well as the "Wizz Premium" 
product and subscription fees for "Wizz Discount Club" (network-wide and for Italy 
separately). 
• 
Booking-related fees, including the conversions between display and payment currencies, 
call centre fees, administration fees and fees related to changes in a customer's booking 
and the Wizz Flex service. 
• 
Commissions from the sale of products and services offered in partnership with third 
parties, including hotels, car rental, airport transfers, parking, travel insurance, co-branded 
credit cards, on-board retail sales and advertising. 
The Company believes that Wizz Air's unbundled pricing structure makes it difficult for other non 
low-cost carriers that do not employ an unbundled structure to compete with Wizz Air in its 
markets on the basis of ticket prices. The Company believes that this is both because such 
competitors do not have sufficiently low CASK to compete profitably with Wizz Air at ticket prices 
which can be profitable for Wizz Air and also because they do not unbundle their fares and 
therefore if they do match Wizz Air's ticket prices they are not generating the higher revenue 
associated with Wizz Air's consistent ancillary revenue. 
5. 
STRATEGY 
During the financial years ended 2022 and 2021, the Company's ability to execute its strategy was 
disrupted by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (for more information, please see the risk 
factor titled "COVID-19 has disrupted the Group's ability to execute its strategic plans" above), 
the Russian Invasion (for more information, please see the risk factor titled "The Group is exposed 
to risks arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine" above) and lack of hedging (for more 
information, please see the risk factor titled "The Group is exposed to fuel, carbon credit and US 
dollar price fluctuations" above). Nevertheless, management believe that the Company maintains 
its strategic objectives. The description and strategy of the Company below is therefore set out on 
the basis of the Group's long-term strategy which is unchanged.

--- Page 120 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 113 - 
70-41042609 
 
Wizz Air’s goal is to maintain sustainable strong growth and profitability with EBITDA Margins 
among the highest in the European low-cost carrier industry. Through the following key elements 
of its strategy, Wizz Air seeks to:  
Exploit all opportunities to minimise CASK  
Wizz Air intends to support continued low ticket prices by exploiting all opportunities to minimise 
CASK and improving efficiency by, inter alia:  
• 
deploying additional cost-effective A320-family aircraft for high utilisation flying and 
introducing the larger 239 seat Airbus A321 aircraft into the fleet which the Company 
expects to deliver material CASK reductions per aircraft at minimal additional cost;  
• 
increasing the number of aircraft equipped with Sharklets fuel-saving wing-tip fins, 
utilising new engines and pursuing a range of other fuel-saving and weight-saving 
initiatives, including fuel supplier competition to reduce into plane premiums;  
• 
reviewing its fleet and engine financing arrangements by evaluating the cost of finance 
leases or debt financing of additional aircraft compared to operating leases, and 
considering self-funding its pre-delivery payment obligations to Airbus in respect of 
ordered aircraft and saving on the related financing costs;  
• 
leveraging Wizz Air’s increasing scale when negotiating terms with airports and ground 
handlers and exploring the potential of regional airports for expansion outside of the EU 
as part of its "Go East" initiative;  
• 
considering purchasing its own spare engines to save on lease costs for spare engines;  
• 
replacing leased maintenance stock with owned stock, investing in certain infrastructure 
where it will reduce costs and increasing scale-related improvements in line and base 
maintenance costs;  
• 
managing Wizz Air’s labour force to ensure continued high productivity and 
geographically low labour costs;  
• 
utilising its strong financial position to create leverage for reductions in certain payment-
related fees;  
• 
continuing to increase the proportion of sales made via mobile telephone applications to 
reduce commissions paid to agents;  
• 
pursuing scale-related cost reductions relating to Wizz Air’s reservation systems and 
focusing on mobile telephone sales; and  
• 
continuing Wizz Air’s rigorous competitive tendering procurement policy and 
renegotiating existing agreements with third-party suppliers and airports.  
In addition, as Wizz Air grows its business, the Company expects to benefit from economies of 
scale which should help to minimise CASK, grow its network in its existing markets and new 
markets, Wizz Air's current fleet plan provides for growth from 168 Airbus A320 family aircraft 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus to approximately 450 Airbus A320-family aircraft by 2029. 
Wizz Air has secured the supply of the aircraft that it needs to achieve this growth with 304 
committed orders and 75 aircraft purchase rights for Airbus A320-family aircraft through to the 
end of 2029 at competitive pricing. Wizz Air intends to continue to monitor closely its scheduled 
ramp-up in aircraft while it expands its network in order to reduce the risk of over extension and 
undue exposure in market downturns and to manage its commitments to Airbus in light of its 
targeted growth rates. 
On 14 November 2021, Wizz Air announced that it has signed an agreement with Airbus for the 
purchase of a further 102 Airbus A321 aircraft, comprising 75 Airbus A321neo and 27 Airbus 
A321XLR aircraft, with the bulk to be delivered between 2025 and 2027. Under certain

--- Page 121 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 114 - 
70-41042609 
 
circumstances, Wizz Air may acquire a further 19 A321neo aircraft. Airbus has also granted and 
Wizz Air has exercised 75 A321neo purchase rights for deliveries in 2028-29. Completion of the 
75 A321neo purchase rights remains subject to approval by Wizz Air shareholders as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Wizz Air intends to employ this additional capacity both in increasing frequencies, joining the dots 
to existing destinations and launching new routes in its existing CEE markets, which the Company 
considers have high growth prospects, and in pursuing initiatives in new markets. Wizz Air 
employs a disciplined route and fleet expansion strategy that helps maintain profitability across its 
network. Wizz Air’s strategy is to react quickly to changes in the economic environment and 
market conditions and it aims for each route that it operates to be profitable. Wizz Air will seek to 
maintain rigorous assessment of all of its existing and new routes in order to determine their 
profitability and opportunities to improve them.  
Wizz Air plans to continue to evaluate and pursue initiatives in new markets, including those 
eastwards outside of the EU such as Russia, Turkey and into the Caucasus, North Africa and the 
Middle East as part of its "Go East" initiative, that are currently underserved by low-cost carriers 
by rolling out its universal ULCC business model to either increase existing frequencies or launch 
routes to cities and countries not yet served by Wizz Air. Further expansion in these and other 
countries in the region may require Wizz Air to establish new operating entities and obtain AOCs 
in order to comply with local legal and regulatory requirements.  
Continue to grow its average revenue per passenger and total revenue through focus on 
ancillary revenue  
Wizz Air intends to continue to utilise its ultra low-cost base to minimise ticket prices, generate 
volume growth and to grow its average revenue per passenger and total revenue by increasing its 
ancillary revenue. Wizz Air plans to continue expanding its ancillary product and service offering 
by further developing existing schemes, and seeking new partnerships. Wizz Air seeks to maximise 
ancillary revenue opportunities through multiple interactions with customers at different stages of 
their travel, from pre-purchase, through travel and post-trip. The Company believes that this 
strategy will help Wizz Air to maintain its average ancillary revenue per passenger at the highest 
levels among low-cost carriers in Europe in the future.  
Continue to focus on the factors which differentiate Wizz Air from its competitors  
Wizz Air intends to continue to focus on the factors which differentiate it from its competitors as 
it continues to grow its network. In particular, Wizz Air intends to continue to deliver a convenient 
and reliable travel experience, to focus on its customers and excellence in execution and benefit 
from customer loyalty driven by its "Home Town" airline status. Wizz Air also intends to continue 
to act as a "pioneering" airline, leveraging the know-how, market understanding, cultural 
awareness and experience of developing regulatory solutions in new markets held within its 
organisation in order to facilitate its continued growth. 
6. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Wizz Air provides air transportation services on scheduled short-haul and medium-haul point-to-
point routes across Europe and into the Caucasus and the Middle East. Wizz Air currently operates 
168 Airbus A320-family aircraft with all-economy seating. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Wizz Air operates from 41 bases with flights to 214 destinations on over 1,165 routes in 59 
countries. Wizz Air has had a CAGR of 22 per cent. in passenger numbers from the financial year 
of 2005, its first year of operations, to the financial year ended 2020. Wizz Air has high utilisation 
rates for its aircraft of over twelve hours per day with 90 per cent. of its flights having scheduled 
station turnaround times of an average of 35 minutes (or less) in the financial year ended 
2020.  Aircraft utilisation was 7 hours and 44 minutes for the financial year ended 2022 (2021: 4 
hours and 8 minutes) due to the impacts of COVID-19. Wizz Air has unbundled components of air 
travel service that have traditionally been included in ticket prices, such as baggage and advance 
seat selection, and offers them as optional services for additional fees. Wizz Air outsources all non-
core functions, with focused internal functions overseeing third-party contractors providing 
services including ground handling, maintenance, information technology, accounting and 
customer services.

--- Page 122 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 115 - 
70-41042609 
 
Route network  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Wizz Air’s route network consists of 959 routes, flying to 
174 destinations in 53 countries to/from 37 operating bases. The number of routes operated from 
CEE base countries as at the date of this Base Prospectus is: 
Poland ..........................................................................................................................................................  
179 
Romania ......................................................................................................................................................  
190 
Hungary .......................................................................................................................................................  
72 
Bulgaria .......................................................................................................................................................  
54 
North-Macedonia ........................................................................................................................................  
35 
Bosnia and Herzegovina ............................................................................................................................  
22 
Albania ........................................................................................................................................................  
47 
Lithuania .....................................................................................................................................................  
21 
Serbia ...........................................................................................................................................................  
21 
Moldova ......................................................................................................................................................  
18 
Georgia ........................................................................................................................................................  
13 
While Wizz Air’s principal business remains the operation of routes between CEE and Western 
Europe, it has increased the number of bases outside CEE countries. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus these are the number of routes operated from the following non-CEE base countries 
Italy ............................................................................................................................................................. . 
145 
Austria .........................................................................................................................................................  
29 
United Kingdom .........................................................................................................................................  
73 
UAE .............................................................................................................................................................  
24 
Cyprus .........................................................................................................................................................  
14 
The map below shows Wizz Air’s bases and routes as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Scheduling and slot management 
Wizz Air's flight scheduling aims to create rotations with optimal aircraft and crew utilisation, in 
particular to develop an efficient schedule that does not compromise commercial and operational 
performance. As Wizz Air's fleet has expanded, its schedules have become more stable from season 
to season and aircraft are added incrementally without disturbing the rest of the schedule. Wizz Air 
seeks to optimise available capacity among bases by using its internal modelling processes to 
establish the optimal frequencies of each route. Many of the largest airports and certain smaller 
airports in the EU have been designated under European regulations as slot co-ordinated airports.

--- Page 123 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 116 - 
70-41042609 
 
At a co-ordinated airport, airlines are allocated take-off and landing slots by an independent co-
ordinator managing capacity at that airport. Certain airports outside of the EU also have slot 
constraints. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Wizz Air served 118 slot constrained airports, 
respectively, defined as level 2 or level 3 co-ordinated airports, being approximately 60 per cent. 
of the total airports served (Source: WIZZ Air, IATA). Wizz Air has slots at constrained airports 
such as London-Luton, London Gatwick, Vienna, Warsaw, Lisbon, Paris Orly, Eindhoven, Tel 
Aviv, Rome Fiumicino, Rome-Ciampino, Barcelona El Prat and Madrid Barajas. 
Fleet 
Wizz Air currently operates a modern fleet of 174 Airbus A320-family aircraft. Wizz Air's fleet 
has an average age of 4.5 years as at the date of this Base Prospectus and averaged CO2 emissions 
of 57.2 grammes per revenue passenger kilometre ("RPK") in the financial year ended 2020. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, a hundred per cent. of Wizz Air's engines were IAE V2500 
SelectOne and Pratt & Whitney PW1000G types. The Company believes that Wizz Air's fleet is 
one of the youngest among European listed airlines. Aircraft within the Wizz Air fleet have 
predominantly been financed through operating leases and sale and leaseback arrangements. 
Wizz Air is focused on maintaining a young, modern fleet with significant emphasis on low fuel 
consumption, high reliability and high aircraft utilisation. Wizz Air's current fleet plan provides 
for growth from 174 Airbus A320-family aircraft as at the date of this Base Prospectus to 
approximately 450 Airbus A320-family aircraft by 2029. Wizz Air has secured the supply of the 
Airbus A320neo-family aircraft that it needs to achieve this growth with 372 committed orders, 
including 75 A321neo purchase rights that remain subject to Wizz Air shareholder approval as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, through to the end of 2029 at competitive pricing. Wizz Air 
intends to continue to monitor closely its scheduled ramp-up in aircraft while it expands its network 
in order to reduce the risk of over extension and undue exposure in market downturns and to 
manage its commitments to Airbus in light of its targeted growth rates. 
On 14 November 2021, Wizz Air announced that it has signed an agreement with Airbus for the 
purchase of a further 102 Airbus A321 aircraft, comprising 75 Airbus A321neo and 27 Airbus 
A321XLR aircraft, with the bulk to be delivered between 2025 and 2027. Under certain 
circumstances, Wizz Air may acquire a further 19 A321neo aircraft. Airbus has also granted and 
Wizz Air has exercised 75 A321neo purchase rights for deliveries in 2028-29. Completion of the 
75 A321neo purchase rights remains subject to approval by Wizz Air shareholders as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The contracted base case delivery stream under the existing aircraft purchase agreements as 
amended in (i) 2017 to provide for the purchase of the additional 146 Airbus A320neo-family 
aircraft and (ii) 2019 to provide for the purchase of the 20 A321XLR aircraft and (iii) 2021 to 
provide for the purchase of 102 Airbus A320neo-family aircraft is as set out in the table below.  
This base case delivery stream represents a 15.5 per cent. compound annual growth rate in the 
number of aircraft and an 18.2 per cent. compound annual growth rate in seat capacity in the period 
of six calendar years from 2021 to 2026. 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
Total 
deliveries 
A320neo .................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
13 
13 
A321neo .................................................. 
25 
34 
48 
31 
38 
51 
227 
A321XLR................................................ 
0 
0 
0 
6 
19 
12 
7 
Total number of units ............................. 
25 
34 
48 
37 
57 
76 
277 
Net growth ............................................. 
13 
23 
39 
18 
38 
57 
156 
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
Net growth represents total deliveries of aircraft less returns. 
Lease financing has been a cost-effective source of financing for Wizz Air to date. In addition, 
lease financing has the advantage of leaving the residual value risk associated with an aircraft with 
the lessor. Wizz Air continuously assesses all available options of lease financing, debt financing 
and/or finance leases when funding future aircraft purchases in order to obtain the most cost-
effective financing over the expected active life of a particular aircraft. Wizz Air has pre-delivery 
payment obligations to Airbus for financing the production of the ordered aircraft in advance. Wizz

--- Page 124 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 117 - 
70-41042609 
 
Air has historically self-financed the majority of these pre-delivery payments and has financed the 
remainder through financing provided by third parties, which matures at the time the relevant 
aircraft is delivered. Going forward, Wizz Air may look to self-fund more of the payment delivery 
obligations and save on the related financing costs. 
Operations control and performance 
Wizz Air has internal (24/7) operations control function which manage the life cycle of each flight. 
A team of 16 duty managers are responsible for decisions on safe and efficient daily flight activity, 
including disruption management. The duty managers are supported by a team of 15 navigation 
officers, two navigation database managers and one senior manager who manage slots and plan the 
most cost-effective route of each flight, with a particular focus on fuel costs efficiency and en route 
charges. 
A team of 14 crew dispatchers (led by one team manager) deal with daily dispatch and logistics 
matters of the crew at all bases. 
Automated procedures are reinforced by industry-recognised systems and processes used include 
AIMS (for crewing and tail assignment) and LIDO (for flight planning). Advanced communication 
("ACARS") is also implemented to support proactive decision-making. 
In the financial year ended 2022 and the financial year ended 2021, with an average of 467 and 
226 flights, respectively, per day, departure punctuality was 69.11 per cent. and 85.33 per cent., 
respectively, and arrival punctuality was 71.45 per cent. and 86.76 per cent., respectively. First 
wave performance, being the first flight of the day departing on time, is targeted for 90 per cent., 
with 87.69 per cent. and 94.24 per cent. being achieved in the financial year ended 2022 and the 
financial year ended 2021, respectively. Wizz Air targets very high flight regularity levels 99.7 per 
cent. (i.e. operating a high proportion of scheduled flights). In each of the financial year ended 
2022 and the financial year ended 2021, Wizz Air achieved flight regularity levels of 99.52 and 
99.95 per cent. and technical dispatch reliability of 99.31 and 98.45 per cent. 
Pricing and revenue management 
Wizz Air has an internal team of experienced airline revenue managers focused on revenue 
monitoring, reporting and forecasting, yield and tariff management and systems and capacity 
optimisation. 
Like other low-cost carriers, Wizz Air offers a range of fares determined solely by expected 
demand rather than by purpose of travel or length of stay. Wizz Air's business model is a high load 
factor, low ticket price model, with high passenger load factors achieved by offering a significant 
number of seats at low ticket prices on a year round basis. Whilst load factors are relatively stable 
throughout the year, Wizz Air's average revenue per passenger varies significantly throughout the 
year being highest in August and lowest in November and February. Aircraft utilisation and load 
factors during the financial years ended 2022 and 2021 were exceptionally low due to the impacts 
of COVID-19. As a result, the average load factor was at 78.1 per cent. in the financial year ended 
2022 (2021: 64.0 per cent.). For the half year ended 30 September 2022, load factor was 86.9 per 
cent., compared to 75.3 per cent. for the half year ended 30 September 2021. 
Wizz Air operates simple and transparent fare structures, with pricing being one-way (including 
taxes). There are no minimum stay restrictions and fares generally increase closer to flight 
departure. Passengers pay for every additional service and prices are clearly displayed to customers 
showing the price including booking fees. Wizz Air often uses fare promotions to stimulate 
demand. 
Through revenue management, airlines are able to control how many seats are sold and at what 
fares. Generally, revenue management systems aim to maximise revenue by attempting to fill each 
available seat at as high a fare as possible, by avoiding selling all seats at the lowest fares, 
increasing fares in response to demand and minimising the number of unsold seats including by 
permitting overbooking. Wizz Air applies a rule-based approach to revenue management, using its 
own internally developed and highly efficient automated system designed for a ULCC 
environment, with manual intervention where required.

--- Page 125 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 118 - 
70-41042609 
 
Ancillary revenue 
Wizz Air has one of the highest average ancillary revenue per passenger of all publicly reporting 
European low-cost carriers. Wizz Air's strategy is to fully unbundle traditional flight services to 
each of its elements in order to offer customers low ticket prices and a variety of add-on services 
for additional fees. This gives customers the ability to fully customise their flight and either fly 
without additional products and services or create a product with some or all of the additional 
products and services on offer. Strong ancillary revenue generation is particularly important to 
Wizz Air as this revenue is typically associated with low marginal costs, resulting in higher profit 
margins. Average ancillary revenue per passenger also tends to be less exposed to seasonal 
fluctuations and more stable than ticket prices, which vary significantly throughout the year. The 
Company expects ancillary revenue to remain a key driver of total revenue and profit for the Group 
in the future as the Company continues to offer competitively low ticket prices. 
There are three key drivers of ancillary revenue: (a) product unit price which is reviewed and 
updated manually on a periodic basis and is seasonal and/or route-specific for various products or 
services, (b) overall passenger volumes and (c) conversion (the proportion of passengers buying a 
given component). The table below shows Wizz Air's growth in average ancillary revenue, in total, 
per passenger and as a percentage of total revenue, for the financial years ended 2021 and 2022: 
 
Ancillary 
Revenue 
Average 
Ancillary 
Revenue 
per 
passenger 
Percentage 
of total 
revenue (%) 
 
(EUR 
million) 
(EUR) 
(unaudited) 
 
FY 2021 ....................................................................................................  
€413.3 
€40.6 
 55.9 
FY 2022 ....................................................................................................  
€931.4 
€34.2 
 56.9 
Distribution 
In the financial year ended 2021 and the financial year ended 2022, total revenue was split between 
the various distribution channels as follows: 
 
FY 2021  
FY 2022 
Percentage of total revenue (unaudited) / Distribution channel wizzair.com (direct 
bookings by customers and travel agents) ...................................................................  
57.06 % 
62.70% 
Mobile application ............................................................................................................  
36.31% 
35.60% 
Call centres ........................................................................................................................  
0,57 % 
0.82% 
Airport agents ....................................................................................................................  
0.91 % 
0.84% 
wizzair.com and it's mobile application is Wizz Air's most important channel of distribution. Total 
passenger ticket sales made through wizzair.com in each of the financial year ended 2022 and the 
financial year ended 2021 were 62.32 and 55.37 per cent, respectively. This includes bookings 
made by travel agents via wizzair.com as well as direct bookings by customers. wizzair.com is 
available in 28 languages including Arabic, Bulgarian, Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, 
Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Norwegian, Polish, Romanian, 
Russian, Serbian, Spanish, Swedish, Ukrainian. The wizzair.com website and the Wizz Air mobile 
application had over 371 million visitor sessions in financial year ended 2022 and Wizz Air has 
approximately 9.4 million newsletter subscribers. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Company estimates that, on average, approximately four per cent of visits to wizzair.com result in 
a booking.  
Wizz Air operates internally developed mobile applications to enable bookings on iOS and 
Android mobile smartphones. The applications accounted for an average of 36.06 per cent of total 
passenger ticket sales in the financial year ended 2022 and 36.91 per cent in the financial year 
ended 2021. The Company expects this proportion to continue to increase in the future. Sales 
through the mobile application reduce revenue leakage from commissions paid to third-party 
agents at airports and broaden the Wizz Air brand's appeal to a wider market.  
Wizz Air also sells tickets on its flights through call-centres and through agents at airports. Wizz 
Air has four call centres, all of which are outsourced to third parties. The costs to Wizz Air of sales 
through wizzair.com are lower than sales through Wizz Air's other distribution channels. Wizz Air

--- Page 126 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 119 - 
70-41042609 
 
seeks to encourage its customers to book online and recover the costs of operating its call centres 
by charging for call centre bookings.   
Brand, marketing and intellectual property 
Wizz Air places significant emphasis on its brand and seeks to distinguish itself from traditional 
airlines and other low-cost carriers with its distinctive and modern Wizz Air logo, which was 
designed to translate across languages and be recognisable internationally, in bright pink and blue 
colours. Wizz Air's customers see a consistent corporate identity throughout their experience with 
Wizz Air, including when booking online, or reading an advertisement or press announcement 
issued by Wizz Air, on the aircraft exteriors and interiors and on the crew uniforms and branded 
products on-board. Wizz Air seeks to differentiate itself from its major competitors. Key drivers 
of this strategy are:  
• 
Wizz Air ensures that it offers its website and other services in the local language of its 
bases and that customers are able to pay with the local currency. Well-educated and 
service-oriented cabin crew are recruited locally and speak the local language. Wizz Air 
also seeks to foster constructive relationships with local regulatory and other authorities 
and work with local tourism authorities to promote regions.  
• 
Making wizzair.com and the Wizz Air App easy for customers to use, with transparent 
ticket prices and ancillary charges.  
• 
Allowing for multiple customer-friendly options for paying for tickets with direct bank 
transfers alongside bank card payments.  
Wizz Air has prompted brand awareness in excess of 80 per cent. in its largest established markets 
of Romania, Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria and has strong brand health in most of its other existing 
Home Markets. Brand awareness is lower but rapidly growing in Western European destinations, 
such as the UK (38 per cent.) and Italy (52 per cent.), and the Company believes that there is an 
opportunity to further increase Wizz Air's brand awareness in Western Europe. Other focus regions 
include the UAE where brand awareness has increased from 23 per cent. to 33 per cent. within 
nine months and Wizz Air's network in the region is rapidly growing. In this part of the world, 
Wizz Air's mission includes introducing Wizz Air's business model to the market as the first ultra 
low-cost carrier in the region and it undertakes a significant amount of communication and 
marketing activity to educate the local population on the low-cost carrier concept as well as on 
Wizz Air's service offering.  
After building Wizz Air's brand awareness while explaining Wizz Air's business model, Wizz 
Air's communication and marketing objectives are to acquire new customers and at the same time 
to engage and retain existing customers. Wizz Air achieves this through focusing on new route 
launches and entering new markets which provide unique destinations. In view of its ULCC 
business model, Wizz Air has a relatively low marketing spend and besides the traditional channels 
the marketing team focuses on effective use of low-cost tools such as press announcements, 
organisation of press conferences and events, social media, on-line advertising and search engine 
optimisation to increase the visibility of wizzair.com in major search engines results. Wizz Air 
also undertakes tactical marketing with price and destination promotions almost every week 
through online banners and social media. The Company believes that Wizz Air's low ticket prices 
are an effective means of attracting attention, creating news by word of mouth in the relevant 
communities, and generating impulse bookings in price-sensitive customer segments.  
The Company believes that the Wizz Air name, logo, the Wizz Air website and the Wizz Air App 
are an integral part of the Wizz Air brand and have significant value to the Group's business. The 
Group has registered the Wizz Air name and logo as a European Community trademark alongside 
the pink and blue brand colours and has registered the domain name wizzair.com. 
Customers and customer service 
Wizz Air's customers are predominantly travellers working and studying abroad, travellers visiting 
friends or relatives, leisure travellers and cost-conscious business travellers. Travellers working 
and studying abroad or visiting friends and relatives have historically been the largest component

--- Page 127 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 120 - 
70-41042609 
 
of Wizz Air's customer base. Based on the last 12 months’ booking data between September 2021 
and September 2022, Wizz Air's customer base was divided as follows: 56 per cent. of passengers 
worked or studied abroad or were visiting friends or relatives, 36 per cent. of passengers travelled 
for leisure or city break and 8 per cent. travelled for business. According to previous expectations 
- as Wizz Air's business continues to mature and Wizz Air expands its route network further - the 
proportion of leisure travellers increased. Wizz Air has increasingly focused on leisure travellers 
with its expansion to holiday destinations in Italy and the UAE. 
Wizz Air's split of customer demographics by age group as recorded by internally conducted 
surveys carried out between September 2021 and September 2022 showed a strong bias towards 
younger age groups, with 12 per cent. in the 18-29 age range, 24 per cent. in the 30-39 year age 
range, 29 per cent. in the 40-49 year age range, 35 per cent. in the 50+ category, which the 
Company believes is a very attractive split for a young and growing airline. The same research 
showed that 40 per cent. of customers travelled on their own. 
Wizz Air believes that focus on excellent customer service in every aspect of Wizz Air's operations 
including personnel, flight equipment, in-flight and ancillary products and services, on-time 
performance, flight completion ratios, attractive and simple checked-in baggage policy and 
baggage handling will further strengthen Wizz Air's customer loyalty and attract new customers 
to Wizz Air. Wizz Air has an internal customer service team of seven people, as well as 4 
outsourced call centres dealing in 12 languages to manage customer relations including flight 
disruptions, customer requests and claims handling.    
Ground handling 
Within Wizz Air there is a team of 16 people overseeing ground handling operations at its airports 
which are outsourced to over 180 third-party suppliers. This team maintains stringent control of 
outsourced operations, setting up new stations, training third-party suppliers and enforcing 
contractual terms. Wizz Air conducts all contracts with third-party ground handlers using the 
International Air Transport Association (the "IATA") industry standard ground handling 
agreement as the basis, supplemented with a signed Wizz Air ground specifications document 
outlining expectations and agreed service levels. Service levels are detailed and standardised and 
third-party suppliers are all contractually obliged to comply with Wizz Air's passenger handling 
and ground operations manuals. A comprehensive key performance indicator system usually 
underpins service level agreements and penalties are levied by Wizz Air in the event of consistent 
under-performance by a particular supplier. Each supplier is audited and receives updated training 
from Wizz Air typically once every one to two years. Wizz Air is focused on reducing the expenses 
paid to third-party suppliers for ground handling operations and cost-cutting initiatives are 
underway to optimise the procurement of services for flight diversion and cancellation 
management (being the provision of hotels, meals and transportation to passengers) and additional 
handling (being de-icing and ad hoc services). 
Maintenance 
Aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul are essential to the safety and comfort of Wizz Air's 
passengers, the efficient use of its aircraft and optimum fleet utilisation. Wizz Air currently 
outsources most of its aircraft maintenance and engineering with recognised and reliable providers. 
20 engineering experts are dedicated to continued airworthiness activities, 17 personnel manage 
material procurement including repair for technical components, 17 personnel control the technical 
maintenance support and 17 personnel are responsible for maintenance planning. Four additional 
employees support Wizz Air's "Part 145" maintenance organisation described below. Wizz Air's 
maintenance systems are subject to repeated audit programs from the European Union Aviation 
Safety Agency, Hungarian Aviation Authority, the UK CAA, the GCAA, IOSA and other 
regulatory bodies. 
Wizz Air's aircraft manufacturer, Airbus, and engine manufacturer, IAE, provide dedicated support 
to Wizz Air through on-site representatives and customised services over 39 maintenance bases. 
Lufthansa Technik, FL Technics and LS Technic, market leading maintenance operators, are Wizz 
Air's principal maintenance contractors on long-term contracts. Base maintenance activity for 
heavy C-checks is provided by Lufthansa Technik, Adria Tehnika, LS Technic and FL Technics. 
All of them providing sustainable support including structural repairs, modifications, storage and

--- Page 128 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 121 - 
70-41042609 
 
logistics and also component support as well as other engineering services. Base maintenance 
checks are typically performed in the off-peak winter season and line maintenance or minor checks 
occur out of hours to maximise aircraft utilisation. Wizz Air has established a Part 145 maintenance 
organisation to provide a mid-term organisational flexible solution for line maintenance support 
and aircraft-on-ground recovery at those airports where there is no EASA Part 145 support 
available. 
Safety 
Safety of the operation is a top priority of Wizz Air and ensured through the implementation of a 
Safety Management System (SMS) covering all operational functions. Wizz Air has a dedicated 
team of 16 safety employees and an additional 12 employees embedded in all lines of the business. 
The main elements of the safety management system are hazard identification, risk assessment and 
risk mitigation to an acceptable level. This process is supervised by Wizz Air's "Safety Review 
Board", which is the high level committee considering strategic safety functions. The safety 
management system uses a professional software, Integrated Management System, developed by 
INTELEX, which is one of the world leading companies in this field. The safety management 
system effectiveness is regularly reviewed and evaluated as part of the continuous SMS 
development programme. 
Compliance of Wizz Air's operations with authority requirements, aviation regulations and internal 
procedures is ensured through the compliance monitoring system working within the framework 
of annual approved monitoring programmes covering all areas of operation including auditing of 
vendors, suppliers and service providers. 
Wizz Air is subject to regular safety and compliance reviews, in particular from the EASA, the UK 
CAA, UAE General Civil Aviation Authority, the Hungarian and Maltese Aviation Authority. 
Additionally since 2015 Wizz Air is regularly audited within the framework of the IATA 
Operational Safety Audit programme (IOSA), an internationally recognised and accepted 
evaluation system designed to assess the operational management and control systems of an airline. 
Wizz Air has developed a detailed emergency response plan to handle different type of crisis 
situations and protect the interest of passengers, staff and business. Wizz Air has a modern, well 
equipped and readily available crisis management centre and a trained and experienced crisis 
management team supported by GoCrisis - a market leading provider of incident response services 
to the airline and transport industry. 
Airline safety is measured by the level of "mandatory incidents" per 1,000 flight cycles. The 
definition and severity of a mandatory incident is prescribed by the regulators and requires 
reporting accordingly. Mandatory incidents include air proximity incidents, technical incidents, 
damaging bird strikes, flight operations and ground operations incidents. Wizz Air recorded 0.45 
and 0.12 mandatory incidents per 1,000 flight cycles in the financial year ended 2022 and the 
financial year ended 2021, respectively. Wizz Air's mandatory incidents and all defined safety 
performance indicators are continuously monitored on Safety Review Board meetings. Adverse 
trends are analysed and respective actions are taken. One of the most frequent and disruptive of 
such incidents is a bird strike, which if it results in suspected damage may cause an aircraft to be 
grounded until it can be assessed and cleared by a licensed engineer. Wizz Air has adopted a pro-
active approach in relation to bird strike management and monitors this issue in co-operation with 
airports in its network, other partner airlines and aviation authorities. Wizz Air has had a small 
number of flight safety serious incidents and one accident involving passengers since commencing 
operations. No crew or passenger serious injuries were reported in any such serious incidents or 
accident. 
The safety culture for the organisation is seen as a key element to ensure effective safety 
management system, therefore the safety maturity level is continuously evaluated. Internal safety 
investigations aim to determine organisation and human factor elements to ensure continuous 
development.

--- Page 129 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 122 - 
70-41042609 
 
In September 2022 the Wizz Air Board of Directors held the first Safety, Security and Compliance 
Committee meeting. The purpose of the Committee is to oversee the company's safety activities 
and to provide guidance to the company's strategic safety objectives. 
Training 
Wizz Air's training programmes are primarily designed to prevent aircraft incidents and accidents. 
In addition, cabin crew training addresses customer service and sales. Training covers all aspects 
of flight deck and cabin operations, such as handling emergencies, winter operations, aviation 
security and flight safety. Crew and staff training in all operational departments is mandatory. 
Training records and processes are regularly subject to internal and external regulatory review and 
audit. In May 2013, Wizz Air opened its own flight simulator and training centre in Budapest. The 
training centre is operated exclusively for Wizz Air. The flight simulator and training centre was 
established primarily to reduce the cost of third-party pilot flight simulator providers and to assist 
with cabin crew training and licensing requirements. Wizz Air Hungary is licensed as an approved 
training organisation by the Hungarian Aviation Authority to carry out certain type rating training 
and qualifications internally. Currently the Group operates three Full Flight Simulators ("FFS"). 
In the financial year ended 2021, the Wizz Air Group recruited and trained more than 600 new 
pilots and more than 2000 new cabin crew. 200 of those new pilots were cadet pilots that have been 
trained and licenced exclusively by the Wizz Air academies. Furthermore, the Wizz Air Group 
upgraded internally more than 200 co-pilots to new commanders.  The Wizz Air training centre 
and the trainers were fully utilised. External facilities and simulator providers were used to cover 
the unprecedented training demands during the financial year ended 2021. At the same time the 
yearly recurrent crew training programmes were kept to a very high standard as per the EASA, UK 
CAA, GCAA regulatory requirements. These are the competent authorities that oversee the AOCs 
and the training standards of Wizz Air's operations.     
Insurance 
The Group maintains aviation insurance covering liability to passengers and crew, third-party 
liability, terrorist incidents and aircraft loss or damage and general insurance including property, 
motor, general employer and tenant liability, accident and life insurance, travel insurance, crew 
related loss of licence and directors' and officers' cover, in each case in amounts that are consistent 
with industry standards and that meet the Group's obligations under applicable laws and 
regulations. This insurance coverage has been obtained at competitive pricing levels through 
volume-based purchasing with current and former Indigo investee companies. Wizz Air Hungary, 
Wizz Air Malta, Wizz Air UK and Wizz Air Abu Dhabi have the same insurance coverage and 
terms.  
Information Technology 
Information technology is an essential part of Wizz Air's business infrastructure. Wizz Air invests 
in information technology as its use directly lowers costs, enables scalable operations and improves 
efficiency. Wizz Air's information technology strategy has been to deliver customer and user 
services using a combination of industry-leading enterprise level proven products and in-house 
developments. Wizz Air has consistently followed an outsourced model for its information 
technology function. Information technology vendors are required to follow the latest technologies 
and trends and to ensure the quality of their employees through regular training. The Company 
considers that Wizz Air's information technology systems are sufficiently durable and scalable to 
support Wizz Air's growth plans. 
In the financial year ended 2022 and the financial year ended 2021, respectively, wizzair.com had 
a weekly average of 2.9 million and 1.9 million distinct visitors. Wizz Air estimates that it had 
more than 250 million distinct visitors in 2021. Wizz Air's strategy is to promote the use of 
wizzair.com as its principal distribution channel whenever possible and Wizz Air actively 
encourages the use of its website for direct ticket sales by imposing an additional booking fee for 
telephone bookings. Wizz Air believes it can support a substantial increase in internet bookings 
through its website without incurring significant incremental expenses. The reservation system is 
operated and managed by Navitaire Inc. (an Amadeus company) in Microsoft Azure cloud 
environment. The current web infrastructure availability target is 99.99 per cent. The Company

--- Page 130 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 123 - 
70-41042609 
 
believes that these arrangements ensure that all components of the web and mobile sales channels 
operate in a stable and reliable way. The Company launched an iOS application in December 2012 
and an Android version was released in September 2013. Through these mobile phone applications, 
customers can now check-in, access their boarding pass and book tickets using their mobile device. 
The Company has plans to further develop wizzair.com using latest technologies, and build a 
cloud-native architecture with micro services and micro-front end components. 
Card payment services are provided by third-party service providers, including authorisation and 
settlement functions. Card payment providers are measured by service availability and there are 
secondary providers to achieve high reliability. Wizz Air's bank transfer payments are supported 
by an internally developed reconciliation and payment application responsible for matching 
incoming bank payments to sales transactions, bank reconciliation reporting and outgoing payment 
automation. Wizz Air continuously evaluates alternative payment methods and introduces low cost 
options like Open Banking.  
The Company's finance function is supported by Dynamics AX, which covers accounts payable 
and receivable, fixed assets, general ledger, financial reporting and invoicing functions.  Dynamics 
AX is measured by service availability and has shown a high level of reliability to date. 
A number of different systems support Wizz Air's operations. Amongst these, AIMS is a proven 
flight operations application which the Company has used since 2004. Since 2007, in-house 
developed class 1/type B electronic flight bag software has been used for a fully paperless cockpit 
with flight planning utilising the Lido Flight system from Lufthansa Systems. 
Wizz Air's maintenance function also utilises a number of systems, key among them being AMOS, 
which is run in-house from Budapest in a redundant cluster set-up and the 
ACARS/Airman/AirN@v which enables the monitoring of aircraft performance and faster 
problem resolution. Since 2008, Wizz Air has benefitted from a data warehouse which regularly 
collects business-relevant data and translates it into meaningful information from all major 
transactional systems (New Skies, AIMS, AIRCOM, Dynamics, Competitive database, Web 
Analytics, etc.). This data is used to support business decisions in different functions and levels on 
a daily basis, as well as providing compliance reports (for example, in relation to EU ETS) or 
monthly accounting reconciliation. Wizz Air has expanded its investment in data to include Cloud-
Native Advance Analytics, including Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, with 14 
different data assets providing enhanced insights and optimization. 
Employees 
As at 30 September 2022, the Group had 6775 staff comprised of 2016 pilots, 4385 cabin crew and 
375 office staff. The Group's information technology function, as noted above, together with the 
maintenance and engineering function also utilise the services of a number of personnel provided 
through contracts with third-party companies, with 15 information technology personnel and 14 
maintenance and engineering personnel being used by the Group as at 30 September 2022. On 
average, each aircraft is staffed with twelve pilots and 28 crew who work in rotation. Wizz Air has 
good relations and open communications with its employees.  
The Group seeks to employ personnel local to its bases in its Home Markets when recruiting to the 
extent possible and employ them on local contracts governed by the local labour laws in the 
respective country. Pilots are more often an international workforce and move around throughout 
the Wizz Air network as they gain experience and are promoted. Wizz Air provides its pilots with 
opportunities to gain substantial flight experience as well as fast-track promotion to captain for 
suitably talented internal candidates. 
Wizz Air operates an "Ambassadors" programme for cabin crew which recognises excellent 
service and consumer focus with selected finalists being voted for by customers via a Facebook 
application. Wizz Air Ambassadors represent the Wizz Air brand in the media and at community 
and charity events.  
Wizz Air's pilots and cabin crew are managed locally by a base manager or base captain on the 
basis of centrally agreed manuals, processes and procedures. Wizz Air has regional managers and

--- Page 131 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 124 - 
70-41042609 
 
heads of department for pilots and cabin crew. Wizz Air's senior management aim to visit all bases 
at least twice a year.  
In the financial year ended 2022, Wizz Air achieved utilisation rates for pilots of 63.0 per cent 
(financial year ended 2021: 38.1 per cent.) and for cabin crew of 68.2 per cent. (financial year 
ended 2021: 35.9 per cent.) on a full-time equivalent basis of the legal maximum number of duty 
hours able to be flown by such pilots and cabin crew. 
7. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
Save as disclosed below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware) during the 
twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have or have had in the 
recent past a significant effect on the Company's and/or Group's financial position or profitability. 
European Commission state aid investigations 
Between 2011 and 2015, the European Commission initiated state aid investigations with respect 
to certain arrangements made between Wizz Air Hungary and the following airports, respectively: 
Timisoara, Cluj-Napoca, Târgu Mures, Beauvais and Girona. In the context of these investigations, 
Wizz Air has submitted its legal observations and supporting economic analyses of the relevant 
arrangements to the European Commission, which are currently under review. The European 
Commission has given notice that the state aid investigations involving Wizz Air will be assessed 
on the basis of the new "EU Guidelines on State aid to airports and airlines" which were adopted 
by the European Commission on 20 February 2014. Where relevant, Wizz Air has made further 
submissions to the European Commission in response to this notification. In relation to the 
Timisoara arrangements, the European Commission confirmed on 24 February 2020 that the 
arrangements did not constitute state aid. Wizz Air is awaiting decisions in relation to the other 
airport arrangements mentioned herein above. Ultimately, an adverse decision by the European 
Commission could result in a repayment order for the recovery from Wizz Air of any amount 
determined by the European Commission to constitute illegal state aid. Although Wizz Air 
anticipates that none of these ongoing investigations are expected to lead to exposure that is 
material to the Group, Wizz Air cannot be sure until such determinations have been made. 
Claims by Carpatair 
Between 2011 and 2013, Carpatair, a regional airline based in Romania, initiated a number of legal 
proceedings in Romania alleging that Wizz Air has been receiving state aid from Timişoara airport, 
demanding that Wizz Air reimburse any such state aid. In addition, Carpatair initiated an action 
for damages demanding recovery from Wizz Air of approximately €93 million in alleged damages 
which was dismissed by the Bucharest court of appeals on the basis that Carpatair lacked an interest 
in the matter. Consequently, the decision by the Bucharest court of appeals is subject to 
appeal. Importantly, in light of the favourable European Commission decision on the Timisoara 
arrangements referred to above, it is expected that the Romanian courts will rule in favour of Wizz 
Air dismissing the respective requests and claims filed by Carpatair although until such 
determination has been made the Group cannot be sure of its outcome. No provision has been made 
by the Group in relation to these issues in anticipation of a favourable ruling, however, should an 
adverse ruling be made such ruling could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial conditions and/or prospects. 
8. 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Wizz Air's commercial aviation business is subject to regulation at two levels: EU and national. 
Subject to some exceptions, the provisions of EU legislation are also applicable in Iceland, 
Liechtenstein and Norway, as parties to the agreement establishing the European Economic Area 
("EEA"), as well as in Switzerland under the EU-Switzerland Air Transport Agreement. 
References to EU Member States/nationals in the EU legislation also cover Iceland, Liechtenstein, 
Norway and Switzerland and their nationals. Moreover, under the agreement establishing the 
European Common Aviation Area ("ECAA") between the EU Member States, Iceland, Norway 
and some Eastern European countries (Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Montenegro, 
Serbia and Kosovo), the latter have agreed to the full application of EU aviation law and the

--- Page 132 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 125 - 
70-41042609 
 
opening of their markets to airlines based in countries party to the ECAA. Full implementation of 
the ECAA agreement is currently suspended pending ratification by some signatories. 
European regulatory framework 
Air Services Regulation 
The rules governing licensing and the operation of air carriers within the EU are set out in the Air 
Services Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 1008/2008). The Air Services Regulation consolidates 
and updates the Third Aviation Liberalisation Package, which established a single EU air transport 
market, effective from 1 January 1993. The Air Services Regulation is part of Annex XIII of the 
European economic area agreement establishing the EEA (the "EEA Agreement") as well as the 
EU-Switzerland Air Transport Agreement and is therefore binding on nationals of Iceland, 
Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. 
The Air Services Regulation sets out the financial conditions that all EU airlines (which the Air 
Services Regulation refers to as "Community carriers") must fulfil in order to obtain and maintain 
an operating licence; clarifies the criteria for the granting and validity of operating licences in the 
EU; introduces uniform standards for the review and monitoring of operating licences in the EU 
Member States; simplifies the procedure for fulfilling public service obligations; and clarifies the 
framework for relations with third countries and the requirement that traffic rights for non-EU 
airlines to operate between European cities be negotiated at the European level. The Air Services 
Regulation also lays down the conditions for the leasing of aircraft. 
The principal features of the regulatory regime established in the Air Services Regulation are as 
follows: 
• 
Operating licences. The Air Services Regulation provides that an operating licence may 
be granted to an undertaking by the EU Member State in which it has its principal place 
of business, subject to such undertaking having a valid AOC; demonstrating to the relevant 
licensing authority that it can meet its actual and potential obligations for a period of 24 
months from the start of operations; and demonstrating that it can meet its fixed and 
operational costs for a period of three months from the start of operations without taking 
account of revenue from its operations, and subject to the conditions mentioned in the next 
paragraph below. 
Under the Air Services Regulation, an EU airline must (a) have its principal place of 
business in the EU Member State from which it obtained its licence, (b) have air services 
as its main occupation and (c) be more than 50 per cent. owned and be effectively 
controlled by Qualifying Nationals (Member States and/or nationals of Member States) 
and continue to be so owned and controlled. An EU airline must also comply with 
insurance requirements, provide proof of good repute of its management if required by its 
licensing authority and have at least one aircraft available to it through ownership or lease. 
An EU airline must notify the licensing authority in advance of changes in its activities, 
such as the operation of certain new services or a substantial change of scale in its 
activities, of a merger or acquisition, and within 14 days of a change of ownership of any 
single shareholding which represents ten per cent. or more of its total share capital or that 
of its parent or ultimate holding company. The licensing authority may request a revised 
business plan or resubmission of approval for the licence. 
The licence must be suspended if the carrier cannot meet its obligations during a twelve-
month period, although a temporary licence may be issued pending financial 
reorganisation. The licence must also be suspended if the carrier furnishes false 
information on an important point, if the AOC is suspended or revoked or if the carrier no 
longer complies with any good repute requirements. 
• 
Access to routes. The Air Services Regulation enables all EU-based airlines to operate 
any routes within the EEA and Switzerland, including routes within those states, with no 
restrictions on capacity and frequency.

--- Page 133 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 126 - 
70-41042609 
 
Subject to the approval of the European Commission and certain conditions, an EU 
Member State may make rules distributing traffic between airports serving the same city 
or conurbation. Such rules cannot be discriminatory. 
EU Member States may also enter into agreements with airlines for the operation of 
services on "public service obligation" routes to ensure standards of continuity, regularity, 
capacity and pricing of a scheduled service to peripheral or development regions in their 
territories following consultations with other EU Member States concerned and after 
having informed the European Commission and air carriers operating on the relevant 
routes. 
Wizz Air's access to intra-EU routes is not currently restricted, nor does Wizz Air operate 
any public service obligation routes pursuant to the Air Services Regulation. 
• 
Pricing. The Air Services Regulation allows EU airlines to fix their own fares on services 
provided within the EU subject to EU competition law and to fares agreed for public 
services obligations. The Air Services Regulation also specifies that the published price 
for a service shall include the fare and all applicable taxes, charges, surcharges and fees 
which are unavoidable and foreseeable at the time of publication. In addition, details must 
be given of the different components of the price (fares, taxes, airport charges and other 
costs). 
Following Brexit, the Air Services Regulation is no longer applicable to the UK. The UK and the 
EU concluded the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which has been in effect since 1 May 2021. 
Among other things, the Trade and Cooperation agreement grants reciprocal rights for UK and EU 
airlines to operate on routes from the UK via intermediate points to points in the EU, and vice 
versa, and for that purpose, certain rights to the parties’ respective air carriers, including rights to 
fly across territories without landing and making stops in another party’s territory to provide 
scheduled and non-scheduled air transport services. 
Allocation of slots 
The rules for the allocation of slots at coordinated airports in the EEA and Switzerland are 
contained in Council Regulation (EEC) No 95/93 (as amended by Regulation (EC) No 793/2004) 
(the "Slot Regulation"). The principal objective of the Slot Regulation is to facilitate competition 
between airlines and to encourage and support new entrants in the EU air transport market. The 
Slot Regulation is part of the EEA Agreement (Annex XIII) as well as of the EU-Switzerland Air 
Transport Agreement and is therefore binding on Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. 
The Slot Regulation provides for the designation by EU Member States of congested airports for 
co-ordination by independent co-ordinators whose appointment must be ensured by the EU 
Member States concerned. The Slot Regulation draws a distinction between "co-ordinated" airports 
and "schedules-facilitated" airports. 
A schedules-facilitated airport is an airport where there is potential for congestion during some 
periods of the day, week or year which is amenable to resolution by voluntary co-operation between 
air carriers and where a schedules facilitator has been appointed to facilitate the operations of air 
carriers operating services or intending to operate services at that airport. 
A co-ordinated airport means an airport where, in order to land or take off, it is necessary for an 
air carrier or any other aircraft operator to have been allocated a slot by a co-ordinator. EU Member 
States are obliged to carry out a thorough capacity analysis of an airport (a) when they consider it 
necessary, (b) when requested to do so either by air carriers representing more than half of the 
operations at the airport in question or the airport's managing body or (c) upon request of the 
European Commission. The EU Member State will make its decision whether to designate an 
airport as co-ordinated on the basis of this capacity report and consultation with the managing body 
of the airport, the air carriers, their representatives and representatives of general aviation and air 
traffic control.

--- Page 134 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 127 - 
70-41042609 
 
The main principles of the Slot Regulation affecting slot allocation are the following: 
(a) 
provision for the long established principle of historical precedence, under which an airline 
holding and using a series of slots for a particular industry scheduling period (winter or 
summer) shall be entitled to that series of slots in the next equivalent period, subject 
primarily to the "use-it-or-lose-it" rule. The "use-it-or-lose-it" rule means that in order to 
claim such historical precedence the airline must have operated the series of slots for at 
least 80 per cent. of the time during the scheduling period for which they were allocated. 
Otherwise, all the slots constituting the series are placed in the slot pool. 
(b) 
the creation of a slot pool into which newly created slots (created through increases in 
hourly scheduling limits or new runway capacity) are placed comprises slots returned 
either voluntarily or under the "use-it-or-lose-it" rule and slots otherwise unclaimed under 
historical precedence. 50 per cent. of the pool slots must be allocated to new entrants 
unless they request a fewer number. A new entrant is defined as (i) an airline requesting, 
as part of a series of slots, a slot at an airport on any day on which that airline holds or has 
been allocated fewer than five slots or (ii) an airline which requested a series of slots for a 
non-stop service between two airports in the EU where at most two other carriers operate 
a direct service between those airports or airport systems on that day and where the 
applicant airline holds or has been allocated fewer than five slots on that day for that 
service or (iii) any air carrier requesting a series of slots at an airport for a non-stop service 
between that airport and a regional airport where no other air carrier operates an air service 
between those airports on that day, where the applicant holds or would hold fewer than 
five slots at that airport on that day for that service. Any airline with more than five per 
cent. of all slots at an airport or more than four per cent. of slots at an airport system (being 
two or more airports grouped together and serving the same city or conurbation, as listed 
in Annex II to Council Regulation (EEC) 2408/92) cannot qualify as a new entrant. 
(c) 
recognition of additional rules. Airport co-ordinators are required to take into account 
additional rules and guidelines established by the air transport industry worldwide (such 
as the IATA Worldwide Slot Guide) or in the EU as well as any local guidelines approved 
by the relevant EU Member State for the airport in question, provided that such rules and 
guidelines do not affect the independent status of the co-ordinator. 
Slots are not route-specific or aircraft-specific and may be used by an airline for any aircraft, type 
of service or destination. Slots may be exchanged one for one with other airlines. This has given 
rise to a mechanism for the secondary trading of slots. A practice developed, mainly at London 
Heathrow airport, whereby airlines exchange a valuable slot for a less valuable one (which may 
have been obtained from the co-ordinator for this purpose and is returned to the slot pool after the 
exchange). Payment is made by the airline receiving the more valuable slot. This has allowed 
airlines to receive payments of millions of pounds for trading series of valuable slots. The English 
High Court ruled that this practice is compatible with the Slot Regulation in R v Airport Co-
ordination Limited ex parte States of Guernsey Transport Board 1999 EULR 745. Subsequently, 
in a communication on the application of the Slot Regulation dated 30 April 2008 (COM(2008)227 
final), the European Commission stated: "The text of the Slot Regulation is silent on the question 
of exchanges with monetary and other consideration to reflect differences in value between slots 
at different times of day and other factors. Given that there is no clear and explicit prohibition of 
such exchanges, the Commission does not intend to pursue infringement proceedings against EU 
Member States where such exchanges take place in a transparent manner, respecting all the other 
administrative requirements for the allocation of slots set out in the applicable legislation". Slot 
trading has continued at London Heathrow airport and has been practised at London Gatwick 
airport and possibly, to a limited extent, at some other co-ordinated airports. 
In December 2011, the European Commission adopted a package of measures containing a 
proposed revised regulation on common rules for the allocation of slots to address capacity 
shortages at European airports and improve the quality of services offered to passengers (the 
"Better Airports Package").

--- Page 135 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 128 - 
70-41042609 
 
The proposed regulation has the aim of maximising use by airlines of available capacity. In 
particular, under the proposed regulation: 
(a) 
airlines will be able to trade slots with each other at airports anywhere in the EU in a 
transparent way and under clear conditions. Slot trading will be supervised by national 
authorities; 
(b) 
the rules requiring airlines to demonstrate that they have used their slots sufficiently during 
the season will be tightened by increasing the slot utilisation threshold from 80 per cent. 
to 85 per cent. and the length of the slot series from the current five to ten days for the 
winter season and 15 days for the summer season. The tightening of the so-called "use-it-
or-lose-it" rule should ensure that airlines who wish to keep slots for the coming season 
fully utilise the capacity; and 
(c) 
there will be additional safeguards for the independence of the slot coordinator and 
increased level of transparency on slots transactions. 
The Better Airports Package falls under the ordinary legislative procedure of the EU; both the 
European Parliament and the Council are co-legislators and need to approve the same final text of 
the regulation. On 12 December 2012, the plenary session of the European Parliament adopted 
legislative resolutions at first reading, introducing amendments to the proposed regulation on slots 
allocation. The amendments maintain the current slot utilisation thresholds at 80 per cent. and 
strengthen the penalty system to discourage airlines from holding slots without using them. The 
proposed regulation is awaiting final approval by the Council of the EU and has not yet come into 
force. 
The proposed revised regulation now awaits final approval by the Council of the EU. 
Given the departure of the UK from the EU, the Group’s operations in the UK and the EU are also 
subject to two separate regimes for slot controlled airports: the Airport Coordination Limited in 
the UK and the European Commission in the EU. 
Air carrier liability 
Regulation (EC) No 2027/97 (as amended by Regulation (EC) No 889/2002) imposes provisions 
equivalent to the Montreal Convention with respect to the carriage of passengers and their baggage 
by air. The regulation is part of the EEA Agreement as well as of the EU-Switzerland Air Transport 
Agreement and is therefore binding on nationals of Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and 
Switzerland. The Montreal Convention imposes strict liability on airlines in the event of death or 
injury to passengers up to a maximum of the equivalent of 128,821 Special Drawing Rights 
(approximately US$178,668 per passenger). Thereafter, liability is unlimited but an airline can 
escape liability if it proves either that it was not negligent or guilty of a wrongful act or omission, 
or that the accident was caused by the fault of a third party. The airline is also required to 
compensate passengers, or their survivors, for their expenses in the immediate aftermath of an 
accident within 15 days. Liability for loss, damage or delay to baggage is limited to 1 288 Special 
Drawing Rights (approximately US$1,786). The implementation of this regulation, which applies 
to all EU airlines, has not had any material adverse effect on Wizz Air's business, financial 
condition or operations results. 
Regulation (EC) No 785/2004 on insurance requirements for air carriers and aircraft operators (as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No 1137/2008 and Commission Regulation (EU) No 287/2010) sets 
out the minimum insurance requirements for liability linked to passengers, baggage, cargo and 
third parties for air carriers and air traffic operators flying within, into, out of or over the territory 
of an EU Members State. The regulation is part of the EEA Agreement as well as the EU-
Switzerland Air Transport Agreement and is therefore binding on Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway 
and Switzerland and their nationals. 
Passenger rights and compensation 
Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 establishes common rules on compensation and assistance to 
passengers in the event of denied boarding, cancellation or a long delay of flights.

--- Page 136 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 129 - 
70-41042609 
 
The rights apply to any flights, including charters, from an EU airport or to an EU airport from an 
airport outside the EU when operated by an EU airline. The regulation is part of the EEA 
Agreement as well as the EU-Switzerland Air Transport Agreement and is therefore also applicable 
to flights to or from an airport in Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. Where a 
passenger is denied boarding against their will, the airline must offer compensation and assistance, 
together with a choice of reimbursement of the full cost of the ticket and a return flight to the point 
of first departure or re-routing to the passenger's final destination, except where there are 
reasonable grounds to deny the passenger boarding such as reasons of health, safety or security or 
inadequate travel documentation. In the case of cancellation or arrival delay above three hours, 
compensation may also be payable at the same amounts as are applicable to denied boarding, unless 
the airline can prove that the cancellation or arrival delay was caused by extraordinary 
circumstances which could not have been avoided even if all reasonable measures had been taken.  
The compensation amount payable depends on the length of the flight: €250 for all flights of 
1,500km or less; €400 for all intra-EU flights of more than 1,500km and non-intra-EU flights 
between 1,500 and 3,500km; and €600 for all other flights.  
The regulation also imposes obligations with regard to care and assistance of passengers in the case 
of delays which exceed certain defined durations, ranging from two to four hours depending on the 
length of the delayed flight. A right of reimbursement also arises if a flight is delayed by more than 
five hours.  
Since it has left the EU, in the UK, equivalent legislation is applicable in this area: the Air 
Passenger Rights and Air Travel Organisers’ Licensing (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. 
Ground handling 
Access to the market for ground handling at EU airports has been liberalised under Directive 
96/67/EC (as updated and amended by Regulation (EC) No 1882/2003). This directive is aimed at 
providing open access to the ground handling market at European airports. EU Member States are 
obliged to ensure that access to the ground handling market is granted by the airport authorities 
under a transparent and impartial procedure that prevents airport authorities or airlines from 
maintaining certain barriers to market entry. This directive is part of the EEA Agreement as well 
as the EU-Switzerland Air Transport Agreement and is therefore binding on airport authorities in 
Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. The implementation of the directive and the later 
regulation has not materially affected Wizz Air's business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
The Better Airports Package adopted by the Commission in December 2011 includes a proposal 
for a new regulation on ground handling services that would repeal Directive 96/67/EU. The 
proposed regulation intends to improve the quality and efficiency of ground handling services at 
airports by: 
(a) 
increasing the minimum choice of ground handlers for restricted services (baggage 
handling, ramp handling, refuelling and oil, freight and mail services) at large airports 
from two to three; 
(b) 
creating a new role for the airport managing body as the "ground co-ordinator" with overall 
responsibility for the co-ordination of ground handling services (including minimum 
quality standards); 
(c) 
allowing EU Member States to impose a requirement on companies that win ground 
handling contracts in restricted markets to transfer the staff from the previous contract 
holder with their full existing conditions; and 
(d) 
allowing mutual recognition of national approvals for ground handlers issued by EU 
Member States, so that a handler approved by one EU Member State would be able to 
provide the same services in another EU Member State. 
The Better Airports Package falls under the ordinary legislative procedure of the EU; both the 
European Parliament and the Council are co-legislators and need to approve the same final text of 
the regulation. On 16 April 2013, the plenary session of the European Parliament adopted a

--- Page 137 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 130 - 
70-41042609 
 
legislative resolution at first reading, introducing amendments to the proposed regulation on 
ground handling services. The European Commission supports the amendments. The proposed 
regulation awaits final approval by the Council of the EU and has not yet come into force. 
In the UK, the CAA has powers under the Airports (Groundhandling) Regulations 1997 (the "1997 
Regulations") which implemented Directive 96/67/EC. Certain deficiencies of the 1997 
Regulations have been corrected by the Airports (Groundhandling) (Amendment) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2018, arising as a result of the UK’s exit from the EU. 
European Aviation Safety Agency and UK CAA 
The EASA, established by Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 on common rules in the field of civil 
aviation, is an agency of the EU charged with implementing and monitoring safety rules (including 
inspections) in EU Member States, providing type-certification of aircraft and components and 
approval of organisations involved in the design, manufacture and maintenance of aeronautical 
products. The EASA also enforces regulations governing air operations and flight crew licensing. 
Implementing regulations extending EASA powers to safety certification of airports in the EU are 
currently under discussion and are likely to come into force in the near future. 
On 24 April 2014, Regulation (EU) No. 376/2014 on the reporting, analysis and follow-up of 
occurrences in civil aviation was published in the Official Journal. The Regulation will be effective 
from 15 November 2015. 
On 29 April 2014, the European Commission adopted Commission Regulation (EU) No. 452/2014, 
laying down technical requirements and administrative procedures related to air operations of third 
country operators pursuant to Regulation (EC) 216/2008. According to the Regulation, third 
country operators will only be able to engage in commercial air transport operations within, into 
or out of the territory subject to the Treaty if they comply with Annex 1 to the Regulation and hold 
an authorisation issued by the EASA in accordance with Annex 2 to the Regulation. The Regulation 
makes it possible for airlines from outside the EU to obtain a single safety authorisation that applies 
to the whole EU and also simplifies the application process. The Regulation came into force on 26 
May 2014. 
The UK CAA is currently primarily responsible for overseeing and regulating air carriers in the 
UK. The UK CAA is responsible for licensing airlines which have their principal place of business 
in the United Kingdom through the issue of operating licences, subject to the requirements of UK 
law. 
Rights for disabled passengers 
Regulation (EC) No 1107/2006 strengthening the rights of disabled air passengers and passengers 
with reduced mobility ("disabled passengers") was formally adopted on 5 July 2006 and entered 
into force on 15 August 2006. This regulation is binding on all EU airlines, including Wizz Air. 
The regulation is part of the EEA Agreement as well as the EU-Switzerland Air Transport 
Agreement, and is therefore also binding on airlines from Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and 
Switzerland. 
The regulation bans air carriers from refusing reservations or boarding to disabled passengers on 
the grounds of their disability. All assistance to disabled passengers must be provided free of 
charge. Wheelchairs and recognised assistance dogs must be accommodated on aircraft. 
Reservations and boarding by disabled passengers may be refused on safety grounds or where the 
size of the aircraft makes embarkation or carriage physically impossible. If a disabled passenger is 
refused boarding, he must either be re-routed on another flight or be reimbursed. The passenger 
must be informed in writing of the reasons why their reservation or boarding was refused. 
Airlines are responsible for all assistance on-board aircraft. Airport managing bodies are 
responsible for all assistance in airports but may recover the ensuing costs from airlines, which 
may be asked to pay a charge proportional to the total quantity of passengers which the airport 
managing body embarks and disembarks at the airport. The charge is independent of the number 
of passengers with reduced mobility which the airline carries.

--- Page 138 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 131 - 
70-41042609 
 
Regulation (EC) No 1107/2006 was incorporated into domestic UK law by section 3 of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Noise restrictions at EU airports 
On 16 April 2014, the European Parliament adopted at second reading under the co-decision 
procedure Regulation (EU) No 598/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the 
establishment of rules and procedures with regard to the introduction of noise-related operating 
restrictions at Union airports within a Balanced Approach. The Regulation repealed Directive 
2002/30/EC and left the responsibility for concrete decisions about noise-related operating 
restrictions with national and local authorities which has to follow an EU harmonised process. The 
Commission reviews the quality of the process and, if necessary, take action before restricting 
measures are implemented. The new Regulation entered into force on 13 June 2016. The 
Regulation does not set out noise quality goals, which will continue to derive from Directive 
2002/49/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 June 2002 relating to the 
assessment and management of environmental noise, and other relevant Union rules or legislation 
within each Member State. 
Regulation of non-EU services 
Wizz Air's services that involve airports located in non-EEA countries are subject to regulation 
under international air services agreements. These are agreements between states or between a state 
and a group of states (such as the EU) that establish how airlines are authorised to serve routes 
between the territories of the parties to the agreement, what routes can be served, regulation of 
pricing (if any) and conditions for operations and sales in the territory of one party for airlines 
authorised by the other party. Historically, many bilateral air services agreements contained 
provisions regarding the designation of airlines by the bilateral partners to operate air services 
which permitted only the designation of airlines which were owned and controlled by nationals of 
the relevant country. For EU airlines, the ownership and control requirements in international air 
services agreements have changed substantially as a result of the Open Skies judgment of the 
European Court of Justice of 5 November 2002 which ruled that the maintenance of restrictive 
ownership and control provisions in air services agreements with non-EU countries breached EU 
law. 
Following the Open Skies judgment, the EU has negotiated "open skies" agreements with a number 
of important trading partners. These agreements replace the bilateral air services agreements 
between 127 individual EU countries and the relevant third country with a single air services 
agreement. They allow operations between any airport pair in the territory of the EEA and the 
territory of the other party, free from price regulation, for EU airlines and for airlines licensed by 
the non-EU party. They also provide that the other party will "implement regulatory requirements 
and standards equivalent to EU aviation rules in areas such as aviation safety, environment, 
consumer protection including passenger rights, air traffic management, economic regulation, 
competition issues and social aspects". For some other countries, the EU has negotiated "horizontal 
agreements". These agreements supplement the existing bilateral air services agreements between 
individual EU Member States and the country in question to ensure that any EU airline is entitled 
to serve routes from the relevant EU Member State to that third country. For several non-EU 
countries, neither an "open skies" agreement nor a horizontal agreement supplementing the existing 
operating agreement has been negotiated. Therefore, services between the EU and some important 
markets (for example, Russia and Ukraine) are still subject to the requirements of traditional 
(unamended) bilateral air service agreements between the relevant country and the individual EU 
Member State. 
Wizz Air Hungary and Wizz Air Malta 
As EU-based airlines, Wizz Air Hungary and Wizz Air Malta are entitled to provide services on 
routes between airports in the EEA and airports in countries that have signed an "open skies" 
agreement. This allows Wizz Air Hungary to operate on routes to, for example, Moldova, Georgia 
and Israel. Wizz Air Hungary can also provide services on routes between EU airports and airports 
in countries where the EU has a horizontal agreement in place. Thus Wizz Air Hungary currently 
operates services between for example Romania and the UAE. For these services Wizz Air 
Hungary is designated under the Romania-UAE air services agreement, as amended by the EU-

--- Page 139 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 132 - 
70-41042609 
 
UAE horizontal agreement. Where there is neither an "open skies" agreement nor a horizontal 
agreement in place, Wizz Air Hungary is limited to operating under bilateral air service agreements 
where the third country will accept Wizz Air's designation based on its EU majority ownership 
occasionally.  
Wizz Air UK 
Wizz Air UK is authorised to operate by virtue of an operating licence and an AOC issued by the 
UK CAA. Wizz Air UK is entitled to provide services on routes from the UK to EU and Third 
Countries. Wizz Air UK is key element of Wizz Air's access to UK market in a post-Brexit era. 
Wizz Air Abu Dhabi 
Wizz Air Abu Dhabi has received its Air Operator Certificate from the UAE General Civil Aviation 
Authority and started successful operations as a national airline of the UAE. Necessary route 
designations and permits have been granted in the UAE and various destination countries.  
Other legal and regulatory developments 
Flight time limitations 
Council Regulation (EEC) 3922/91 on EU civil aviation rules (as last amended by Regulation (EC) 
No 859/2008 of 20 August 2008) imposes restrictions on maximum total duty time, duty block 
time and daily flight duty periods for crew members and stipulates rest periods. The regulation is 
part of the EEA Agreement as well as the EU-Switzerland Air Transport Agreement, and is 
therefore binding on nationals of Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. 
On 29 January 2014 the European Commission Regulation 83/2014 amending Regulation 
965/2012 was published in the Official Journal. It has more than 30 provisions aimed at improving 
safety rules on pilot and crew fatigue, such as a reduction of flight duty time at night by 45 minutes. 
It has been applicable since 18 February 2016. 
Other legislation 
In addition to the above, there is a wide variety of legislation adopted in different countries which 
impacts on air services to or from the relevant country. Since 1 July 2006, a solidarity tax is payable 
on all flights departing from France to finance health systems in developing countries. The 
surcharge is €1 for economy tickets on domestic or intra-EU routes and €4 on economy tickets on 
flights to extra-EU destinations. For tickets in business and first class, the surcharge is €10 on 
domestic or intra-EU routes and €40 on extra-EU routes. There have been discussions in other EU 
states about introducing similar measures and it is possible that similar measures may be introduced 
in other EU States. 
The airline industry is highly regulated and airlines cannot always pass on to their customers the 
costs associated with regulation. Regulatory changes can have an adverse impact on airlines' costs, 
flexibility, marketing strategy, business model and ability to expand. 
9. 
GREEN INITIATIVES   
As one of the fastest growing airlines in Europe and the largest low-cost airline in Central and 
Eastern Europe, Wizz Air’s ultra low-cost business model means it is able to offer the lowest fares 
to its customers and that, in turn, makes flying affordable for more people than ever before and 
offers the opportunity to travel to as many people as possible. At the same time, Wizz Air is also 
conscious of the many economic, social and environmental developments impacting its 
communities and have launched a number of initiatives to address them. Wizz Air's initiatives can 
be summed up in three sustainability pillars: Environment, People and Economy. 
Wizz Air aspires to be one of the most sustainable airlines on the planet, and it believes that this is 
a key strength and contributor to its competitive advantage. However, in the context of the 
continuing impact of global warming, its responsibility towards the environment is its single 
biggest opportunity in creating a clear pathway towards being an even greener airline. Therefore, 
Wizz Air has set itself a 2030 goal of reducing emission intensity to 43 grams per RPK.

--- Page 140 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 133 - 
70-41042609 
 
Emission intensity 
F20 (baseline) 
F25 
F30 
CO2 in g/RPK ....................................... 
57.2 
47.3 
43 
 
Additionally, in November 2020, Wizz Air launched a carbon offsetting scheme as part of its wider 
commitment to reducing emissions, enabling passengers to calculate their flight’s environmental 
impact and offset the carbon emissions thereof. The scheme, in partnership with climate-focused 
technology company, CHOOOSE, provides passengers with the option to offset their journey by 
supporting trusted, high-impact climate projects around the world. 
In November 2019, the Board approved the extension of the Audit Committee’s remit to include 
the oversight of the Company’s sustainability strategy. The Audit Committee was renamed as the 
Audit and Sustainability Committee and its terms of reference were amended accordingly.  
In addition, as sustainability grows in significance and begins to spread to all aspects of the 
Company’s operations, the Audit and Sustainability Committee has worked with management to 
ensure that it is fully integrated both into governance processes at all levels within the Company, 
including at the Board, and into day-to-day operations. As a result the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee passed the responsibility for this critical area to the newly established Sustainability 
and Culture Committee in June 2021. 
The Committee assists the Board in reviewing the Company’s policies and practice on 
sustainability. As such the terms of reference specifically instruct the Committee to: 
• 
Review the Group’s sustainability strategy and its implementation.  
• 
Examine the extra-financial risks and specifically those relating to environmental, social 
and societal issues.  
• 
Coordinate non-financial and diversity reporting processes in accordance with applicable 
legislation and international benchmarks. 
It shall also assist the Board in reviewing the Group's policies and practices on culture and as such 
shall:  
• 
Review the Group’s diversity strategy and targets and their implementation.  
• 
Review the Group’s employee relations, in particular the effectiveness of the People 
Council. 
By continuously integrating sustainability into its business and operations as further detailed below, 
the Company contributes significantly to the UN Sustainable Development Goals that are within 
its scope of influence. 
In February 2020, based on public data, the Company received an ‘AA’ Environmental, Social and 
Governance ("ESG") rating from MSCI, the second-best available score after triple-A.  
In July 2021, Wizz Air received ESG risk rating, 25.45 Medium risk by Sustainalytics placing the 
airline 2nd in Europe and 8th in the world out of 70 rated airlines. 
Wizz Air knows that the aviation industry has a responsibility to minimise its effects on the 
environment. As such, Wizz Air is particularly proud to continuously operate at the lowest CO2 
emissions per passenger amongst all competitor airlines. Wizz Air's business model, which 
continuously assesses and implements innovative technologies, decreases its environmental 
footprint and, with its order of the 276 ultra-efficient Airbus A320neo-family aircraft that started 
delivery in March 2019, Wizz Air will continue to drive efficiency and improvement in this area. 
It aims to reduce its environmental footprint by one third for every passenger over the next decade. 
While the ultimate goal is to ensure that by choosing to fly with Wizz Air, its customers are making 
the greenest choice of air travel available, it is also committed to enhancing transparency across 
the industry. From June 2019, Wizz Air started to include its emissions figures in its published 
monthly statistics, which helps passengers to make more informed and responsible travel decisions.

--- Page 141 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 134 - 
70-41042609 
 
In addition, as sustainability grows in significance and begins to spread to all aspects of the 
Company’s operations, the Audit and Sustainability Committee has worked with management to 
ensure that it is fully integrated both into governance processes at all levels within the Company, 
including at the Board, and into day-to-day operations. Maintaining a young and efficient fleet 
Since its very first flight in 2004, Wizz Air has always operated the Airbus A320-family of aircraft 
and currently owns one of the youngest fleets in Europe with an average age of 4.5 years . Wizz 
Air not only has one of the youngest fleets, but also one of the most efficient. The Airbus A321neo, 
which Wizz Air introduced in March 2019, is the most efficient single aisle aircraft with the lowest 
fuel consumption per seat in its category. The new generation Airbus A321neo aircraft is powered 
by two Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan engines and features the widest single-aisle cabin with 
239 seats in a single class configuration, offering Wizz Air maximum flexibility, fuel efficiency 
and low operating costs. The A321neo delivers exceptional fuel economics by reducing fuel 
consumption by 10 per cent. compared to the A321ceo, which further translates to a 20 per cent. 
fuel savings compared to the A320ceo aircraft. The A321neo also offers significant environmental 
benefits with an almost 50 per cent. reduction in noise footprint as well as a 50 per cent. reduction 
in nitrogen oxide emissions compared to previous generation aircraft.  
Wizz Air's policy of operating the newest, most efficient aircraft will remain as it continues to grow 
– fuel efficiency is good for its business, good for the environment and good for its customers, as 
it means Wizz Air can continue to offer its lowest fares whilst further decreasing its environmental 
impact by one third for every passenger over the next decade. 
Implementing fuel saving initiatives  
Wizz Air is currently implementing over 30 fuel saving initiatives to make sure that it minimises 
its fuel consumption. Since 2012 it has implemented numerous projects and initiatives, including 
the optimisation of economic flying speed and descent and the use of zonal drying, which together 
result in a reduction of almost 100,000 tons of CO2 emissions per year, or over 3 per cent. per 
aircraft per year.  
A major initiative is the use of sharklets, a type of blended winglet device, which improve the 
efficiency of an aircraft and reduce interference drag at the wing. On average, sharklets can reduce 
the fuel burn by up to 4 per cent. when compared to wingtip fences, which can correspond to an 
annual saving of 900 tonnes of CO2 per aircraft according to Airbus. At the end of the financial 
year ended 2021, 77 per cent. of Wizz Air’s fleet was equipped with sharklets. As it phases out 
older aircraft and as all its new Airbus A321ceo and A320neo-family aircraft will be delivered 
with sharklets, 100 per cent. of its fleet will be equipped with sharklets by 2024. Furthermore, as 
the saving potential of sharklets is higher on longer routes, Wizz Air always deploys aircraft 
equipped with sharklets on longer flights. 
An additional way of reducing each customer’s environmental footprint is to ensure that, while 
connecting destinations in a point-to-point network, its aircraft fly with as many passengers on 
board as possible. This is referred to as the "load factor" and Wizz Air has seen its load factor 
continuously improving over the past few years. The average load factor of Wizz Air in the 
financial year ended 2021 was 64.0 per cent., down from 93.6 per cent. in 2020 due to the impacts 
of COVID-19.  
As a result of the numerous fuel-saving initiatives and constant modernisation of its technology, 
Wizz Air is proud to have the lowest emissions rating in the European airline industry. In the 
financial year ended 2021, carbon emissions were 77.3 grams per passenger/kilometre, compared 
to 57.2 grams in the prior financial year. 
CO2/RPK 
Wizz Air 
Ryanair 
easyJet 
AF-KLM 
IAG 
LH 
SAS 
Pre-C19 results ............................... 
57.2 
66.0 
70.8 
79.0 
89.8 
92.2 
95.0 
 
Limiting paper use 
The Wizz Air Electronic Flight Bag ("EFB") project aims to minimise the number of paper-based 
documents and increase efficiency in the cockpits of its aircraft. Before Wizz Air started using 
EFB, every flight deck of every aircraft in its fleet contained over 25,000 pages of documentation, 
of which several pages needed to be updated on a regular basis. During May 2021, Wizz Air

--- Page 142 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 135 - 
70-41042609 
 
launched a replacement of existing touchpad tables with new EFBs, a technical solution that 
replaces all printed onboard manuals and materials with touchscreen tablet computers 
manufactured by Apple or "iPads". The new system brings increased efficiency to all aspects of 
flight planning. It builds on the airline’s broader sustainability commitments by significantly 
reducing paper use and fuel consumption.  
The iPads are equipped with the relevant documents, charting and performance applications needed 
to prepare for a flight. The system offers real-time information and revisions to mission briefings 
throughout the journey.   
The switch to using the new EFB also positively impacts Wizz Air’s broader commitment to 
reducing its environmental footprint, in line with its aim to cut carbon emissions further. Not only 
does the new system save around six million sheets of paper a year, equivalent to saving over six 
hundred trees, but it will also reduce fuel consumption through more accurate flight planning and 
weight savings.  
The availability of recalculated flight plans before each flight and in-flight optimisation should 
save over 4,500 tons of fuel per year, reducing greenhouse gas emissions by over 14,000 tons. 
A greener work environment 
The Company has introduced various measures aiming at providing employees with a more 
sustainable office environment such as carpooling, replacement of mineral water supplies with tap 
water purifiers, removal of single-use plastic glasses, waste selection and promotion of an active 
lifestyle through specific health and safety initiatives.  
The Company has also introduced measures on-board its aircraft such as substitution of single-use 
plastic fork and straws with wooden items, and management is working with its on-board sales 
partner to identify further measures such as environmentally friendly sandwich wrappings, food 
waste minimisation and on-board waste separation. 
10. 
DIRECTORS AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The following sets forth certain information concerning the directors and senior managers as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Directors  
William A. Franke 
(Chairman) 
 
József Váradi 
(Chief Executive Officer)  
 
Andrew S. Broderick 
(Non-Executive Director)  
 
Barry Eccleston 
(Non-Executive Director and Senior 
Independent Director) 
 
Charlotte Pedersen 
(Non-Executive Director)  
 
Stephen L. Johnson 
(Non-Executive Director and Deputy 
Chair)  
 
Charlotte Andsager 
(Non-Executive Director) 
 
Enrique Dupuy de Lome Chavarri 
(Non-Executive Director) 
 
Dr. Anthony Radev 
(Non-Executive Director) 
 
Anna Gatti 
(Non-Executive Director) 
Senior 
Managers 
Robert Etienne Carey 
(President) 
 
Michael James Delehant 
(Executive Vice President and Group 
Chief Operations Officer) 
 
 
Ian Malin* 
Florina Alexandra Avadanei 
(Executive Vice President and Group 
Chief Financial Officer) 
(Revenue Officer)

--- Page 143 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 136 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
Johan Eidhagen  
(Chief People and ESG Officer) 
 
Owain Jones  
(Development Officer)  
 
Joel Goldberg  
(Chief Digital Officer) 
 
Heiko Holm  
(Officer Wizz Air Central Operations)  
 
Zsuzsanna Poós 
(Chief Customer and Marketing Officer) 
 
Roland Tischner 
(Officer Wizz Air Hungary Operations) 
 
Marion Geoffroy 
(Managing Director, Wizz Air UK) 
 
Michael Berlouis  
Diarmuid Ó Conghaile   
(Managing Director, Wizz Air Abu Dhabi) 
(Managing Director, Wizz Air Malta) 
Company 
Secretary 
Intertrust Corporate Services (Jersey) Limited, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, JE4 
9WG, Jersey 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons listed above to the Guarantor 
and their private interests or other duties. 
The business address of each of the Directors is the registered office of the Company. 
Those individuals listed under "Directors" in the table above make up the board of Directors (the 
"Board").   
The Board has decided to create the new role of Deputy Chair. The Deputy Chair will deputise for 
the Chairman if the Chairman is not present at a Board meeting. Stephen Johnson has been 
appointed to the role due to his industry experience, as well as his long association with the 
Company. 
Changes in senior management positions effective 1 February 2023 
On 7 December 2022, the Company announced changes in senior managers that will take effect on 
1 February 2023. 
Owain Jones, Development Officer, will be appointed Executive Vice President and Group Chief 
Corporate Affairs Officer. 
Johan Eidhagen, People and ESG Officer, will be appointed Officer and Managing Director of 
Wizz Air Abu Dhabi LLC.  
Veronika Jung, current head of HR, will be appointed People Officer. 
Yvonne Moynihan will be appointed Corporate and ESG Officer. 
Michael Berlouis will step down from his role as Managing Director of Wizz Air Abu Dhabi LLC. 
Directors service contracts and letter of appointment 
Other than as set out below, there are no existing or proposed service contracts or letters of 
appointment between any Director and any member of the Group except for the contracts and 
letters of appointment (as from time to time amended) details of which were included in the 2020 
Annual Report and Accounts and a summary of which is provided below. 
Executive Director 
The Chief Executive Officer entered into a new service agreement with Wizz Air UK Limited on 
25 August 2022, with a principal place of work being London, UK.  The Company has the right to 
terminate Mr. Váradi's employment with immediate effect by payment in lieu of notice. The service 
agreement contained post-termination restrictive covenants preventing Mr. Váradi from competing 
with the Company or any of its business partners in the EU as well as those non-EU countries 
where the Group operates, for a period of one year following the termination of his employment. 
Mr. Váradi will be paid a sum equal to six months' base salary if the Company chooses to enforce

--- Page 144 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 137 - 
70-41042609 
 
these restrictive covenants. Upon termination of employment other than for cause, Mr. Váradi is 
entitled to a severance payment equal to six months' salary in addition to any notice pay or payment 
in lieu of notice.  
Non-Executive Directors 
The Company entered into letters of appointment with each of its Non-Executive Directors on 4 
June 2014 (other than Mr. Barry Eccleston, Mr. Andrew Broderick, Ms. Charlotte Pedersen, Ms. 
Charlotte Andsager, Mr. Enrique Dupuy de Lome Chavarri, Dr. Anthony Radev and Ms. Anna 
Gatti) which became effective for a term of three years when the Company completed an initial 
public offering of its shares on the London Stock Exchange on 2 March 2015. This term was 
extended for a further three years, effective from 2 March 2018. Mr. Barry Eccleston, Mr. Andrew 
Broderick, Ms. Charlotte Pedersen, Ms. Charlotte Andsager, Mr. Enrique Dupuy de Lome 
Chavarri, Dr. Anthony Radev and Ms. Anna Gatti were respectively appointed on 1 June 2018, 16 
April 2019, 2 June 2020, 4 November 2020, 4 November 2020, 13 April 2021 and 4 November 
2021. Each Non-Executive Director's appointment may be terminated by the Company or the Non-
Executive Director with one month's written notice. Continuation of the appointment is contingent 
on continued satisfactory performance and re-election at the Company's annual general meetings 
and the appointment will terminate automatically on the termination of the appointment by the 
Shareholders or, where Shareholder approval is required for the appointment to continue, the 
withholding of approval by the Shareholders. Re-appointment will be reviewed annually. The Non-
Executive Directors are paid only Directors’ fees, details of which are set out below: 
Names 
Date of first appointment 
Non-Executive Directors 
 
William A. Franke ............................................... 
7 October 2009 
Simon Duffy ......................................................... 
1 January 2014 
Andrew S. Broderick ........................................... 
16 April 2019 
Barry Eccleston .................................................... 
1 June 2018 
Charlotte Pedersen ............................................... 
3 June 2020 
Stephen L. Johnson .............................................. 
5 August 2011 
Charlotte Andsager .............................................. 
4 November 2020 
Enrique Dupuy de Lome Chavarri ...................... 
4 November 2020 
Dr. Anthony Radev .............................................. 
13 April 2021 
Anna Gatti ............................................................ 
4 November 2021 
 
 
In accordance with the terms of the letters of appointment described above, each of the Non-
Executive Directors is required to allocate sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities 
effectively. Each letter of appointment contains obligations of confidentiality which have effect 
during the appointment and after termination thereof. 
Change in Group Chief Financial Officer position 
Jourik Hooghe, Group Chief Financial Officer of Wizz Air, has decided to step down to pursue 
opportunities outside of the Company. Mr. Hooghe continues to be available during the transition 
period until 31 December 2022. 
Ian Malin joined Wizz Air on 1 October 2022 to take on the Group Chief Financial Officer position, 
based in Budapest and reporting to the Chief Executive Officer. 
Breach of PDMR share dealing policy by Wizz Air’s former Chief Supply Chain Officer 
On 28 October 2021, the Company announced transactions in its £0.0001 ordinary shares by former 
Chief Supply Chain Officer András Sebők, as a person discharging managerial responsibility 
("PDMR").  
The Company was unaware of these transactions at the time that they occurred as Mr. Sebők did 
not make any notification to the Company in accordance with applicable regulatory obligations 
and the Company's policies. The Company was subsequently made aware of the transactions in the 
context of a Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") enquiry concerning trading by Mr. Sebők. 
The Company maintains robust systems and controls in relation to employee share dealings, 
including a clear PDMR share dealing policy, which was breached in this case. Employment of

--- Page 145 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 138 - 
70-41042609 
 
Mr. Sebők has been terminated with immediate effect and the Company will continue to cooperate 
with the FCA in relation to any further enquiry or investigation. 
11. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Compliance with applicable corporate governance rules and regulations  
The Directors support high standards of corporate governance and it is the policy of the Company 
to comply with current best practice in UK corporate governance to the extent appropriate for a 
company of its size. The Company welcomed the publication by the Financial Reporting Council 
("FRC") of its new UK Corporate Governance Code in July 2018 (the "Corporate Governance 
Code") and its focus on the themes of corporate and board culture, stakeholder engagement and 
sustainability, which are critical factors for the Company as it partners with its stakeholders to 
build an enduring business. 
The Corporate Governance Code is available for review on the FRC's website: www.frc.org.uk.  
The Board complied with the requirements of the Corporate Governance Code during the financial 
year, save for, William A. Franke, the Chairman, does not meet the independence criteria set out 
in the Corporate Governance Code (provision 10), given that he is the managing partner of Indigo 
Partners LLC, a private equity fund focused on air transportation. However, given the benefits to 
the Company of his recognised experience in the airline industry, the Board believes that Mr Franke 
should continue as Chairman. 
The Board acknowledged at the time of appointing Barry Eccleston as Remuneration Committee 
Chair that it did not comply with the requirements of the Code in this respect, as Mr Eccleston had 
no previous experience on a remuneration committee. The Board saw Mr Eccleston as a 
professional with the experience and expertise to effectively manage the Committee. Mr Eccleston 
had also been serving as an independent Non-Executive Director overseeing engagement with 
employees and has ensured that the workforce voice has reached the boardroom. Having reviewed 
his appointment, the Board confirms that Barry Eccleston has since displayed the skills, experience 
and time commitment required for the role and has the full support of the Board. 
The Company has adopted a Share Dealing Policy. As a consequence, the Directors as well as 
certain designated employees must obtain clearance from the Company’s Chairman before dealing 
in the Company’s shares and are prohibited from dealing at all during certain periods. The Share 
Dealing Policy was updated to reflect the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation which 
came into effect on 3 July 2016.  
The Company has implemented internal procedures and measures designed to ensure compliance 
by it and other members of the Group with the UK Bribery Act 2010 (as amended).  
Board structure  
The Corporate Governance Code recommends that at least half the members (excluding the 
chairman) of the board of directors of a company with a premium listing should be non-executive 
directors, independent in character and judgment and free from relationships or circumstances 
which are likely to affect, or could appear to affect, their judgment.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Board consists of one Executive Director and ten Non-
Executive Directors. The Company regards this as an appropriate board structure. Other than 
William A. Franke, Andrew Broderick and Stephen L. Johnson, the Company regards all of its 
Non-Executive Directors as independent Non-Executive Directors within the meaning of 
"independent" as defined in the Corporate Governance Code and free from any business or other 
relationship which could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgment.  
Board committees  
The Directors have established an Audit and Risk Committee, a Remuneration Committee, a 
Nomination and Governance Committee, a Sustainability and Culture Committee and a Safety, 
Security and Operational Compliance Committee. The members of these committees are appointed 
principally from among the independent directors and all appointments to these committees shall

--- Page 146 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 139 - 
70-41042609 
 
be for a period of one year. The terms of reference of the committees have been drawn up in 
accordance with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code. A summary of the terms of 
reference of the committees is set out below. Each committee and each Director has the authority 
to seek independent professional advice where necessary to discharge their respective duties, in 
each case at the Company’s expense.  
Audit and Risk Committee  
The Audit and Sustainability Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities with 
regard to: (a) financial reporting; (b) narrative reporting, including reviewing the content of annual 
reports, accounts and advising the Board on whether, taken as a whole, reports are fair, balanced 
and understandable and providing the information necessary for shareholders to assess the 
company’s performance, business model and strategy; (c) internal controls and risk management 
systems; (d) whistleblowing and fraud; (e) internal audit; (f) external audit and (g) cyber security. 
Where the Audit Committee is not satisfied with any aspect of the proposed financial reporting by 
the Company, it shall report its views to the Board, however, the ultimate responsibility for 
reviewing and approving the annual report and accounts and the half yearly reports remains with 
the Board.  
The Corporate Governance Code recommends that the Audit and Risk Committee should comprise 
at least three members, who should all be independent non-executive directors, and that at least 
one member should have recent and relevant financial experience. The Company’s Audit and Risk 
Committee comprises three members, namely Enrique Dupuy de Lome Chavarri (C), Charlotte 
Pedersen and Anna Gatti all of whom are independent Non-Executive Directors. Mr Dupuy de 
Lome is considered by the Board to have recent and relevant financial experience and is chairman 
of the Audit and Risk Committee. No members of the Audit and Risk Committee have links with 
the Company’s external auditors. The Company therefore considers that it complies with the 
Corporate Governance Code recommendation regarding the composition of the Audit and Risk 
Committee.  
The Audit and Risk Committee will formally meet at least three times per year and otherwise as 
required. Chairman of the Board, Group Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief 
Digital Officer, other directors, Company’s risk, compliance and internal audit functions and 
representatives from the Company’s finance function may be invited to attend all or part of any 
meeting as and when appropriate and necessary. The Company’s external auditor will be invited 
to attend meetings of the Audit and Sustainability Committee on a regular basis.  
Remuneration Committee  
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the remuneration policy for all executive 
directors and the Chairman, including pension rights and any compensation payments, and 
recommending and monitoring the remuneration of the Senior Managers. Non-Executive 
Directors’ fees will be determined by the full Board.  
The objective of the Company’s remuneration policy is to attract, retain and motivate executive 
management of the quality required to run the Company successfully without paying more than is 
necessary, having regard to the views of Shareholders and other stakeholders.  
The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for making recommendations for the grants of 
awards under the Company’s share option schemes. In accordance with the Remuneration 
Committee’s terms of reference, no Director may participate in discussions relating to their own 
terms and conditions of remuneration.  
The Corporate Governance Code provides that the Remuneration Committee should comprise at 
least three members, all of whom should be independent non-executive directors. The membership 
of the Company's Remuneration Committee comprises three members, namely Barry Eccleston, 
Anna Gatti and Anthony Radev, all of whom are independent Non-Executive Directors. The 
chairman of the Remuneration Committee is Barry Eccleston. The Company therefore considers 
that it complies with the Corporate Governance Code recommendations regarding the composition 
of the Remuneration Committee.

--- Page 147 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 140 - 
70-41042609 
 
The Remuneration Committee meets formally at least twice each year and otherwise as required.  
Nomination and Governance Committee  
The Nomination and Governance Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities 
relating to the composition of the Board. It is further responsible for evaluating the balance of 
skills, knowledge and experience on the Board, the size, structure and composition of the Board, 
retirements and appointments of additional and replacement directors and will make appropriate 
recommendations to the Board on such matters.  
The Corporate Governance Code provides that a majority of the members of the Nomination and 
Governance Committee should be independent non-executive directors. The Company’s 
Nomination and Governance Committee is comprised of three members, namely William A. 
Franke, Barry Eccleston and Charlotte Andsager. The chairman of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee is Mr Franke. The Company therefore considers that it complies with the Corporate 
Governance Code’s recommendations regarding the composition of the Nomination and 
Governance Committee.  
The Nomination and Governance Committee meets formally at least twice a year and otherwise as 
required.  
Sustainability and Culture Committee 
The Sustainability and Culture Committee assists the Board in reviewing the Company’s policies 
and practices on sustainable development. It ensures that the Company promotes long-term value 
creation and thus takes environmental issues into account in defining the Company’s strategy by 
submitting recommendations to the Board. 
The Sustainability and Culture Committee shall in particular: (a) review the Group’s sustainability 
strategy and its implementation; (b) examine the extra-financial risks and specifically those relating 
to environmental, social and societal issues; and (c) coordinate non-financial and diversity 
reporting processes in accordance with applicable legislation and international benchmarks. 
The Sustainability and Culture Committee assists the Board in reviewing the Company’s policies 
and practices on "culture". It ensures that the Company promotes diversity in all areas and enables 
an effective two-way communication between the management and employees, thus taking social 
issues into account in defining the Company’s strategy by submitting recommendations to the 
Board. The Sustainability and Culture Committee shall in particular: (a) review the Group’s 
diversity strategy and targets and their implementation and (b) review the Group’s employee 
relations, in particular the effectiveness of the People Council. 
Safety, Security and Operational Compliance Committee 
The Safety, Security and Operational Compliance Committee assists the Board with its oversight 
of the Group’s policies, practices, objectives and performance on safety, security and operational 
compliance. 
The Committee shall in particular: 
(a) 
oversee the Group’s safety, security and compliance management policies, objectives and 
their implementation to ensure the protection of the Group’s status as one of the world’s 
safest airlines; 
(b) 
review and recommend to the Board for approval major corporate strategy, policy or 
statement related to safety and security; 
(c) 
examine major risks relating to safety, security and compliance management and 
emergency response; 
(d) 
review the Group’s compliance with all relevant statutory and regulatory obligations and 
its adoption of policies, standards and processes in accordance with best practices of the 
airline industry, and review actions for any significant non-compliance;

--- Page 148 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 141 - 
70-41042609 
 
(e) 
receive regular reports on safety performance and monitor the safety, security and 
compliance performance indicators and formulate recommendations to the Board should 
significant deviations or non-compliances occur; 
(f) 
receive reports from the Group Chief Operations Officer on performance, audit findings, 
major incidents, remedial actions and regulators’ recommendations or instructions; and 
(g) 
review industry trends and risks, including potential liabilities and changes in legislation 
and regulation, technological changes, and where appropriate, mitigation and remedial 
actions. 
Members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board, on the recommendation of the 
Nomination Committee in consultation with the Committee Chair. The Board shall appoint the 
Committee Chair who shall be an independent non-executive director. Committee members should 
preferably have knowledge and experience of Aviation Operations and/or Safety Management. 
Members of the committee comprise three members, namely: Charlotte Pedersen who is Chair of 
the committee, Andrew Broderick and Barry Eccleston. 
The Committee shall meet at least three times a year and otherwise as required. 
Appointments to the Committee shall be for a period of up to three years, which may be extended 
for further periods. 
Management Committees 
Safety Review Board  
The Safety and Compliance Review Board considers safety and compliance performance, results 
of investigations, inspections, audits and other indicators. It also monitors the overall effectiveness 
of the management organisation in achieving stated objections and seeks to identify and correct 
trends, and prevent, where possible, future non-conformities. The Safety and Compliance Review 
Board is comprised of approximately 30 members. The chairman of Wizz Air Hungary Safety 
Review Board is Chief Operations Officer and Accountable Manager, the chairman of Wizz Air 
UK Safety Review Board is Managing Director and Accountable Manager the chairman of Wizz 
Air Abu Dhabi Safety Review Board is Managing Director and Accountable Manager. Board 
members meet formally at least four times a year and otherwise as required. 
Emergency Response Team  
The Emergency Response organisation comprises a pre-identified and trained group of senior 
managers who manage all aspects of the response to an incident. The Emergency Response is 
comprised of Senior Executive Group, Wizz Air Group Crisis Management Center and AOC 
(airline) Crisis Management Centres of Wizz Air Hungary, Wizz Air UK and Wizz Air Abu Dhabi, 
in total approximately 80 members. The leader of the Team is Executive Vice President - Group 
Chief Operations Officer. The Team conducts minimum two emergency exercises a year and 
otherwise convenes as required.  
12. 
DIRECTORS’ CONFIRMATIONS 
Confirmations  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the Directors or Senior Managers has at any time 
within the last five years:  
(a) 
had any convictions in relation to fraudulent offences;  
(b) 
been declared bankrupt or been the subject of any individual voluntary arrangement, or 
been associated with any bankruptcy, receivership or liquidation in their capacity as 
Director or Senior Manager;  
(c) 
been the subject of any official public incrimination and/or sanctions by statutory or 
regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies);

--- Page 149 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 142 - 
70-41042609 
 
(d) 
been disqualified by a court from acting as a director or member of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of any company or from acting in the management or 
conduct of the affairs of any company;  
(e) 
been a partner or senior manager in a partnership which, while he was a partner or within 
twelve months of their ceasing to be a partner, was put into compulsory liquidation or 
administration or which entered into any partnership voluntary arrangement;  
(f) 
owned any assets which have been subject to a receivership or been a partner in a 
partnership subject to a receivership where he was a partner at a time or within the twelve 
months preceding such event; or  
(g) 
been an executive director or senior manager of a company which has been placed in 
receivership, compulsory liquidation, creditors’ voluntary liquidation or administration or 
which entered into any company voluntary arrangement or any composition or 
arrangement with its creditors generally or any class of creditors, at any time during which 
he was an executive director or senior manager of that company or within twelve months 
after their ceasing to be an executive director or senior manager.

--- Page 150 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 143 - 
70-41042609 
 
Major interests in shares 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are 103,262,054 voting shares outstanding in the 
Company. So far as is known to the Company, the names of any persons other than a Director who, 
directly or indirectly, holds 3 per cent. or more of the Company's voting rights and has been notified 
under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules as at November 2022 and are as follows: 
 
Number of 
Ordinary 
Shares as 
Percentage 
of Notified 
to current 
Issued the 
Company 
Share Capital 
Indigo Hungary LP  ......................................................................  
18.4% 
18,950,611 
Baillie Gifford & Co. ....................................................................  
8.8% 
9,081,036 
Capital International Investors  .....................................................  
7.9% 
8,139,600 
Fidelity Management and Research Company LLC  ......................  
6.3% 
6,503,462 
Fidelity International  ...................................................................  
5.6% 
5,734,284 
Indigo Maple Hill LP  ...................................................................  
5.4% 
5,561,207 
Capital Research Global Investors ................................................  
3.7% 
3,795,058 
Orbis Investment Management Ltd.  .............................................  
3.3% 
3,440,126 
 
The Company's major Shareholders do not have voting rights attached to the ordinary shares they 
hold that are different to those held by the other Shareholders. 
As at date of this Base Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any person who directly or 
indirectly has an interest in the Company's issued ordinary share capital which is notifiable under 
the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules by virtue of exceeding the relevant thresholds of 
total voting rights attaching thereto.

--- Page 151 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 144 - 
70-41042609 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The following table shows key performance indicators for the six months ended 30 September 2022 and 
2021.  
 
Six months to 30 September 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
 
 
 
Passengers carried (million) ...................................................................... 
26.5 
12.5 
112.0% 
Revenue (€ million) ................................................................................... 
2,193.8 
880.4 
149.2% 
EBITDA (€ million) .................................................................................. 
217.8 
164.3 
32.5% 
EBITDA margin (%) ................................................................................. 
9.9 
18.7 
(8.8ppt) 
Operating loss for the period (€ million) .................................................. 
(63.8) 
(51.9) 
22.9% 
Reported loss for the period (€ million) ................................................... 
(384.3) 
(120.9) 
217.9% 
RASK (€ cent)............................................................................................ 
4.48 
3.38 
32.4% 
Ex-fuel CASK (€ cent) .............................................................................. 
2.62 
2.75 
(4.7%) 
Total cash (€ million)* .............................................................................. 
1,629.9 
1,378.8 
18.2% 
Load factor (%) .......................................................................................... 
86.9 
75.3 
11.5ppt 
Period-end fleet size .................................................................................. 
168 
144 
16.7% 
Period-end seat count ................................................................................ 
30,485 
16,588 
83.8% 
 
 _______________  
* 
Total cash comprises cash and cash equivalents, short-term cash deposits, and current and non-current restricted cash. 
Business developments 
Wizz Air delivered strong operational results in the three months ended 30 September 2022 ("Q2 F23"), 
after a difficult three months ended 30 June 2022 ("Q1 F23"). Revenue in the six months ended 30 
September 2022 ("H1 F23") was materially higher than it was in the six months ended 30 September 2021 
("H1 F22"), and up 31 per cent. compared with the same period pre-COVID-19 (i.e. the six months ended 
30 September 2019 ("H1 F20")). For Q2 F23, revenue was 41 per cent. higher than the same period pre-
COVID-19 (i.e. the three months ended 30 September 2019 ("Q1 F20")). RASK improved from minus 10 
per cent. in Q1 F23 compared against the three months ended 30 June 2019, to plus 11 per cent. in Q2 F23 
compared against Q1 F20 (in each case, comparisons are made to the pre-COVID-19 quarters).  This was 
driven by load factors recovering and improved yields, no longer held back by COVID-19. Wizz Air’s 
focus continues to be the combined approach of delivering growth while pricing for cost inflation. 
EBITDA for Q2 F23 turned strongly positive to €374 million, bringing the total EBITDA in H1 F23 to 
€218 million (up 32.5 per cent. compared to H1 F22), despite continued supply chain disruptions and high 
commodity prices. 
This performance confirms that Wizz Air's network investments and sustained capacity growth drive strong 
top-line growth. 
Wizz Air's liquidity position, however, remained unaffected by foreign exchange moves and further 
increased from June as the Group closed the period with €1,630 million in total cash. 
Much has been done within the aviation industry to address the significant issues that were a feature early 
in the 2022 calendar year. As a result, the Group's operational performance in terms of flight cancellations 
and disruptions have normalised. This is important as it helps Wizz Air to return to the customer service 
excellence the brand is built on and proud of whilst having a consequential positive impact on the financial 
performance of the Group. Wizz Air set a new Group record by operating 859 flights in a single day on 5 
September 2022 and reported record traffic in the period June to August 2022, carrying a total of 12.9 
million passengers.   
During Q2 F23 Wizz Air also exercised existing purchase rights for 75 A321neo aircraft, locking in highly 
competitive aircraft prices negotiated prior to the current inflationary environment. Wizz Air benefits from 
having fixed interest rate structures financing 94 per cent. of its existing fleet. Wizz Air has agreed the 
financing terms for 31 aircraft since the summer. The Wizz Air aircraft finance tender process continues to 
be oversubscribed, with a 15 per cent. increase in financing participants compared to last year. Wizz Air 
has also added EUR-denominated lease contracts with 61 per cent. of new contracts now EUR-financed. 
As a consequence, Wizz Air’s fleet programme continues to provide it with significant and structurally 
embedded competitive advantages both in terms of operating and fuel efficiency, as well as financing costs.

--- Page 152 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 145 - 
70-41042609 
 
During Q2 F23, Wizz Air has taken expansion initiatives in key markets with an aim to further driving the 
Group's CEE market share. Following the signing of a memorandum of understanding with the Ministry of 
Investment in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Wizz Air has started operating the first of 20 new routes to 
Riyadh, Jeddah and Dammam. Also, with the most recent expansion across Italy, Wizz Air was the third 
largest airline in Italy in terms of capacity offered on sale at the end of October 2022. 
Revenue and cost highlights 
Total revenue amounted to €2,193.8 million during H1 F23 (an increase of 149.2 per cent. compared to H1 
F22) comprising: 
• 
Passenger ticket revenues of €1,182.1 million (an increase 185.7 per cent. compared to H1 F22); 
and  
• 
Ancillary revenues of €1,011.7 million (an increase of 116.8 per cent. compared to H1 F22).  
Which represents: 
• 
Total unit revenue of 4.48 euro cents per ASK (an increase of 32.4 per cent. compared to H1 F22); 
• 
Ticket revenue per passenger of €44.6 (an increase of 34.7 per cent. compared to H1 F22, and an 
increase of 3.1 per cent. compared to H1 F20); and  
• 
Ancillary revenue per passenger of €38.2 (an increase of 2.3 per cent. compared to H1 F22, and an 
increase of 18.3 per cent. compared to H1 F20). 
Total operating costs amounted to €2,257.6 million during H1 F23 (an increase of 142.2 per cent. compared 
to H1 F22), which represents: 
• 
CASK (including net financing expense) of 4.73 euro cents (an increase of 26.5 per cent. compared 
to H1 F22);  
• 
Ex-fuel CASK of 2.62 euro cents (a decrease of 4.7 per cent. compared to H1 F22); and  
• 
Fuel unit costs of 2.11 euro cents per ASK (an increase of 113.6 per cent. compared to H1 F22). 
Total cash amounted to €1,629.9 million as at 30 September 2022 (an increase of 18.2 per cent. from 
€1,378.8 million as at 30 September 2021). 
The unrealised non-cash FX charge in H1 F23 amounted to €285.2 million (compared with €16.5 million 
during H1 F22). This is due to the continuously strengthening USD against the EUR, which drove a 
revaluation of USD liabilities on the balance sheet. 
Credit rating 
On 24 November 2022, Moody’s revised the long-term issuer rating of Wizz Air from Baa3 to Ba1, with 
stable outlook. Concurrently, Wizz Air Finance Company B.V.’s backed senior unsecured and backed 
senior unsecured medium term note ratings have been changed from Baa3 to Ba1 and from Baa3 to Ba1 
respectively, with stable outlook.

--- Page 153 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 146 - 
70-41042609 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The Guarantor considers that the metrics referenced below under "Glossary of technical terms" in or in 
connection with this Base Prospectus constitute Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs") as defined 
in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures.  
Glossary of technical terms 
"Available seat kilometres (ASK)" refers to the number of seats available for scheduled passengers 
multiplied by the number of kilometres those seats were flown.  
"Block hours" each hour from the moment an aircraft’s brakes are released at the departure airport’s parking 
place for the purpose of starting a flight until the moment the aircraft’s brakes are applied at the arrival 
airport’s parking place. 
"Cash and cash equivalents" comprise bank balances on current accounts and on deposit accounts that are 
readily convertible into cash without there being significant risk of a change in value to the Group. Cash 
and cash equivalents do not include restricted cash. 
"CASK" refers to Cost per ASK, where cost is defined as operating expenses and financial expenses net of 
financial income. 
"Cost" applied in the CASK measures until the financial year ended 2019 was based only on operating 
expenses. Financial income and expenses are now incorporated into the definition of cost because, 
following the adoption of IFRS 16, this results in a more appropriate measure of cost development for the 
Group. The CASK measures for the prior period shown in this Base Prospectus have been restated to the 
current definition. 
"Ex-fuel CASK" means cost per ASK, where "cost" is defined as operating expenses and financial expenses 
net of fuel expenses and financial income. 
"Flight hour" means each hour from the moment the aircraft takes off from the runway for the purposes of 
flight until the moment the aircraft lands at the runway of the arrival airport. 
"Load factor" means the number of seats sold divided by the number of seats available. 
"RASK" means total revenue divided by ASK. 
"Short term cash deposits" comprise deposits maturing within three to twelve months of inception. 
"Total Cash" comprises cash and cash equivalents, short term cash deposits and restricted cash. 
"Utilisation" means the total block hours for a period divided by the total number of aircrafts in the fleet 
during the period and the number of days in the relevant period. 
"EBITDA Margin" means profit (or loss) before net financing costs (or gain), income tax expense (or 
credit), depreciation and amortisation divided by total revenue.

--- Page 154 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 147 - 
70-41042609 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Dutch Taxation  
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to 
be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
hold or dispose of a Note, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on income and capital gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on income and capital gains" below it is assumed that a Holder, 
being an individual or a non-resident entity, neither has nor will have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk 
belang), or - in the case of a Holder being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that 
no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the Holder has or will have a substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either 
alone or together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain 
relatives of such individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) 
the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. 
or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding 
capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the 
liquidation proceeds of such company. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (I) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the 
issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (II) the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the 
annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an entity has a deemed substantial 
interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a 
substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
Where this summary refers to a Noteholder, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding a Note, such 
reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest in 
such Note or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for 
purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such 
as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor 
or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons and Talons.

--- Page 155 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 148 - 
70-41042609 
 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding 
and disposing of a Note. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without withholding or 
deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on 
certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) 
is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled 
to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, 
or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such 
jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is 
not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the 
jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse 
hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on 
one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, all within 
the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Note which is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8 per cent. in 2022). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Note who is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from 
a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50 per cent. in 2022) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat 
uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), 
including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on the 
basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from a Note. For 2022, 
the deemed return ranges from 1.82 per cent. to 5.53 per cent. of the value of the individual's net assets as 
at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including any Note). The applicable percentages will be updated 
annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to application of certain allowances, the deemed 
return will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (31 per cent. in 2022). 
Based on a decision of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 24 December 2021 
(ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963), the current system of taxation based on a deemed return may under specific 
circumstances contravene with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights 
in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights.  In reaction to this case law, 
the Dutch State Secretary for Finance announced in the Decree dated 28 June 2022, no. 2022-176296 
(Besluit rechtsherstel box 3) that for the year 2022 separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts 
and investments will be applicable if the newly calculated deemed return based on the Decree is lower than 
the deemed return based on current law, which may result in a lower taxable income, and thus a lower 
amount of income tax due, than under current law.

--- Page 156 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 149 - 
70-41042609 
 
Non-residents 
A Noteholder which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes 
will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or 
a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands and the holder 
derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a Noteholder, unless: 
(i) 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value added tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in consideration 
for the issue or acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a Note, or payments in 
consideration for a disposal of a Note. 
Other taxes and duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in the Netherlands 
by a Noteholder in respect of or in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposal of a Note, the 
execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts 
of the Netherlands) of a Note or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under a Note. 
Residence 
A Noteholder will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, by reason 
only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of a Note. 
Jersey Taxation 
Certain taxation aspects 
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of the Guarantor and Noteholders (other than residents 
of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law and practice as they are understood to apply at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to changes in such taxation law and practice. It does not constitute legal or 
tax advice and does not address all aspects of Jersey tax law and practice (including such tax law and 
practice as they apply to any land or building situated in Jersey). Accordingly, prospective investors in the 
Notes should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, selling or 
otherwise disposing of the Notes under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Taxation of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor is not regarded as resident for tax purposes in Jersey. Therefore, the Guarantor will not be 
liable to Jersey income tax other than on Jersey source income (except where such income is exempted

--- Page 157 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 150 - 
70-41042609 
 
from income tax pursuant to the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended) and payments in respect of 
the Notes may be paid by the Guarantor without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey 
income tax. However, if the Guarantor cease to be exclusively resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction 
outside Jersey where the income tax ratio is 10 per cent. or more, they will be regarded as resident for tax 
purposes in Jersey and on the basis that the Guarantor is neither a financial services company nor a utility 
company for the purposes of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended, the Guarantor would become 
subject to income tax in Jersey at a rate of zero per cent. Noteholders (other than residents of Jersey) will 
not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of such Notes. 
Goods and Services Tax 
Pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 2007 (the "2007 Law"), Jersey goods and services 
tax is payable on the supply of applicable goods and services at the rate of 5 per cent. For so long as the 
Guarantor is an 'international services entity' under the 2007 Law, having satisfied the requirements of the 
Goods and Services Tax (International Service Entities) (Jersey) Regulations 2007, as amended, a supply 
of goods or of a service made by the Guarantor shall not be a taxable supply for the purposes of the 2007 
Law. 
Information reporting  
Information relating to the shares, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be provided to 
tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and transparency 
regimes. This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of shares, amounts paid 
or credited with respect to shares, details of the holders or beneficial owners of shares and information and 
documents in connection with transactions relating to shares. In certain circumstances, the information 
obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities in other countries. 
OECD consultations on changes in tax law 
The States of Jersey enacted the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) Country-by-
Country Reporting: BEPS) (Jersey) Regulations 2016 (the "Regulations"). The Regulations apply from 1 
January 2016 and place an obligation for certain multinational enterprises with the ultimate parent entity 
resident in Jersey to report annually to the Comptroller of Revenue details of revenue, profit, taxes and 
other measures of economic activity for each tax jurisdiction in which they carry out business. The 
Regulations also mandate certain Jersey entities to file local Country-by-Country reports in addition to 
imposing a notification obligation on Jersey constituent entities. 
In order to trigger the reporting obligations, the group of which a Jersey entity is a member must have a 
consolidated group revenue of at least €750 million. The Directors expect that the Company will generate 
consolidated group revenue of €750 million threshold, and therefore will be required to report. 
Economic Substance  
The Taxation (Companies – Economic Substance) (Jersey) Law 2019 (the "Substance Law") came into 
force on 1 January 2019. The Substance Law addresses the commitment made by Jersey to the EU Code of 
Conduct Group (Business Taxation) to introduce economic substance requirements for undertaking 
business in Jersey.  On 12 March 2019, the EU Council placed Jersey on the "White List" recognising it as 
being cooperative and having fulfilled its commitments given in 2017. 
The Substance Law requires that a Jersey tax resident company conducting relevant activities from which 
it receives gross income must satisfy the economic substance tests set out in that law. The relevant activities 
within the scope of the Substance Law include acting as an equity holding company, financing and leasing 
activities and acting as a headquarters company. 
The Substance Law provides progressive sanctions for non-compliance including financial penalties, 
disclosure and striking off from the register. 
On the basis that the Guarantor is solely tax resident in Switzerland, the Substance Law will not apply to 
the Guarantor.

--- Page 158 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 151 - 
70-41042609 
 
Swiss Taxation 
Swiss income tax  
Interest paid to Swiss private investors who hold the Notes as private assets, will be subject to the ordinary 
income tax on the side of the investor. The income tax is levied according to a progressive rate, which 
varies according to the canton (and municipality) of residence of the investor. As a matter of illustration, 
the top tax rate is 45 per cent. in Geneva, 40 per cent. in Zurich, and 26.8 per cent. in Schwyz (all taxes - 
federal, cantonal and municipal - included). Capital gains made upon sale of the Notes is exonerated from 
the income tax. This is however subject to the requirement that the Notes do not qualify as bonds with a 
"predominant one time interest". Indeed, where more than 50 per cent. of the interest is paid in the form of 
an original issue discount or a reimbursement agio, the portion of the sale pricing corresponding to accrued 
interest is taxed as ordinary income rather than as capital gain. 
If the Notes are held as business assets, any profit derived from the Notes in excess of their book value is 
subject to ordinary (individual or corporate) income tax. Contrary to individual income tax, corporate 
income tax is generally a flat tax (the rate of which also varies depending on the canton and municipality 
of seat of the corporation). The corporate income tax rate is 14 per cent. in Geneva, 19.7 per cent. in Zurich, 
and 14.06 per cent. in Schwyz (all taxes - federal, cantonal and municipal - included). 
Swiss withholding tax 
As per currently applicable laws, interest payments under the Notes will not be subject to Swiss withholding 
tax (35 per cent.), provided that the Issuer of the Note is at all times domiciled and effectively managed 
outside of Switzerland and provided that the proceeds from the offering and sale of the Notes are not used 
in Switzerland in a manner which exceeds what is permitted under Swiss tax legislation.  As per the Swiss 
Federal tax authorities’ (“SFTA”) practice and in accordance with the Addendum Ruling accepted by the 
SFTA, the Issuer may forward the proceeds to the Guarantor or other Swiss entities of the group (for 
example, via on lending arrangements or otherwise) provided that the amounts forwarded in Switzerland 
do not exceed on a cumulative basis (i) the total equity amount held by the Guarantor in its non-Swiss 
subsidiaries and (ii) the total net amount of loans granted directly or indirectly to Swiss companies by the 
guaranteed entity. 
Swiss stamp duty  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no Swiss stamp duty or registration, documentary or similar tax or 
fee is payable (i) in respect of the establishment of the Programme or the issuance of the Notes or (ii) to 
render the Programme Agreements admissible in evidence in Switzerland. Swiss stamp duty may however 
be due on secondary market transactions, if the transaction is made to, from or through a person or an entity 
which qualifies as a securities dealer within the meanings of the Swiss law on stamp duty. In such a case, 
the stamp duty is levied at a rate of up to 0.3 per cent. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating member states"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating member state. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating member 
state or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
member state.

--- Page 159 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 152 - 
70-41042609 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
member states may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer and the Guarantor) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for US 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the US Federal Register generally would 
be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 160 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 153 - 
70-41042609 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and J.P. Morgan SE (the 
"Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer 
to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 14 December 
2022, as amended, supplemented and/or restated (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Dealers and Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and 
J.P. Morgan SE in their capacity as arrangers (the "Arrangers"). If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and a single Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in 
the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes 
will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of 
those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those 
Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in 
relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the Dealers to subscribe for Notes may be subject 
to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) receipt of legal opinions from counsel. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if 
TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered, delivered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
The Bearer Notes are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
US tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further dealer or distributor will be required to agree, that, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the 
relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such 
Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such 
Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, US persons.  Each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further dealer or distributor will 
be required to further agree, that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not engaged 
and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and it and they have complied 
and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S.  Each Dealer will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation

--- Page 161 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 154 - 
70-41042609 
 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, US persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
maybe) to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) in relation 
to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which 
is not a Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating 
such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 162 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 155 - 
70-41042609 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
to the public which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) in relation 
to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of 
the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated 
as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional 
provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms contemplating 
such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Public Offer;  
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA;  
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law

--- Page 163 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 156 - 
70-41042609 
 
of the UK by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the 
"SCA")) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance 
of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). 
No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders 
thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or 
business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside The Netherlands 
and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever." 
Jersey 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it will not circulate in Jersey any offer for 
subscription, sale or exchange of the Notes except in compliance with all applicable Jersey laws, orders and 
regulations, including, without limitation, the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan). As used in this paragraph,

--- Page 164 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 157 - 
70-41042609 
 
"resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contract (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be

--- Page 165 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 158 - 
70-41042609 
 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 166 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 159 - 
70-41042609 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of this Base Prospectus was authorised by the Board 
of Managing Directors of the Issuer on 11 November 2022 and by the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor on 20 July 2022. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes 
and the giving of the guarantee relating to them. 
2. 
Listing of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and for the Notes to be admitted to trading on its regulated market.  The 
listing of the Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or around 14 December 
2022. 
3. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, 
or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor and its 
Subsidiaries. 
4. 
Significant/Material Change 
Since 31 March 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor 
any significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer.  
Save as disclosed in the "Recent Developments" section, there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Guarantor or the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries since 31 March 2022, and 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Guarantor or the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries since 30 September 2022. 
5. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor have been audited without qualification for 
the years ended, 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022 by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent 
registered Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, who have given, and have not withdrawn, 
their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in 
which it is included.  
The standalone financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the 
21-month financial period from incorporation until 31 March 2022 by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V. The signatory is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants 
(Koninklijke 
Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie 
van 
Accountants). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to 
the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospects in the form and context in which it is included. 
6. 
Ratings 
The Programme has been rated Ba1 by Moody's and BBB- by Fitch. In accordance with Moody's 
ratings 
definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated "Ba" are 
judged to have speculative elements and are subject to substantial credit risk. In accordance with 
Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions, a rating of "BBB" indicates a good credit 
quality, meaning that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of 
financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are 
more likely to impair this capacity.

--- Page 167 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 160 - 
70-41042609 
 
7. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected at the registered office of the Guarantor and 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and also in electronic format at the website of the 
Guarantor 
at: 
https://wizzair.com/en-gb/information-and-services/investor-
relations/investors/emtn-programme for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
• 
the constitutive documents of the Guarantor; 
• 
the audited standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the first 21-month financial 
period from incorporation until 31 March 2022;  
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended 31 
March 2021 and 31 March 2022; 
• 
the unaudited consolidated interim management statement prepared in accordance with 
the International Financial Reporting Standards of the Guarantor in respect of the six 
months ended 30 September 2022; 
• 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
• 
the Deed of Covenant; 
• 
the programme manual in relation to the Programme (which contains the forms of the 
Notes in global and definitive form); and 
• 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form). 
8. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instruments Short Name (FISN) and/or Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
9. 
Denomination 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a minimum denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares 
(or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any entity to whose group 
the Issuer belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
10. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes 
or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the

--- Page 168 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 161 - 
70-41042609 
 
relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
11. 
Availability of Prospectus 
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin's 
website 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/25865/overview. 
12. 
Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on its regulated market. 
13. 
Conflicts 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in 
the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates.  Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
14. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 724500H9M16IQI3B4W90. The Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 213800COXGZCORLJZA85. 
15. 
Guarantor Website 
The 
Guarantor's 
website 
is 
https://wizzair.com/en-gb/information-and-services/investor-
relations/investors/information-dashboard. Unless specifically incorporated into this base 
prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
16. 
Jersey Financial Services Commission 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission ("JFSC") has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent 
under Article 8 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the circulation of this Base 
Prospectus in Jersey. 
It must be distinctly understood that, in giving this consent, the JFSC does not take any 
responsibility for the financial soundness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or for the correctness of 
any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to them.

--- Page 169 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 162 - 
70-41042609 
 
The JFSC is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against 
liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.

--- Page 170 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 163 - 
70-41042609 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ ................................................................... vi 
£ ................................................................... vi 
€ ................................................................... vi 
€STR....................................................... 30, 66 
€STR reference rate ...................................... 66 
€STRi ........................................................... 66 
2006 ISDA Definitions ................................. 57 
ACARS ....................................................... 116 
Accountholder ....................................... 41, 103 
Accrual Yield ............................................... 43 
Additional Business Centre(s) ....................... 43 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ...................... 43 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 71 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ................... 57 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 42 
Agent ........................................................... 42 
Agents .......................................................... 42 
Alternative Rate ........................................... 72 
AOC ..................................................... 14, 106 
Arrangers .................................................... 152 
Bank Rate .................................................... 59 
Base Prospectus ........................................ ii, 88 
Bearer Notes ........................................... 36, 42 
Benchmark .............................................. 60, 62 
Benchmark Amendments ......................... 70, 72 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 72 
Benchmark Replacement .............................. 63 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment............ 63 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 .................................................................... 63 
Benchmark Replacement Date ...................... 63 
Benchmark Transition Event ......................... 64 
Better Airports Package ............................... 126 
business day ................................................. 52 
Business Day ................................................ 43 
Business Day Convention ............................. 43 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 44 
Calculation Amount...................................... 44 
Calculation Period ................................... 44, 57 
CASK ......................................................... 107 
CEE ...................................................... 12, 106 
Central Bank .................................................. ii 
CGN .............................................................. 3 
Change of Control ........................................ 77 
Change of Control Period ............................. 77 
Classic Global Note ........................................ 3 
Clearing System Business Day..................... 103 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ........................ 27, 36 
Code ................................................. 78, 80, 81 
Commission's proposal ................................ 150 
Community carriers ..................................... 124 
Company ..................................................... 106 
Compounded Daily €STR ............................. 65 
Compounded Daily SONIA .......................... 58 
Compounded Index ...................................... 68 
Compounded SOFR...................................... 60 
Conditions ......................................... iii, 42, 88 
Confirmation ................................................. 57 
Control ......................................................... 77 
Coupon Sheet ................................................ 44 
Couponholder ............................................... 52 
Couponholders .............................................. 42 
Coupons........................................................ 42 
CRA Regulation (UK) ................................... 97 
d .................................................. 58, 60, 66, 68 
D ...................................................... 58, 60, 66 
Day Count Fraction ....................................... 44 
Dealer Agreement ....................................... 152 
Dealers ....................................................... 152 
Deed of Covenant ................................... 28, 42 
Deed of Guarantee .................................. 28, 42 
Definitive Notes ............................................ 37 
Direct Rights ................................................. 41 
disabled passengers ..................................... 129 
Dispute ......................................................... 86 
do ............................................................ 60, 66 
Do ................................................................. 58 
dollars ............................................................ vi 
Downgrade ................................................... 77 
Drawdown Prospectus ................................... iii 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ................... 46 
Early Redemption Event................................ 76 
Early Redemption Notice ........................ 46, 77 
Early Termination Amount ............................ 46 
easyJet .......................................................... 12 
ECAA ................................................... 22, 124 
ECB .............................................................. 36 
ECJ ............................................................... 23 
EEA ................................................. 14, 87, 123 
EEA Agreement .......................................... 124 
Effective Date ......................................... 57, 77 
End ............................................................... 68 
EU ........................................................... vi, 11 
EU CRA Regulation ........................................ 5 
EU ETS ........................................................ 24 
EUR .............................................................. vi 
EURIBOR .................................................... 46 
euro ............................................................... vi 
Euroclear ................................................ 27, 36 
Eurodollar Convention .................................. 44 
Eurosystem ............................................. 27, 36 
EU-Switzerland Air Transport Agreement ..... 22 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................... 47 
FIEA........................................................... 155 
Final Redemption Amount ............................ 47 
Final Terms .............................................. iii, 42 
first currency ................................................. 85 
First Interest Payment Date ........................... 47 
first Person .................................................... 51 
Fiscal Agent .................................................. 42 
fiscal year ...................................................... vi 
Fitch ......................................................... ii, 77

--- Page 171 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 164 - 
70-41042609 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................. 47 
Floating Rate Convention ............................. 44 
Following Business Day Convention ............ 43 
FRN Convention .......................................... 44 
FSMA ....................................................... v, 87 
FTT ............................................................ 150 
Global Note .................................................. 36 
Global Registered Note ................................. 40 
Group .................................................... 47, 106 
Guarantee ..................................................... 47 
Guarantee of the Notes ................................. 47 
Guarantor ..................................... ii, iii, 42, 106 
Holder ..................................................... 47, 52 
Home Markets ............................................. 110 
i ........................................................ 58, 61, 66 
i+1 ............................................................... 61 
IATA .......................................................... 119 
ICAO ........................................................... 24 
Indebtedness ................................................. 47 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 72 
Index Days ................................................... 68 
Individual Note Certificates .......................... 40 
Insurance Distribution Directive ........ v, 87, 153 
Interest Amount ............................................ 47 
Interest Commencement Date ....................... 47 
Interest Determination Date ......... 47, 58, 61, 66 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 48 
Interest Period .............................................. 48 
ISDA Definitions.......................................... 48 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ........................... 64 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 64 
Issue Date .................................................... 48 
Issuer .................................................. ii, iii, 42 
LBD ............................................................. 58 
London Banking Day.................................... 58 
Main Securities Market ................................... ii 
Margin ......................................................... 48 
Material Subsidiary ...................................... 48 
Maturity Date ............................................... 48 
Maximum Redemption Amount .................... 48 
Member State ................................................ vi 
MiFID II .................................................. ii, 87 
Minimum Redemption Amount .................... 48 
Modified Business Day Convention .............. 43 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................................... 43 
Moody's ................................................... ii, 77 
New Global Note ............................................ 3 
New Safekeeping Structure ........................ 3, 40 
NGN ......................................................... 3, 36 
ni ....................................................... 58, 61, 67 
No Adjustment ............................................. 44 
Non-exempt Offer ....................................... 153 
Note Certificate ............................................ 52 
Noteholder .............................................. 48, 52 
Notes........................................................ ii, 42 
NSS .................................................... 3, 27, 40 
Numerator .................................................... 68 
Observation Period ............................ 58, 61, 67 
offer of Notes to the public .......................... 154 
Official List ....................................................ii 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ............. 48 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) .............. 48 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .................. 48 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) .................... 48 
Order ...............................................................i 
p ....................................................... 59, 61, 67 
Participating Member State ........................... 48 
participating member states ......................... 150 
Paying Agents ............................................... 42 
Payment Business Day .................................. 49 
PCI DSS ....................................................... 14 
Permanent Global Note ................................. 36 
Permitted Security Interest ............................ 53 
Person ........................................................... 49 
Potential Change of Control Announcement .. 77 
pounds sterling ............................................... vi 
Preceding Business Day Convention.............. 44 
PRIIPs Regulation ..................................... v, 87 
Principal Financial Centre ............................. 49 
Programme ............................................... ii, 42 
Prospectus Regulation ...................... vi, 88, 154 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 49 
Put Option Receipt ........................................ 49 
Rate of Interest .............................................. 49 
Rating Agencies ............................................ 77 
Record Date .......................................... 81, 103 
Redemption Amount ..................................... 49 
Reference Banks ........................................... 49 
Reference Price ............................................. 49 
Reference Rate .............................................. 49 
Reference Time ............................................. 64 
Registered Notes ........................................... 42 
Registrar ....................................................... 42 
Regular Date ................................................. 50 
Regular Period .............................................. 50 
Regulation S ....................................................i 
Relevant Coupons ......................................... 79 
Relevant Date ............................................... 50 
Relevant Decimal Place ................................. 68 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 50 
Relevant Governmental Body ........................ 65 
Relevant Indebtedness ................................... 50 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................... 72 
Relevant Number of Index Days .................... 68 
Relevant Screen Page .................................... 50 
Relevant State ............................................. 153 
Relevant Time ............................................... 50 
Reserved Matter ............................................ 50 
Responsible Persons ...................................... iii 
RPK ............................................................ 115 
Ryanair ......................................................... 12 
SCA ............................................................ 155 
second currency ............................................ 85 
second Person ............................................... 51 
Securities Act ................................................. iv 
Security Interest ............................................ 50 
Series ............................................................ 42 
SFA ................................................................ v 
Slot Regulation ........................................... 125

--- Page 172 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 165 - 
70-41042609 
 
SOFR ........................................................... 61 
SOFR Administrator ..................................... 62 
SOFR Administrator's Website ..................... 62 
SOFR Compounded Index ............................ 68 
SOFR Determination Time ........................... 61 
SOFRi .......................................................... 62 
SONIA ......................................................... 59 
SONIA Compounded Index .......................... 68 
SONIA Reference Rate ................................. 59 
SONIAi ........................................................ 59 
Specified Currency ....................................... 50 
Specified Denomination(s) ........................... 50 
Specified Future Date ................................... 72 
Specified Office ........................................... 50 
Specified Period ........................................... 51 
Start ............................................................. 68 
sterling .......................................................... vi 
stop the clock ............................................... 24 
Subsidiary .................................................... 51 
sub-unit ................................................... 54, 69 
Successor Rate ............................................. 73 
Talon............................................................ 51 
TARGET Settlement Day .............................. 51 
TARGET2 .................................................... 51 
TEFRA C Rules ............................................ 36 
TEFRA D Rules ............................................ 36 
Temporary Global Note ................................. 36 
Termination Date .......................................... 57 
Tranche ......................................................... 42 
Transfer Agents ............................................ 42 
Treaty ........................................................... 51 
UK....................................................... v, vi, 87 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ............ iv 
UK pounds sterling ........................................ vi 
ULCC ......................................................... 107 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ............. 65 
United Kingdom ............................................ vi 
US dollars ...................................................... vi 
US Government Securities Business Day ....... 62 
US$ ............................................................... vi 
Wizz Air ..................................................... 106 
Wizz Air Abu Dhabi ................................... 106 
Wizz Air UK ............................................... 106 
Zero Coupon Note ......................................... 51

--- Page 173 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 166 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Wizz Air Finance Company B.V. 
Herikerbergweg 238, Luna ArenA,  
1101 CM Amsterdam,  
The Netherlands  
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Wizz Air Holdings Plc 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey, JE4 9WG 
ARRANGERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom  
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 174 ---
10242714494-v28 
- 167 - 
70-41042609 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to English law: 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Dutch law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Jersey law: 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor as to Swiss Taxation 
Law:  
 
 Ogier (Jersey) LLP 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey, JE4 9WG 
Lenz & Staehlin 
Route de Chêne 30  
1208 Geneva  
Switzerland  
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
 
Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
One Fleet Place 
London EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
1 Embankment Place 
London 
WC2N 6RH 
United Kingdom 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Acountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5  
1066 JR  
Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland