--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 30 May 2023 
 
A50945294      
 
1 
 
 
(incorporated as a société anonyme in France)  
€4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the €4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Worldline (“Worldline” 
or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Notes issued by Worldline may be issued in euro, U.S. dollars, Swiss francs, Sterling and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the “CSSF”) in Luxembourg, in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, or of the quality of the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus, 
in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial 
soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus (i) to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in such Member State. However, Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted and/or not admitted to trading on any market. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed 
and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market, and will be published, if relevant, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission to trading 
is sought or on the website of the Issuer, as the case may be. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) (a 
“Regulated Market”). 
 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve (12) months from its date and until 30 May 2024 in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market will be €100,000 and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (the “Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France 
(“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined herein) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking SA (“Clearstream”) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder 
of Notes (a “Noteholder”), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Registration Agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account 
Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term corporate rating of the Issuer by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) is BBB (stable outlook). S&P is 
established in the European Union (“EU”) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the ESMA 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with such regulation. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes which are rated will have such rating as is assigned to them by S&P or such other relevant rating organisation as specified in the 
Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating of S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein will be published on the Issuer’s website (www.worldline.com) and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Arrangers  
 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
NATIXIS 
 
Dealers  
 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
NATIXIS

--- Page 2 ---
A50945294      
 
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto published from time to time (each a 
“Supplement” and, together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purposes of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the 
Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular 
nature of the Issuer and the Notes, contains the necessary information which is material to investors for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer and the rights attached to the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and, 
each of which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series 
(as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to amend or supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new Base Prospectus following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arrangers (each as defined in section “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
the Issuer or those of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of 
the Issuer or that of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information or representations in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other information incorporated by reference should subscribe for 
or purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors 
must rely on their own independent investigation and appraisal of the Issuer, its business and the terms 
of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. For further details, see section “Risk Factors” 
herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business 
or tax advice. Each prospective investor should subscribe for or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax 
financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers 
has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers.

--- Page 3 ---
A50945294      
 
3 
Selling restrictions 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER 
FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN 
EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR ITS POSSESSIONS 
OR TO U.S. PERSONS. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND 
SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE 
“SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer 
to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any 
non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United 
States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them

--- Page 4 ---
A50945294      
 
4 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 
2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID II) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 20181 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in UK MiFIR) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
1  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023.

--- Page 5 ---
A50945294      
 
5 
Taxation considerations 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential 
investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors are 
advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such 
tax is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or 
any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity 
of the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Independent Review and Advice 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is 
fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and conditions, complies and is fully consistent with 
all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the 
Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above. 
Investors whose investment activities are subject to investment laws and regulations or to review or 
regulation by certain authorities may be subject to restrictions on investments in certain types of debt 
securities. Investors should review and consider such restrictions prior to investing in the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for 
the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for 
compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Rating 
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but takes 
into account other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the 
Notes, and reflects only the views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. The rating addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to 
the Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest payment date and repayment of principal 
on the final payment date. There is no assurance that any such rating will continue for any period of 
time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agency as 
a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agency’s judgement, 
circumstances so warrant. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities.

--- Page 6 ---
A50945294      
 
6 
Potential conflict of interest  
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent, and their affiliates have and/or 
may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial 
advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by 
any entity of the Group (as defined in the “Important Notice” section). They have or may (i) engage in 
investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage 
business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in 
connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as 
financial advisors to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, 
certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. 
Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes 
and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to 
certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of 
the Notes. In particular, whilst a Calculation Agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers 
and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time 
to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds 
sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” 
and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America and references to “CHF” and 
“Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 7 ---
A50945294      
 
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 27 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 32 
Temporary Global Certificates Issued in Respect of Materialised Bearer Notes ............................................. 91 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 92 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................... 93 
Recent Developments ....................................................................................................................................... 94 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 103 
Form of Final Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 108 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 125 
Person responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus ............................................................ 129

--- Page 8 ---
A50945294      
 
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and 
is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). It does not, and 
is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall have the same meanings in this 
General Description. 
Issuer 
Worldline (the “Issuer” or “Worldline”) 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of 
the Issuer 
549300CJMQNCA0U4TS33 
Website of the Issuer  
www.worldline.com 
Programme Limit 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Arrangers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Natixis 
Dealers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Natixis 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. The identity of the Dealer(s) in respect of a specific 
Tranche will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent and Registration 
Agent 
Société Générale

--- Page 9 ---
A50945294      
 
9 
Risk Factors  
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under the heading “Risk factors relating to the Issuer and 
the Group” in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base 
Prospectus.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under the heading “Risk 
factors relating to the Notes” in the section headed “Risk Factors” 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche will be set out in the final terms to this Base 
Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one (1) month from the date of 
original issue. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in euro, U.S. dollars, Swiss francs, 
Sterling and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s) 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market will be €100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency 
at the issue date) or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial 
authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity 
of less than one (1) year from the date of issue and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only.

--- Page 10 ---
A50945294      
 
10 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised 
Notes”). Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered (au nominatif 
administré) form. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes issued by the Issuer are to be in bearer (au porteur) 
dematerialised form or in registered (au nominatif) dematerialised 
form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and the 
United States. 
Conversion of Notes 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders will not have 
the option to convert from registered (au nominatif) form to bearer 
(au porteur) dematerialised form and vice versa. 
 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au 
nominatif), the Noteholders will have the option to convert from 
fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) to 
administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) and vice versa. 
Status of the Notes 
The principal and interest on the Notes and, where applicable, any 
relative 
Coupons, 
are 
direct, 
general, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) rank and will rank pari 
passu, without any preference among themselves and, subject to 
such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French 
law, equally and rateably with all other outstanding, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, present and future, of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 – see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge”. 
Events of Default 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 9 – see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default”.

--- Page 11 ---
A50945294      
 
11 
Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at its nominal 
amount, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms.  
Early Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption”, “Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, 
“Clean-up Call Option” and “Redemption following an 
Acquisition Event” below, Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders.  
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer 
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their Maturity Date at the Optional Redemption 
Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part or, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in whole or in part at their principal 
amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption at any time as from the Residual Maturity Redemption 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Clean-up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of any issue of Notes and if a portion of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series at least 
equal to 75 per cent. or any percentage above, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up Percentage”), has been 
redeemed or purchased and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. 
Redemption following an 
Acquisition Event 
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event 
has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes of the relevant 
Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount in whole but not in part or, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in whole or in part, together with any interest accrued to, 
but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
Put Option in case of Change of 
Control 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, 
at the option of each Noteholder, further to a change of control of

--- Page 12 ---
A50945294      
 
12 
the Issuer, the rating of the Issuer is downgraded, as more fully 
described in Condition 6(m).  
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or 
other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer, will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, 
as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. Unless a higher 
minimum rate of interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
the minimum rate of interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
includes any applicable margin) shall be deemed to be 0.00 per 
cent. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(1) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or  
(2) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency pursuant to the June 2013 Fédération Bancaire 
Française Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments; or

--- Page 13 ---
A50945294      
 
13 
 
(3) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, 
SOFR or SONIA (or such other benchmark as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in 
each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, 
for the sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than 
zero. 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes provide a methodology to determine the 
successor or alternative rates. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Event 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) occurs the 
Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable appoints an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5(a)), which will 
determine whether a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is 
available and whether any adjustments and/or amendments to the 
terms of the relevant Series of Notes are required in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)). 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the 
date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Representation of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in 
a masse (in each case, the “Masse”). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce, with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, 
L.228-65 I, 1° (only in respect of a change of the corporate purpose 
of the Issuer or form of the Issuer into a société européenne) and 
3° (only in the case of transfers of assets of the Issuer to any of its 
fully consolidated subsidiary within the Group), Article R.228-67, 
Article R.228-69 and Article R.228-72 of the French Code de 
commerce and subject to the provisions set out in the Conditions 
of the Notes. 
The Masse will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the 
Noteholders. The names and addresses of the Representative will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
A50945294      
 
14 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single Masse 
of all Tranches in such Series. 
Governing Law 
The Notes are governed by French law. 
Rating 
The long-term corporate rating of the Issuer by S&P is BBB (stable 
outlook). S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as 
the date of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with such 
regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”) and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The rating of S&P has been endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and has not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued 
by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The 
rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where 
an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Depositaries/ Clearing Systems 
Euroclear 
France 
as 
central 
depositary 
in 
relation 
to 
Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream, Euroclear or any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Transfers between Euroclear and Clearstream participants, on the 
one hand, and Euroclear France Account Holders, on the other 
hand, shall be effected directly or via their respective depositaries 
in accordance with applicable rules and operating procedures 
established for this purpose by Euroclear and Clearstream, on the 
one hand, and Euroclear France on the other hand.

--- Page 15 ---
A50945294      
 
15 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes 
One (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Admission to trading and listing 
Application may be made for a period of 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus (i) to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of 
the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in such Member State. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other relevant stock 
exchange will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of 
Notes may or may not be listed and admitted to trading on any 
market. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 16 ---
A50945294      
 
16 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and may be material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent 
the principal risks relating to the Issuer and inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but 
the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that 
it currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its 
assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their 
occurrence. 
For the purpose of this section headed “Risk Factors”, the “Group” is defined as the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(A) 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Group  
Risk factors linked to the Issuer and its activity are described on pages 355 to 362 of the Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel 2022 (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and 
include the following: 
• 
Operational Risks; 
• 
Compliance & Legal Risks; 
• 
Strategic Risks; and 
• 
Financial Risks. 
(B) 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes  
1. 
Economic and legal risks relating to the Notes 
French insolvency law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132, has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable

--- Page 17 ---
A50945294      
 
17 
since 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption 
of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall 
be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria.  
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, 
meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other 
affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other 
types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Credit risk of the Issuer 
As contemplated in Condition 3 (Status of Notes), the Notes and, where applicable, any relative 
Coupons, constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) rank and will rank pari passu, 
without any preference among themselves and, subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law, equally and rateably with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, present and future, of the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes 
involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates (as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P), it may not be able to 
fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes which could materially and negatively 
impact the Noteholders, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the long-term debt rating of the Issuer by S&P is BBB (stable outlook)), and a 
number of additional factors, including the value of an index, including, but not limited to, the 
volatility of an index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the 
stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell 
the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or 
the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing all or part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Although particular series of Notes may specify in the relevant Final Terms that they are expected to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market, there is a 
risk that an active trading market for the Notes will not develop, or, if one does develop, that it will

--- Page 18 ---
A50945294      
 
18 
not be maintained or may not be very liquid. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop 
or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected.  
As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to 
realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies in accordance with Condition 5 
(Interest and other calculations) and Condition 7 (Payments and Talons). The Issuer will pay principal 
and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, if this risk ever materialises, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Modification and waivers 
 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for calling General Meetings of 
Noteholders or consulting them by way of Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not participate in the relevant General Meeting or Written Resolutions and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General Meetings or Written Resolutions 
may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
subject to the limitation provided by French law. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders 
and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose all or part of their investment.  
 
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) provides that the 
provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° (only in respect of a change of the corporate purpose of the Issuer 
or the form of the Issuer into a société européenne) and 3° (only in the case of transfers of assets of 
the Issuer to any of its fully consolidated subsidiary within the Group) of the French Code de commerce 
(respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any 
proposal to change the corporate purpose of the Issuer or the form of the Issuer into a société 
européenne or (ii) of any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles 
L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce (only in the case of transfers of assets of the 
Issuer to any of its fully consolidated subsidiary within the Group)) shall not apply to the Notes. As a 
result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on such 
matters and no early redemption of any Note by the Issuer shall be requested by the Noteholders in 
respect of such modifications. A change of the Issuer’s corporate purpose or form into a société 
européenne and any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-
13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce (only in the case of transfers of assets of the Issuer

--- Page 19 ---
A50945294      
 
19 
to any of its fully consolidated subsidiary within the Group) may adversely affect the liquidity of the 
Notes and Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes on the market. 
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the structure and feature of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, 
each Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of 
such Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, 
redemption and issue price. 
Risk Factors relating to the limited restrictive covenants 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the Issuer or its Subsidiaries (as defined in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) from incurring additional debt. As contemplated in Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a negative pledge that prohibits the 
Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) in certain 
circumstances from creating security over assets, but only to the extent that such is used to secure other 
bonds or similar listed (or capable of being listed) debt securities on a regulated market or another 
assimilated market and there are certain exceptions to the negative pledge. The Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes do not contain any other covenants restricting the operations of the Issuer, or its ability to 
distribute dividends or buy back shares. The Issuer’s Subsidiaries are not bound by obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes and are not guarantors of the Notes. These limited restricted covenants may not 
provide sufficient protection for investors in the Notes which could materially and negatively impact 
the Noteholders and increase the risk of losing all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Risk Factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate 
Notes bearing interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively 
altered. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or 
within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies 
on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite 
direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield 
of such Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the 
price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note equals approximately the 
Market Interest Rate. 
Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase price of the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may 
be lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total 
amount of the capital invested.

--- Page 20 ---
A50945294      
 
20 
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), a key difference between 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be 
anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), investment in Notes which bear 
interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as 
the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the 
life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of 
the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance 
with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile 
if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference 
rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the 
relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or a significant part of their investments 
in the Notes and therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Furthermore, should the reference rate in respect of a Floating Rate Note be at any time negative, this 
could result in the rate of interest payable to Noteholders being lower than the applicable margin. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if the resulting rate of interest is less than zero, the applicable rate of interest 
shall be deemed to be zero and the Noteholders will not have to pay the negative fraction of such 
interest to the Issuer.  
As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their 
interests may be significantly and negatively altered. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear 
interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set 
out in the Final Terms. The conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. In case of conversion from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, the 
Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and 
“Floating Rate Notes”. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon 
Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below

--- Page 21 ---
A50945294      
 
21 
par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other 
Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are 
a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, 
lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and where the applicable Final Terms for 
a Series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by 
reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” which are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, to change their methodology or other terms, to disappear entirely or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the 
liquidity, market value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) is applicable since 1 January 2018 to the provision of “benchmark” in the EU, the 
contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” in the EU. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks” in the EU, the contribution of 
input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. Among other things, it (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to 
equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) 
of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which applies since 13 February 
2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation has introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring on the European Commission or the 
relevant national authority the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, 
resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been 
renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual 
replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by 
the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks 
Regulation). These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event that 
the fallback provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable. However, 
there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing 
acts of the European Commission. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future 
legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations.

--- Page 22 ---
A50945294      
 
22 
In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to further extend this 
transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR): (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such “benchmarks”, (ii) 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and EURIBOR or another Reference Rate (other than 
SARON, €STR, SOFR Benchmark or SONIA) has been selected as the Reference Rate, Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) provides that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the 
Original Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)) is discontinued, neither the 
Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) provides for the Rate of 
Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation 
Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert 
to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
Original Reference Rate was unavailable (and solely in the context that such unavailability does not 
qualify as a Benchmark Event). Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such Original 
Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)) (which, amongst other events, 
includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate (other than with respect to SARON, €STR, SOFR Benchmark or SONIA) when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as 
defined in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)). The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as defined in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)) (and, as the case may 
be, an Adjustment Spread) to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread) to determine the 
Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 23 ---
A50945294      
 
23 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if 
the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the Independent Adviser and the Independent Adviser determines that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, then the Issuer may vary these Conditions to give effect to such amendments without 
any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 5(a) 
(Definitions)) may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an 
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The 
use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) 
may still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread) 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked 
to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or 
the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating 
Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders may, in such circumstances, be 
materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have expected if an Independent Adviser

--- Page 24 ---
A50945294      
 
24 
had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail to determine such Successor or 
Alternative Rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) allows the Notes referencing risk-free rates to be 
issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”), the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight (“SARON”) and the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”), as reference rates in the 
capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, Swiss franc or euro bonds, as applicable, and their adoption 
as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates.  
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk-free 
rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk-free rate 
or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual 
historical performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave 
materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, since 
publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the risk-
free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In 
addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates 
continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used 
in the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, 
if at all.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in terms 
of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rates issued 
by it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect the market value 
of Notes issued under the Programme.  
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. 
There is a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or SONIA 
Compounded Index) will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to, or which reference, such risk-free rate (or that 
any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
will provide a rate which is not economically equivalent for Noteholders). If the manner in which the 
relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
A50945294      
 
25 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Risk Factors relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of the Issuer or a political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, 
outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(f)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
The Issuer has also the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under 
a call option as provided in Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), a make-whole 
call option as provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), a residual maturity 
call option as provided in Condition 6(h) (Residual Maturity Call Option), a clean-up call option as 
provided in Condition 6(i) (Clean-Up Call Option) and a redemption following an acquisition event 
call as provided in Condition 6(j) (Redemption following an Acquisition Event).  
In particular, in case of a clean-up call option there is no obligation for the Issuer to inform investors 
if and when the Clean-Up Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is 
about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior 
to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of this option, the Notes may have been traded 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If (i) a Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the 
Issuer (x) has not, on or prior the Acquisition Completion Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), 
completed or closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, 
or (y) has publicly announced that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at the Acquisition Call 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued on the Notes as provided in Condition 6(j) 
(Redemption following an Acquisition Event). 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer. Such right of termination is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. 
If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of 
termination increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may 
be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be 
able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in 
subscribing the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders.

--- Page 26 ---
A50945294      
 
26 
Exercise of the Call Option, the Make-Whole Redemption, the Put Option, the Residual Maturity Call 
Option of the Put Option in case of Change of Control by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is made, 
either at the option of the Issuer through the exercise of the Call Option, as provided in Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), the Make-Whole Redemption, as provided in Condition 6(c) 
(Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or the Residual Maturity Call Option, as provided in 
Condition 6(h) (Residual Maturity Call Option), if any provided in the relevant Final Terms, or at the 
option of the Noteholders through the exercise of the Put Option, as provided in Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or the Put Option in case of Change of Control, as provided 
in Condition 6(m) (Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of 
Control), if any provided in the relevant Final Terms, any trading market in respect of those Notes in 
respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, investors may only be 
able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with a lower yield 
than the redeemed Notes and Noteholders may lose part of their investment.

--- Page 27 ---
A50945294      
 
27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the pages set out in the cross-reference 
table below from the following documents: 
(1) 
the press release dated 26 April 2023 on quarterly information as at 31 March 2023 in French language 
published on the Issuer's website (the “2023 Q1 Press Release”); 
(2) 
the document d’enregistrement universel 2022 of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 in French language, including the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 
December 2022 (the “Document d’Enregistrement Universel 2022”);  
(3) 
the document d’enregistrement universel 2021 of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 in French language, including the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 
December 2021 (the “Document d’Enregistrement Universel 2021”); and 
(4) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated, 22 June 
2020 (the “2020 EMTN Conditions” or the “EMTN Previous Conditions”).  
Such pages shall be incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The documents listed in (1) to (4) above and this Base Prospectus are available on the websites of the Issuer 
(www.worldline.com) and of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
Free translations in the English language of the 2023 Q1 Press Release, the Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2022 and the Document d’Enregistrement Universel 2021 are available on the Issuer’s website 
(www.worldline.com). Such English translations are available for information purposes only and are not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding versions are the French language versions. 
No information in the website of the Issuer (www.worldline.com) nor the website itself forms any part of this 
Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference table (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation). 
Items of such Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation which are not listed in the cross-reference 
table below are also not relevant because included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list below but included in the documents incorporated by 
reference shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
However, the information set out in sections “Description of the Issuer” or “Recent Developments” can 
complete, modify or supersede the information incorporated by reference.

--- Page 28 ---
A50945294      
 
28 
 
 
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation  
2023 Q1 
Press Release 
Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2022 
(page number of the 
document available on the 
weblink in (1) above) 
Document 
d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2021 
(page number of 
the document 
available on the 
weblink in (2) 
above) 
SECTION 
3 
 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and that may affect the 
issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in 
the assessment of the issuer, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the negative 
impact on the issuer and the probability of 
their occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk 
factors shall be corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
 
Pages 355 to 362 
The risks factors that are 
specific to the Issuer include 
the following: 
• 
Operational Risks; 
• 
Compliance & Legal 
Risks; 
• 
Strategic Risks; and 
• 
Financial Risks. 
 
SECTION 
4 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1  
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
 
4.1.1  
The legal and commercial name of the 
Issuer. 
 
Page 477 
 
4.1.2  
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
(‘LEI’). 
 
Page 477 
 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of 
life of the Issuer, except where the period is 
indefinite. 
 
Page 477 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, 
its country of incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from 
its registered office) and website of the Issuer, 
if any, with a disclaimer that the information 
on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
 
Page 477 
 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
Pages 1 to 7 
Pages 12 to 16

--- Page 29 ---
A50945294      
 
29 
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation  
2023 Q1 
Press Release 
Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2022 
(page number of the 
document available on the 
weblink in (1) above) 
Document 
d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2021 
(page number of 
the document 
available on the 
weblink in (2) 
above) 
SECTION 
5 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1  
Principal activities 
 
 
 
5.1.1  
A brief description of the Issuer’s principal 
activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed; and 
 
Pages 4, 17 to 19 and 36 to 
53 
 
5.1.2  
The basis for any statements in the 
registration document made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
 
Pages 25 to 27 and 36 to 53 
 
SECTION 
6 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1  
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in the 
form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
 
Page 481 
 
SECTION 
9 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions 
within the Issuer of the following persons and 
an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that Issuer 
where these are significant with respect to 
that Issuer: 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
 
Pages 374 to 393 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, 
and 
supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the Issuer, of the persons referred to 
in item 9.1, and their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must be made. 
 
Page 401 
 
SECTION 
10 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state 
whether the Issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
 
Pages 463 and 470

--- Page 30 ---
A50945294      
 
30 
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation  
2023 Q1 
Press Release 
Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2022 
(page number of the 
document available on the 
weblink in (1) above) 
Document 
d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2021 
(page number of 
the document 
available on the 
weblink in (2) 
above) 
describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to 
the issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control 
of the issuer. 
 
Page 470 
 
SECTION 
11 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1  
Historical financial information 
 
 
 
11.1.1  
Historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (at least 24 months) 
or such shorter period as the Issuer has been 
in operation and the audit report in respect of 
each year. 
 
Pages 244 to 310 
Pages 249 to 315 
 
(a) 
balance sheet; 
 
Pages 251-252 
Pages 256-257 
 
(b) 
income statement; 
 
Pages 249-250 
Pages 254-255 
 
(c) 
cash flow statement; and 
 
Pages 253-254 
Pages 258-259 
 
(d) 
accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
 
Pages 255 to 310 
Pages 263 to 315 
11.1.5  
Consolidated financial information 
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial statements in 
the registration document. 
 
Pages 244 to 310 
Pages 249 to 315 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
 
Pages 251-252 
Pages 256-257 
11.2 
Auditing 
of 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical annual financial information 
must be independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in accordance with 
Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014. 
 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 do not apply, the historical 
financial information must be audited or 
reported on as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration document, it 
 
Pages 244 to 248 
Pages 249 to 253

--- Page 31 ---
A50945294      
 
31 
Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation  
2023 Q1 
Press Release 
Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2022 
(page number of the 
document available on the 
weblink in (1) above) 
Document 
d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2021 
(page number of 
the document 
available on the 
weblink in (2) 
above) 
gives a true and fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable in a Member 
State or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, 
the following information must be included in 
the registration document: 
(a) 
a prominent statement disclosing 
which auditing standards have been applied; 
 
(b) an explanation of any significant 
departures from International Standards on 
Auditing. 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or 
group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
 
Pages 363-364 
 
SECTION 
12 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that 
are not entered into in the ordinary course of 
the issuer’s business, which could result in 
any group member being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to security 
holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
 
Pages 340 to 342, 362 
 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued with 
the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 36 to 69 
 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
above is for information purposes only.

--- Page 32 ---
A50945294      
 
32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to the Notes. In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification 
by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in the Terms and Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to 
all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
An agency agreement dated 30 May 2023 as amended or supplemented from time to time (the “Agency 
Agreement”) has been agreed between Worldline (the “Issuer”) and Société Générale as fiscal agent, paying 
agent, calculation agent and registration agent. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), 
the “Registration Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the 
“Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
• 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended; 
• 
“day” means a calendar day. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S) AND TITLE OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued by the Issuer either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), 
in either (x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in 
the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which 
shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined below), or (y) in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder in either administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France

--- Page 33 ---
A50945294      
 
33 
Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders or in fully registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained 
by the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, according to Article 
L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
depositary the identification information of the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form 
(au porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of 
incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such holders.  
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised 
form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date or such higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority 
or any applicable laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear 
France Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of

--- Page 34 ---
A50945294      
 
34 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the 
relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of 
any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and (iii) in 
the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been 
issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as a 
holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and 
procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, Euroclear France, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate; and capitalised terms have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term 
is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option 
by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes may not 
be exchanged for Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
A50945294      
 
35 
3. 
STATUS OF NOTES 
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons constitute direct, 
general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law), equally and 
rateably with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, present and future, of 
the Issuer. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes of the relevant Series or, if applicable, Coupons relating to them remain 
outstanding, the Issuer undertakes not to, and undertakes to procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries 
(as defined below) shall create any mortgage (hypothèque) over any real property assets or interests that 
it may or could possess, nor any pledge (nantissement) over all or part of its business (fonds de 
commerce), lien (gage) or pledge or other security interest (sûreté réelle) over all or part of its assets or 
income, present or future, for the benefit of holders of any present or future indebtedness for borrowed 
monies in the form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations) or other debt securities issued or guaranteed 
by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary that are to be, or are capable of being, quoted, listed on any 
stock exchange, regulated market, multilateral trading facility or another assimilated market or any over-
the-counter market or other securities market, unless the Notes are equally and rateably secured therewith. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary (as defined below) (i) whose external revenue represents 
at least 7.5 per cent. of the consolidated revenue of the Issuer or (ii) whose total net assets represent at 
least 7.5 per cent. of the consolidated net assets of the Issuer, calculated on the basis of the latest financial 
statements of the Subsidiary and the latest consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to 
the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided 
in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent as provided in 
Conditions 7(b) and 7(c) and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of 
Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or 
in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled 
as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer 
Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer 
Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised 
Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall 
have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of 
Noteholders and (y) to approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or 
are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding;

--- Page 36 ---
A50945294      
 
36 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or entity 
(whether or not now existing) controlled directly or indirectly by such person or entity within the 
meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce.  
5. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or a formula or a 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);  
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case; or

--- Page 37 ---
A50945294      
 
37 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, any other party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on or 
within the six months preceding the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, such public statement 
will not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior the date specified in the 
relevant public announcement on which the Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or prohibited. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system (the “T2”) is open for the settlement of payments in euro 
(a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day which is a TARGET Business Day 
and a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centres specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centre(s) so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” or “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF shall mean the 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number 
of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366.

--- Page 38 ---
A50945294      
 
38 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such 
period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). 
(iv) 
if “Actual/Actual - ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
- 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
- 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(v) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365. 
(vi) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360. 
(vii) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 39 ---
A50945294      
 
39 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and  
(viii) 
if “30/360-FBF” or “Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three 
hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-
FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the 1st day is neither the 30th nor 
the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of 31 days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is:  
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30, 31) 
then: 
1   x [(yy2- yy1) x 360 + (mm2- mm1) x 30 + (dd2- dd1)] 
360 
or 
1   x [(yy2- yy1) x 360 + (mm2- mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2, 30) - Min (dd1, 30)]; 
360 
(ix) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 40 ---
A50945294      
 
40 
(x) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(xi) 
if “30E/360-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator 
is the number of days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 
12 months of 30 days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number 
of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1   x [(yy2 – yy1) x 360 + (mm2- mm1) x 30 +Min (dd2, 30) - Min (dd1, 30)]. 
360 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from 
time to time. 
“FBF” means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2007 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions on Forward Financial Instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) published from time to time by the Fédération Bancaire Française (the “FBF”) (together, 
the “FBF Master Agreement”), as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 41 ---
A50945294      
 
41 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense 
under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
(2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling (and in such case only if the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA) or (iii) the day falling 
two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro and if the 
relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA or (iv) (where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms) the fifth London Business Day (or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) prior to the last day of each Interest Accrual Period.  
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices of 
four major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market in each case selected by the Calculation Agent 
with the prior approval of the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate).

--- Page 42 ---
A50945294      
 
42 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or 
any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the 
most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 43 ---
A50945294      
 
43 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the 
Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, 
the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of the 
Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent for a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux Variable), 
“Floating Rate Determination Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and 
“Transaction” (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 44 ---
A50945294      
 
44 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period or 
such other date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
(i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph 
5(c)(iii)(C)(a)(i) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)(a)(ii) applies and fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject 
as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, (i) if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, or (ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and  
(c) 
If sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)(b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 45 ---
A50945294      
 
45 
(Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market or, if 
otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the 
€STR rate of interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “€STR Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined could be either €STR Lookback Compound or 
€STR Shift Compound as follows: 
(a) 
 if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(b) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 46 ---
A50945294      
 
46 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the 
TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to 
the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to, and including, the last TARGET Business Day in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of days from, 
and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified in the 
Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 47 ---
A50945294      
 
47 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in 
the relevant Observation Period, the €STR in respect of that TARGET 
Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period to, and including, the last TARGET Business Day 
in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of days from (and including) such day “i” 
up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
TARGET Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of TARGET Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to 
€STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below). 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each 
relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were to 
the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET 
Business Day occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above (the “€STR Replacement 
Rate”), will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
A50945294      
 
48 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
(i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each 
relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest 
published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR; or (iii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB 
Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, as if the rate of €STR for 
each relevant TARGET Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR (though, in each 
case, substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(d), including any determination with respect to a rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance 
or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be 
made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes 
or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement 
Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms),

--- Page 49 ---
A50945294      
 
49 
and the €STR Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will 
be equal to the last €STR available, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
the central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms);

--- Page 50 ---
A50945294      
 
50 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the thirty 
(30) TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 
a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as 
provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET 
Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the

--- Page 51 ---
A50945294      
 
51 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of 
€STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms); 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR 
Benchmark, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be equal to the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date.  
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple SOFR 
Average, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR Index, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination”), as follows: 
(x) 
if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will 
be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for each day during the 
period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
and where the SOFR reference rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be 
used for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period Date. 
(y) 
if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily SOFR”) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR 
Benchmark will be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded average of daily SOFR 
reference rates for each day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period (where 
SOFR Lag, SOFR Payment Delay or SOFR Lockout is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily SOFR) or the

--- Page 52 ---
A50945294      
 
52 
SOFR Observation Period (where SOFR Observation Shift is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily 
SOFR). 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with one of the formulas referenced 
below depending upon which is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
SOFR Lag: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 −×𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference 
rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling the 
number of Lookback Days prior to that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i); 
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(ii) 
SOFR Observation Shift: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where:

--- Page 53 ---
A50945294      
 
53 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal to the SOFR reference 
rate for that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the 
number of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number 
of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each U.S. Government Securities Business Day from 
(and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(iii) 
SOFR Payment Delay: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate 
for that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of Interest Payment 
Delay Days following each Interest Period Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date, the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date; 
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of Business 
Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 54 ---
A50945294      
 
54 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
For the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period where SOFR Payment Delay is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR reference rate for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect 
of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
SOFR Lockout: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate 
for that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), except that the 
SOFR for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in respect 
of the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Interest Accrual Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect of such 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and

--- Page 55 ---
A50945294      
 
55 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for the 
purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service;  
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party responsible with appropriate expertise and international 
repute for the calculation of the rate of interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) in accordance with the following provision: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time as such 
reference rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=; or the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
(ii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the SOFR reference rate shall 
be the reference rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
or 
(iii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e) shall apply; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day. 
(z) 
if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR Index”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded average of daily 
SOFR reference rates for each day during the relevant SOFR Observation

--- Page 56 ---
A50945294      
 
56 
Period as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
follows: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index value as published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at the SOFR Index Determination Time on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, provided that: 
(a) if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall be calculated on 
any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, in accordance with the Compounded Daily SOFR formula 
described above in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e)(y)(ii) “SOFR 
Observation Shift”, and the term “SOFR Observation Shift Days” 
shall mean 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(b) if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(e)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the Interest 
Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date);  
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift 
Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 57 ---
A50945294      
 
57 
“dc” means the number of days in the applicable SOFR Observation Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the 
Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for purpose 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial expert with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, 
being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-
index), or any successor source; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the Benchmark 
Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(aa) 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), if the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will have the right 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.  
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii)

--- Page 58 ---
A50945294      
 
58 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith 
and in a commercial and reasonable manner or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the Benchmark 
Replacement will be SOFR determined as of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; provided that if the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the relevant Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, 
then 
“Benchmark” 
means 
the 
applicable 
Benchmark 
Replacement; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or

--- Page 59 ---
A50945294      
 
59 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative or has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally or with 
respect to the Notes; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof); and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of:  
(a) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof) giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted reference rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time; and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent giving due consideration to any industry-

--- Page 60 ---
A50945294      
 
60 
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof) with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at 
such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Alternate Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary acting in good faith and in a commercial manner); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of: 
(x) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; and  
(y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;

--- Page 61 ---
A50945294      
 
61 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR Benchmark, the SOFR 
Determination Time (where Simple SOFR Average or Compounded Daily 
SOFR is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or SOFR Index 
Determination Time (where Compounded SOFR Index is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not the 
SOFR Benchmark, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement” 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the 
SONIA rate of interest determination method, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate or SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows: 
(x) SONIA Compounded Index Rate: 
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, be the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(x): 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period 
(with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards,

--- Page 62 ---
A50945294      
 
62 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
 −1) ×  (365
𝑑) 
 
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not 
available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded 
IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Accrual Period on the basis of the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(y) 
as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had 
been specified in the relevant Final Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” 
shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms,  
Where: 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
(and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date 
which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole number 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Business Days) representing a number of 
London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the 
SONIA Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or 
any successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date 
falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Accrual 
Period, the Issue Date; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to 
(i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due and 
payable prior to the end of an Interest Accrual Period, the date on 
which the Notes become so due and payable; and

--- Page 63 ---
A50945294      
 
63 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any 
London Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index 
as published by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page 
on such London Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index cannot be obtained from such authorised 
distributors, as published on the Bank of England’s Website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA Compounded Index) on such London Business Day. 
(y) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate: 
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards, 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴i × ni
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the 
meanings set out under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(x); 
“d” is the number of days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 64 ---
A50945294      
 
64 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of days 
from and including such London Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i” where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” 
London Business Days prior to the relevant London Business 
Day “i” where Lag is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day as provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London 
Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
published by authorised distributors on such London Business Day 
or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from such authorised distributors, 
as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate). 
(z) Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms and either (i) the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of any London 
Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable, (or as otherwise 
provided in the relevant definition thereof), such Reference Rate shall be:  
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over 
the previous five days on which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, or

--- Page 65 ---
A50945294      
 
65 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in 
the relevant definition thereof) for the first preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa) If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(g) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the SARON, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the overnight interest rate of the 
secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:  
 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” means the number of days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 66 ---
A50945294      
 
66 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period to, and including, the last Zurich Banking Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of days from, and including, such day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling a number of 
Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the 
Administrator of SARON on the SARON Screen Page (as defined 
below) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
and 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day “i”. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the 
Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date.  
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SARON 
Screen Page”) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day and no SARON Index Cessation Event and no SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by 
the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the last 
preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
was published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON 
Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON

--- Page 67 ---
A50945294      
 
67 
shall be the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich 
Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one 
Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
SARON shall be the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB 
Policy Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the “SARON Replacement 
Rate”) will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g), if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no SARON 
Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), and the SARON Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period will be equal to the last SARON available on the SARON 
Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms).  
In connection with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g), the following definitions 
apply: 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; and 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of the definition thereof, the 
date on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the SARON;  
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (v) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) 
the date of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified in 
such statement or publication as the date on which the SARON will no 
longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described either in sub-paragraphs (iv) or (vi) of the definition thereof 
has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in sub-
paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph, the date as of which the SARON 
may no longer be used; and 
(iii) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraphs (iv) and (vi) of the definition thereof, the 
date as of which the SARON may no longer be used;

--- Page 68 ---
A50945294      
 
68 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the SARON ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the SARON Administrator that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the SARON permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the SARON); or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator, 
that the SARON has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator as 
a consequence of which the SARON will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of SARON 
Administrator that the SARON, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or that its calculation 
method has significantly changed; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
SARON; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the SARON Index 
Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
SARON, the discontinuation of the SARON, or the prohibition of use of the 
SARON, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied 
to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of 
fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a 
spread, formula or methodology as described in sup-paragraph (i) 
above, to be applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the SARON with such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner,

--- Page 69 ---
A50945294      
 
69 
and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income 
securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 
2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, 
the “SARON Recommending Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor 
thereto;  
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median between the 
SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on the 
date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than 
one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of 
such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of 
Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) (except in respect of Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)) and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as 
an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer will not take any 
discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation. In the absence of bad faith, 
manifest error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for determining the

--- Page 70 ---
A50945294      
 
70 
Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(a).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or any Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and 
the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable

--- Page 71 ---
A50945294      
 
71 
manner (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or such Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative of the Masse and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders and the Representative of the Masse of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agents a certificate signed by any authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the 
Independent Adviser (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) 
the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) 
where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined by the Independent Adviser in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Independent Adviser has confirmed the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents shall make such certificate available at their 
respective offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all reasonable times during 
normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 72 ---
A50945294      
 
72 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a), 
5(c)(iii)(D)(b), 5(c)(iii)(D)(c) and 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless 
and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
have 
been 
implemented 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then 
applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and ensure that the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were 
the Original Reference Rate. 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates 
based on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
terms), the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (E), “Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation 
to FBF Determination, the period of time specified in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in 
relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference 
Rate, and (c) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to 
the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount or, the Early Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal 
of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(e)(i)(B)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.

--- Page 73 ---
A50945294      
 
73 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum 
Rate of Interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any applicable Margin), shall be deemed 
to be 0.00 per cent. 
(iii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded 
up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of 
such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Early Redemption Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, 
or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(i), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each

--- Page 74 ---
A50945294      
 
74 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any 
change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15. 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal 
amount, except for Zero Coupon Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued (except 
with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange requirements.

--- Page 75 ---
A50945294      
 
75 
In addition, so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules 
of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a 
partial redemption of the Notes (whether at the option of the Issuer or of the Noteholders), cause to be 
published in a leading newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market is 
located or, so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and so long as the 
rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com), a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor 
more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole 
or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date or, if a Residual Maturity Call 
Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, prior to their Residual Maturity 
Redemption Date (the “Optional Redemption Date”) at their Optional Redemption Amount (as 
defined below).  
“Optional Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 6(c) an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and,  
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on such Notes until their Maturity Date or, if the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, until their Residual Maturity Redemption Date (not including 
any interest accrued on the Notes from, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Optional Redemption Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes (except with respect to Zero 
Coupon Notes) from, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, to, but excluding, 
the Optional Redemption Date. 
“Redemption Rate” means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the 
mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)).  
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be chosen by the Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the 
third (3rd) business day in Paris preceding the Optional Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 76 ---
A50945294      
 
76 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. The Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as an 
agent for the Issuer, the Couponholders or the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent (acting in such 
capacity) shall not have any relationship of agency or trust with, and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall not incur any liability against the Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying 
Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption, in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances and taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements on which the Notes are 
admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange requirements on which the Notes are admitted to trading.  
Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c) shall be deemed void and of no effect 
in relation to any Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the relevant 
Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to such Note in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) below. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) at its Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with interest accrued (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) to the date fixed for 
redemption including, where applicable, any arrears of interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a 
duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from any Paying 
Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall 
have attached to it such Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paris Paying Agent 
specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited 
or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(e) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Acquisition 
Call Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(f), 6(h), 
6(i), 6(j), 6(l) or Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below.

--- Page 77 ---
A50945294      
 
77 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount or the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(f), 6(h), 6(i), 6(j), 6(l) or 
Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is 
not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
or the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall 
have effect as though the date on which the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before 
judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(d). Where such calculation is to be made 
for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(f) or Condition 6(l), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(f) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of, French law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer, would 
on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay Additional 
Amounts as specified and defined under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its 
option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty 
(30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding or deduction for such taxes.

--- Page 78 ---
A50945294      
 
78 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, 
if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay Additional Amounts contained in Condition 8 
below, then the Issuer, shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes then outstanding at their Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest) on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if 
applicable, Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable 
laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the 
relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(h) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part 
or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole or in part, at the Early Redemption Amount which 
is their principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption 
(except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes), at any time as from the Residual Maturity Redemption 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms until the Maturity Date. 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if at 
least 75 per cent. or any percentage above, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (including any 
further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 14) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(j) 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event: If a Redemption following an Acquisition Event is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may, on giving promptly and in any event not more than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such 
Acquisition Event and not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days before the date set for 
redemption, irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders, subject to having 
also given notice to the Fiscal Agent, at its option, redeem the Notes of the relevant Series then 
outstanding at the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount in whole but not in part or, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in whole or in part, together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
set for redemption (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes). All Notes in respect of which any such 
notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(j), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred.

--- Page 79 ---
A50945294      
 
79 
For the purposes of this Condition, an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the 
Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), 
completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) 
has publicly announced that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled 
or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French law 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(m) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if, at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and within 
the Change of Control Period (as defined below), a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) occurs or 
has occurred as a result of such Change of Control (the “Put Event”), each Noteholder will have the 
option to require the Issuer to redeem, or procure purchase for, all of the Notes held by such Noteholder 
on the Put Date (as defined below) at the Early Redemption Amount which is their principal amount 
together with interest accrued up to but excluding such date of redemption or repurchase (except with 
respect to Zero Coupon Notes). Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change of Control”) shall 
operate as set out below. 
(A) 
“Change of Control” means the acquisition of Control of the Issuer by one or several 
individual(s) or legal entity or entities, acting alone or in concert, it being specified that, for 
the purpose of this definition, “Control” means holding (directly or indirectly, through 
companies themselves controlled by the relevant individual(s) or entities) (x) the majority of 
the voting rights attached to the shares of the Issuer or (y) more than 40 per cent. of the voting 
rights provided that no other shareholder(s) of the Issuer, acting alone or in concert, hold(s) 
(directly or indirectly, through companies themselves controlled by the relevant 
shareholder(s)) voting rights representing a percentage in excess of such percentage. 
For the purpose of this definition, “acting in concert” has the meaning given to it in Article 
L.233-10 of the French Code de commerce. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement by the Issuer of the relevant Change of Control and ending on the date which 
is ninety (90) days after the date of the first public announcement of the occurrence of the 
Change of Control.

--- Page 80 ---
A50945294      
 
80 
“Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control (a) 
if within the Change of Control Period the corporate credit rating previously assigned to the 
Issuer by any Rating Agency is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating 
(BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment 
grade rating (BB+/Ba 1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) if 
the corporate rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency was below an 
investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for 
example, from BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents) or (b) if, on the relevant 
announcement date, no corporate credit rating is assigned to the Issuer and, within the Change 
of Control Period, no Rating Agency assigns an investment grade rating to the Issuer (the 
“Non Investment Grade Rating”), provided that in both cases, a Rating Downgrade 
otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency withdrawing, 
making the change in rating or assigning the Non Investment Grade Rating does not publicly 
announce or confirm that the withdrawal, the reduction or the Non Investment Grade Rating 
was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result 
of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control or the announcement of the Change of 
Control by the Issuer.  
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing requested by the Issuer to grant a corporate credit rating to 
the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control has occurred the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Change of Control Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Change of Control, the circumstances giving rise to 
it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition. 
(B) 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes to be so 
redeemed or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly 
completed redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), 
in which such Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this paragraph, within the period (the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) days after a Change of 
Control Notice is given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Change 
of Control Notice to the Noteholders by close of business of the third (3rd) Business Day after 
the receipt of such notice from the Noteholder, in which case the Put Period will start from 
such third (3rd) Business Day and will end on the day falling forty-five (45) days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem, or 
procure purchase for, the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of Control 
has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the Notes, on the 
date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Date”). 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account specified in the 
Change of Control Put Notice. 
7. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to 
the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders

--- Page 81 ---
A50945294      
 
81 
for the benefit of the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered 
form) to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated 
by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. No payments in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall 
be made by transfer to an account in, or mailed to an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by U.S. law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
Registration Agent are initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of each 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act as independent experts and, in each case such, do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and 
the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form a Registration Agent, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major European 
city and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 82 ---
A50945294      
 
82 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where 
applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest 
corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Acquisition Call Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears 
of interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10) provided that, in respect of Notes listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, such exchange shall always take place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or 
of the Paying Agent, as a case may be. 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign

--- Page 83 ---
A50945294      
 
83 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centre(s)” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than 
euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which 
is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the Issuer, will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of 
the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in respect of Materialised 
Notes, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of arrears 
of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(g)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if 
earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in 
these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears 
of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition.

--- Page 84 ---
A50945294      
 
84 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11), acting on behalf of the Masse (as defined 
in Condition 11), by itself or upon request of any Noteholder may, upon written notice delivered to 
the Issuer, copied to the Fiscal Agent, cause all but not some only of the outstanding Notes to become 
immediately due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount which is their principal amount 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for early redemption (except with respect 
to Zero Coupon Notes), if any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) shall have 
occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay on the due date any amount in respect of any Notes and such default is not 
remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days as from such due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform any of its other obligations under the Conditions and such default is 
not remedied within thirty (30) Business Days (unless such default is not curable in which 
case such period shall not apply) as from the date of receipt by the Issuer (with copy to the 
Fiscal Agent) of written notice of such default given by the Representative of the Masse; 
(iii) a default on payment of any of the Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries in an amount equal to at least €60,000,000 (or the equivalent in any 
other currency), whether individually or in the aggregate, on the due date or at the end of any 
grace period, as applicable; or 
(iv) upon any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries being declared due and 
payable in an amount equal to at least €60,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
whether individually or in the aggregate, if such Indebtedness is not repaid or such early 
termination is not cancelled, on the day of receipt by the Issuer (with copy to the Fiscal 
Agent), of the written notice of such default given by Representative of the Masse; or 
(v) 
a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) or substantially the whole of the 
business of the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries or, to the extent permitted by law, 
the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings under any applicable laws or the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries 
makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or 
enters into a composition with its creditors as a whole. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Group” shall mean the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being. 
“Indebtedness” means any present or future debt (including in the context of financial lease (crédit 
bail) transactions) arising from the obligation to repay sums borrowed and which gave rise to a contract 
or any instrument whatsoever. For the avoidance of doubt, “Indebtedness” shall not include supplier 
credits and intra-Group loans.  
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them.

--- Page 85 ---
A50945294      
 
85 
11. 
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for 
the defence of their common interests in a masse (hereinafter referred to as the “Masse”). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception of 
Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1° (only in respect of the change of the corporate purpose of 
the Issuer or form of the Issuer into a société européenne) and 3° (only in the case of transfers of assets 
of the Issuer to any of its fully consolidated subsidiary within the Group), R.228-67, R.228-69 and 
R.228-72 thereof, and by the conditions set out below, provided that notices calling a general meeting 
of the Noteholders (a “General Meeting”) and the resolutions passed at any General Meeting and any 
other decision to be published pursuant to French legal and regulatory provisions will be published 
only as provided under Condition 15 below: 
(a) 
Legal Personality  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity, by virtue of Article L.228-46 of the French Code de 
commerce acting in part through a representative (the “Representative” or the “Representative of 
the Masse”) and in part through a General Meeting. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights 
action and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative  
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of dissolution, death, liquidation, retirement, incompatibility, resignation or revocation of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. A replacement may 
be elected by the General Meeting. 
Any appointment or change of the Representative in accordance with this paragraph will be notified 
to the Noteholders and the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the primary business office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.

--- Page 86 ---
A50945294      
 
86 
(d) 
General Meeting  
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal 
amount of the Notes of all Tranches of the same Series outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting, together with the proposed agenda 
for such General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in 
Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place, agenda and quorum requirements of any meeting of a General Meeting 
shall be published as provided under the French Code de commerce. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, correspondence, 
or, if the statuts of the Issuer so specify, videoconference or any other means of telecommunications 
allowing the identification of the participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article 
R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce which shall apply, the right of 
each Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
(e) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and its alternate and also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the 
common rights, actions and benefits of the Noteholders which now or in the future may accrue, 
including authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant in the name and on 
behalf of the Noteholders. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert the Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least a fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a two-third majority 
of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 “outstanding” shall not include those Notes 
purchased by the Issuer under Condition 6(g) above that are held by it and not cancelled. 
(f) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to 
seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders of such Series by way of a resolution in writing (a 
“Written Resolution”). Subject to the following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in 
one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders of such Series. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de

--- Page 87 ---
A50945294      
 
87 
commerce approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication 
allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”).  
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifty (15) days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date.  
A Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if, on first notice, (i) Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at least one fifth of 
the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval hold 
at least 66.33 per cent. of such quorum. 
If such quorum is not met, a Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if, on second 
notice, Noteholders expressing their approval represent at least 66.33 per cent. of principal amount of 
the Notes held by Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written 
Resolution. 
(g) 
Information of Noteholders  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right, during the 15-days period preceding the 
holding of each General Meeting on first convocation or the Written Resolution Date and, during the 
10-days period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation, to consult or 
make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be 
presented at the meeting, which will be available for inspection at the principal office of the Issuer, at 
the offices of the Fiscal Agent and at any other place specified in the notice of meeting. 
(h) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° (only in respect of the change of the corporate purpose of the 
Issuer or form of the Issuer into a société européenne) and 3° (only in the case of transfers of assets of 
the Issuer to any of its fully consolidated subsidiary within the Group) of the French Code de commerce 
(respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any 
change of the corporate purpose of the Issuer or form of the Issuer into a société européenne or (ii) of 
any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-13 and L.236-
18 of the French Code de commerce (only in the case of transfers of assets of the Issuer to any of its 
fully consolidated subsidiary within the Group) and the related provisions of the French Code de 
commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Expenses  
The Issuer will pay all expenses incurred in the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of General Meetings, seeking the approval of a Written Resolution and the 
expenses which arise by virtue of the remuneration of the Representative, and more generally all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by a General Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no 
expenses may be imputed against interest payable on the Notes. 
(j) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for

--- Page 88 ---
A50945294      
 
88 
the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all such Series. 
(k) 
Notices of decisions  
Decisions of the General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved shall be published in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 15 not more than ninety (90) days from the date 
thereof. 
(l) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application 
of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any 
Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
12. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES  
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and issue further 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry 
rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for their principal amount, issue date, 
issue price and first payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation 
and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
15. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permits, on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or (c) on the website of

--- Page 89 ---
A50945294      
 
89 
the Issuer and, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or other stock 
exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market 
of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published (i) so long as such Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permits, on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), or (ii) in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (iii) on the website of the Issuer 
and, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or other stock exchange 
and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation (i) in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) or other stock 
exchange(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other 
competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to 
trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 15. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to the operations of which the Notes are 
admitted in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Condition 15(a), (b) 
and (c) above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, notices shall also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), or (ii) so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published on the website of such stock 
exchange or in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market 
or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are admitted to trading is located. The Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely upon notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
depositary or custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable 
to anyone for such reliance.  
(e) 
Notices given pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice (i) to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, (ii) 
on the website of the Issuer (www.worldline.com) and (iii) so long as such Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). For the avoidance of doubt, 
Conditions 15(a), (b), (c) and (d) shall not apply to such notices.

--- Page 90 ---
A50945294      
 
90 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) shall be governed 
by the laws of France. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: For the benefit of the Noteholders, Couponholders or Talons’ holders, the Issuer submits 
to jurisdiction of the competent courts within the jurisdiction of the Cour d’Appel of Paris.

--- Page 91 ---
A50945294      
 
91 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free 
of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(1) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see section 
“Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(2) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global 
Certificate so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements in, or 
substantially in, the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the next day succeeding the day that 
is forty (40) days after its issue date.

--- Page 92 ---
A50945294      
 
92 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes. If in respect 
of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds for 
acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms will also state the potential use for general corporate purposes if the 
Acquisition Event occurs but the Issuer elects not to use the Redemption following an Acquisition Event.

--- Page 93 ---
A50945294      
 
93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
For a general description of the Issuer, its activities and its financial conditions, please refer to the cross-
reference table appearing in section “Documents incorporated by Reference” on pages 27 to 31 of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 94 ---
A50945294      
 
94 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
On 28 March 2023, the Issuer published the following press release: 
 
"Worldline completed the acquisition of Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities 
 
Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partner 
 
Paris, La Défense, March 28, 2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN], a global leader in payment services, 
announces having completed the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the set-up of 
a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s 
payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy. 
Banco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a 
network of more than 280 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire, operate and 
develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants 
generating c. 40 million transactions per year, representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the 
marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network. 
Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities will be combined within Worldline’s MS Italy joint venture created 
following the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 owned at 80% by Worldline. As part of the transaction, 
Worldline also enters a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong 
banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product 
and services to merchants. 
 
Key items of the transaction 
 
• 
Worldline to acquire Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italia joint 
venture for a price of € 80 million corresponding to Worldline ownership in the JV; 
• 
Additional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in 
the coming years; 
• 
OMDA margin expected above 30% at closing. 
  
Forthcoming event 
 
• 
April 26, 2023             Q1 2023 revenue 
• 
June 8, 2023              Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 
• 
July 26, 2023              H1 2023 results 
• 
October 25, 2023       Q3 2023 revenue 
  
Contacts 
 
Investor Relations 
 
• 
Laurent Marie 
• 
+33 7 84 50 18 90 
• 
laurent.marie@worldline.com 
  
• 
Benoit d’Amécourt 
• 
+33 6 75 51 41 47 
• 
benoit.damecourt@worldline.com 
  
Communication 
 
• 
Sandrine van der Ghinst

--- Page 95 ---
A50945294      
 
95 
• 
+32 499 585 380 
• 
sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.com 
  
• 
Hélène Carlander 
• 
+33 7 72 25 96 04 
• 
helene.carlander@worldline.com 
  
About Worldline 
Worldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for 
merchants, banks and acquirers. Powered by 18,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Worldline provides 
its clients with sustainable, trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by 
Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring, highly secure payment transaction processing and 
numerous digital services. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.com 
Worldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and 
transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our 
societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly, widely accessible, and supports social 
transformation. 
  
Disclaimer 
This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including references, 
concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the 
expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to 
factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated, such as market conditions or 
competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about 
Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include 
statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans, objectives, strategies, goals, future events, future revenues or 
synergies, or performance, and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may 
differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described 
within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) 
on April 25, 2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29, 2022 under the 
filling number: D. 21-0342-A01. 
 
Worldline does not undertake, and specifically disclaims, any obligation or responsibility to update or amend 
any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. 
 
This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase, or 
a solicitation of an offer to sell, any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not 
be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state, or are exempt from registration. 
The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering 
of any such securities in the United States." 
 
 
On 19 April 2023, the Issuer published the following press release: 
 
"Crédit Agricole and Worldline enter into exclusive discussions to create a major player in merchant 
services in France 
 
A unique alliance to create a major payments player in the largest Continental Europe payment market 
of c.€ 700 billion Merchant Sales Value (“MSV”) 
 
Strategic long-term partnership between the leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group and

--- Page 96 ---
A50945294      
 
96 
Worldline 
 
Contemplated creation of a joint company fully operational by 2025 combining Crédit Agricole’s 
merchant acquiring footprint, French market intimacy and distribution power with Worldline’s leading 
innovation, technology and global infrastructure 
  
Paris, La Défense, April 19, 2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN], a global leader in payment services, and 
Crédit Agricole SA [Euronext: ACA], announced today the signing of a non-binding exclusive 
agreement regarding a strategic partnership to create a major player in the French payment market. 
 
Gilles Grapinet, CEO of Worldline, said: “The contemplated strategic alliance we announce today between 
Worldline and Crédit Agricole is a landmark transaction for the Group. I am very proud that Worldline has been 
selected by Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities, 
with the joint ambition to create a player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France. 
The perfect fit of Worldline’s state-of-the-art products, technology and services at scale combined with Crédit 
Agricole Group unique distribution network and acquiring market leadership would be a key differentiating 
factor 
for 
our 
customers. 
 
For Worldline, this is a unique opportunity to further expand our footprint and to achieve scale within a few 
years on the largest continental European acquiring market. Through this strategic partnership, Worldline 
would also benefit from additional specific French market offerings while we intend to invest together with 
Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge 
global 
value 
proposition. 
 
Structured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities, commercial footprint 
and distribution capabilities to a joint company, this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance 
sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.” 
 
Jean-Paul Mazoyer, Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology, Digital 
and Payments, commented: “Payments are a cornerstone of the relationship with our customers, hence a 
strategic business for the Credit Agricole Group. The partnership with Worldline would allow us to strengthen 
our market leadership in France for merchant payment solutions and fully aligns with Credit Agricole’s 2025 
ambitions to outperform the market growth by 2x on merchant payments solutions. Worldline is a French and 
European leader in in-store and online acceptance and a prominent payments processor in Europe. 
 
Worldline is already a trusted partner of the Credit Agricole Group and, through this deepened strategic 
partnership, we would jointly develop comprehensive services for French merchants on the whole merchant 
services value chain (acceptance and acquiring) which is a fast-moving and critical area to their business. This 
integrated mastery would allow us to equip merchants with innovative all-in-one offers that integrate natively 
in their ecosystem and provide value added business services.” 
  
Attractive and evolving French payment market 
 
France is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. France is the 2nd largest economy in Continental 
Europe, enjoying robust economic performance, sustained by consistent policy frameworks and strong 
institutions, as well as an attractive investment environment. 
 
The French payment industry shows solid dynamics with a sizable and growing addressable market and a 
high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. With aggregated Merchant 
Sales Value (MSV) of c.€ 700 billion, the French payment market is by far the largest payment market in 
Continental Europe. 
 
With cash penetration still high, at c.40% of payment volumes, the French market offers an attractive growth

--- Page 97 ---
A50945294      
 
97 
opportunity driven by the secular shift from cash to card and by continued demand for innovation. Combined 
with French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme and its strong and resilient market share capturing c.80% of 
card transactions volumes, these market trends make France a particularly attractive country in the broader 
European context. 
 
The contemplated alliance between Crédit Agricole and Worldline is a unique opportunity for both companies 
to significantly expand their merchant services activities in this high-potential market. 
 
A partnership to create a major player in the French market 
 
Leveraging the strengths of the two companies, the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art 
combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of 
evolving merchant needs, whether local or global. It would be fueled by: 
 
• 
Worldline’s vertical expertise embedded into strong instore and online capabilities to serve merchants 
at scale thanks to its global solutions, platforms and payment applications, and; 
• 
Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks through the 39 Crédit Agricole ‘s Regional Banks and 
LCL bank, combining a deep French market presence with more than 16,000 banking advisors for 
enterprises[1] and local knowledge in merchants acquiring. 
  
The partnership would be ensured by the set-up of a fully licensed joint-company between Crédit Agricole and 
Worldline. The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully 
consolidated by Worldline. It would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global European processing 
platforms and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company 
would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance, both directly for largest merchants in 
particular, and by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels. 
 
The contemplated joint-company would offer to the key accounts in France a full-service offering leveraging 
Worldline’s global acceptance and acquiring platform, including the domestic “Cartes Bancaires” scheme. In 
parallel, Worldline would be able to offer to its international merchants an access to the domestic scheme, 
further expanding its broad range of payment schemes. 
 
With respect to SMBs, this planned combination would also bring to merchants, whatever their size or location, 
deep access to an enriched offering of payment brands and means, and value-added services covering all 
their needs, from mobile acceptance devices to more traditional Point-of-Sales (POS: Point Of Sale) solutions 
for seamless payment experience, ultimately improving merchant experience and consumer purchasing 
journeys. 
 
These new all-in-one solutions combining instore and online capabilities at large and local scale to serve 
French merchants and consumers in the best way, coupled with the power of Crédit Agricole’s distribution 
network, would be a key differentiating factor to create a payments major player in France. 
  
Key steps of the partnership implementation 
 
The contemplated operation remains subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to corporate 
authorizations and customary regulatory approval: 
• 
2023-2024: Joint investment phase of € 80 million equally financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole 
for the product and offering design, and joint company implementation 
• 
2025 onwards: Full implementation of the joint company starting to generate revenues and OMDA. 
  
Contacts 
 
Investor Relations Worldline

--- Page 98 ---
A50945294      
 
98 
 
• 
Laurent Marie 
• 
+33 7 84 50 18 90 
• 
laurent.marie@worldline.com 
  
• 
Benoit d’Amécourt 
• 
+33 6 75 51 41 47 
• 
benoit.damecourt@worldline.com 
  
Communication Worldline 
 
• 
Sandrine van der Ghinst 
• 
+32 499 585 380 
• 
sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.com 
• 
 
• 
Hélène Carlander 
• 
+33 7 72 25 96 04 
• 
helene.carlander@worldline.com 
  
Investor Relations Crédit Agricole SA 
 
Institutional shareholders 
+ 33 1 43 23 04 31 
investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Individual shareholders 
+ 
33 
800 
000 777 
(freephone 
number 
– 
France only) 
relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com  
  
  
  
Clotilde L’Angevin 
+ 33 1 43 23 32 45 
clotilde.langevin@credit-agricole-sa.fr  
  
Equity investors: 
  
  
Jean-Yann Asseraf 
Fethi Azzoug 
+ 33 1 57 72 23 81 
+ 33 1 57 72 03 75 
jean-yann.asseraf@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
fethi.azzoug@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Joséphine Brouard 
+ 33 1 43 23 48 33 
joséphine.brouard@credit-agricole-sa.fr  
Oriane Cante 
+ 33 1 43 23 03 07 
oriane.cante@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Nicolas Ianna 
+ 33 1 43 23 55 51 
nicolas.ianna@credit-agricole-sa.fr

--- Page 99 ---
A50945294      
 
99 
Leila Mamou 
+ 33 1 57 72 07 93 
leila.mamou@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Anna Pigoulevski 
+ 33 1 43 23 40 59 
anna.pigoulevski@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Annabelle Wiriath 
+ 33 1 43 23 55 52 
annabelle.wiriath@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
  
  
  
Credit investors and rating agencies: 
  
Caroline Crépin 
+ 33 1 43 23 83 65 
caroline.crepin@credit-agricole-sa.fr  
Rhita Alami Hassani 
+ 33 1 43 23 15 27 
rhita.alamihassani@credit-agricole-sa.fr  
Florence Quintin de Kercadio 
+ 33 1 43 23 25 32 
florence.quintindekercadio@credit-agricole-sa.fr  
  
Communication Crédit Agricole 
Alexandre Barat              + 33 1 57 72 12 19     alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Olivier Tassain                + 33 1 43 23 25 41      olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Mathilde Durand             + 33 1 57 72 19 43      mathilde.durand@credit-agricole-sa.fr 
Bénédicte Gouvert         +33 1 49 53 43 64      benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.fr 
  
About Worldline 
Worldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – 
quickly, simply, and securely. With advanced payments technology, local expertise and solutions customised 
for hundreds of markets and industries, Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around 
the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.com 
Worldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and 
transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our 
societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly, widely accessible, and supports social 
transformation. 
  
About Crédit Agricole Group 
The Crédit Agricole Group is the leading partner of the French economy and one of the largest banking groups 
in Europe. It is the leading retail bank in Europe as well as the first European asset manager, the first 
bancassurer in Europe and the third European player in project finance. 
Built on its strong cooperative and mutual roots, its 145,000 employees and the 27,000 directors of its Local 
and Regional Banks, the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and responsive bank serving 53 million 
customers, 11,5 million mutual shareholders and 800,000 individual shareholders. 
Thanks to its universal customer-focused retail banking model – based on the cooperation between its retail 
banks and their r elated business lines –, the Crédit Agricole Group supports its customers’ projects in France 
and around the world: day-to-day banking, home loans, consumer finance, savings, insurances, asset

--- Page 100 ---
A50945294      
 
100 
management, real estate, leasing and factoring, and corporate and investment banking. 
Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic, innovative corporate social responsibility policy, for the benefit 
of the economy. This policy is based on a pragmatic approach which permeates across the Group and engages 
each employee. 
  
Disclaimer Worldline 
This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including references, 
concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the 
expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to 
factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated, such as market conditions or 
competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about 
Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include 
statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans, objectives, strategies, goals, future events, future revenues or 
synergies, or performance, and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may 
differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described 
within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) 
on April 25, 2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29, 2022 under the 
filling number: D. 21-0342-A01. 
 
Worldline does not undertake, and specifically disclaims, any obligation or responsibility to update or amend 
any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. 
 
This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase, or 
a solicitation of an offer to sell, any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not 
be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state, or are exempt from registration. 
The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering 
of any such securities in the United States. 
 
[1] Pro/SME/Agri/Flux" 
 
 
On 17 May 2023, the Issuer published the following press release: 
 
" Worldline announces the results of the tender offer on its bonds due September 2024 
 
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO, OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED 
OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS 
UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE, PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. 
 
Paris La Défense, 17 May 2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN], a global leader in payment services, today 
announces the results of the tender offer on its bonds due in September 2024. 
 
Worldline announces today the results of the tender offer (the “Tender Offer”) on its € 600,000,000 1.625% 
bonds due September 2024 (ISIN: FR0013281946) issued in 2017 (the “Series A Bonds”) and on its 
€ 500,000,000 0.25% bonds due September 2024 (ISIN: FR0013448032) issued in 2019 (the “Series B Bonds” 
and together with the Series B Bonds, the "Bonds"). The Bonds are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
 
The nominal amount validly tendered and accepted for purchase by Worldline in connection with the Tender 
Offer amounted to € 385,600,000 and is split as follows: 
 
• 
€ 245,300,000 of the Series A Bonds at a purchase price of 97.656% plus 1.117% accrued interest,

--- Page 101 ---
A50945294      
 
101 
of which € 354,700,000 will remain outstanding after cancellation of the repurchased Bonds, and; 
• 
€ 140,300,000 of the Series B Bonds at a purchase price of 95.891% plus 0.168% accrued interest, 
of which € 359,700,000 will remain outstanding after cancellation of the repurchased Bonds. 
 
The settlement date for the Tender Offer is expected to be 22 May 2023. The Bonds redeemed will be 
cancelled. 
 
HSBC 
and 
Natixis 
acted 
as 
Dealer 
Managers. 
  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to repurchase the Bonds or 
an invitation to sell the Bonds, or an invitation to participate in such an offer to repurchase in, or from, any 
country in or from which, or from or to any person to whom, such invitation is prohibited by applicable laws and 
regulations. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may be restricted by law and/or be subject 
to specific regulations. No steps have been or will be taken to comply with any registration, approval or other 
requirement under the laws of any jurisdiction. Persons in possession of this document are required to inform 
themselves 
and 
to 
comply 
with 
all 
applicable 
legal 
and 
regulatory 
restrictions. 
  
Forthcoming events 
 
• 
June 8, 2023                     Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 
• 
July 26, 2023                    H1 2023 results 
• 
October 25, 2023             Q3 2023 revenue 
  
About Worldline 
Worldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – 
quickly, simply, and securely. With advanced payments technology, local expertise and solutions customised 
for hundreds of markets and industries, Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around 
the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.com 
Worldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and 
transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our 
societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly, widely accessible, and supports social 
transformation. 
  
Investor Relations  
 
• 
Laurent Marie 
• 
+33 7 84 50 18 90 
• 
laurent.marie@worldline.com 
  
• 
Benoit d’Amécourt 
• 
+33 6 75 51 41 47 
• 
benoit.damecourt@worldline.com 
  
Communication  
 
• 
Sandrine van der Ghinst 
• 
+32 499 585 380 
• 
sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.com 
 
• 
Hélène Carlander 
• 
+33 7 72 25 96 04

--- Page 102 ---
A50945294      
 
102 
• 
helene.carlander@worldline.com 
 
Disclaimer 
This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including references, 
concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the 
expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to 
factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated, such as market conditions or 
competitors’ behaviours. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about 
Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include 
statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans, objectives, strategies, goals, future events, future revenues or 
synergies, or performance, and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may 
differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described 
within the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) 
on April 28, 2023 under the filling number: D.23-0371. 
 
Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement 
are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain 
circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear 
in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s 
accounting standards. 
 
Worldline does not undertake, and specifically disclaims, any obligation or responsibility to update or amend 
any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 
This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase, or 
a solicitation of an offer to sell, any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not 
be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state, or are exempt from registration. 
The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering 
of any such securities in the United States."

--- Page 103 ---
A50945294      
 
103 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 30 May 2023 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arrangers, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to issue Notes directly 
on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be placed by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two 
or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State 
at any time in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID 
II”); or 
(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
(ii) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below.

--- Page 104 ---
A50945294      
 
104 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer 
or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or, in the case 
of Materialised Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, 
in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche as determined, and certified to the Fiscal Agent by the relevant Dealer, or in the case of Notes issued 
on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional

--- Page 105 ---
A50945294      
 
105 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 106 ---
A50945294      
 
106 
 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of 
the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, 
ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 107 ---
A50945294      
 
107 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set 
out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable enquiries, comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and neither the Issuer, 
nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France and the United States. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 108 ---
A50945294      
 
108 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[3MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 20184, has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market 5 ] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
 
1  Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part B below. 
2  Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B below. Include 
legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to UK retail investors, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B below.  
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
4  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023. 
5  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients 
which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested."

--- Page 109 ---
A50945294      
 
109 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[6UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 20187 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market8] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]9 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]10 
 
6  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
7  Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023. 
8  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients 
which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].” 
9  The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or 
the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
10  For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 110 ---
A50945294      
 
110 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
 
Worldline 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300CJMQNCA0U4TS33 
(the “Issuer”) 
 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Under the 
Euro 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 111 ---
A50945294      
 
111 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 30 May 2023 which has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur 
financier (the “CSSF”) on 30 May 2023 [and the supplement to it dated [●] which has been approved by the 
CSSF on [●]] 11  which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it] [is] [are]] available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the Issuer’s website (www.worldline.com).  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the 2020 EMTN Conditions. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 May 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base 
Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the 2020 EMTN Conditions. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it] [is] [are]] available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the Issuer’s website (www.worldline.com).[Include 
whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
 
1. (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form a 
single series with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the 
“Existing Notes”) as from the date of assimilation 
which is expected to be on or about forty (40) days 
after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation Date”).] / [●]] 
2. Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
 
11  Delete if no supplement is published.

--- Page 112 ---
A50945294      
 
112 
4. Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)]  
5. Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] (one denomination only for the Dematerialised 
Notes) 
6. (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. Maturity Date: 
[●][specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
8. Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
9. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount.]  
10. Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs where applicable] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Redemption following an Acquisition Event] 
[Put Option] 
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated/Senior 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)

--- Page 113 ---
A50945294      
 
113 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][In 
respect 
of 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) [●] to 
(but excluding) [●]: Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”] / not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in nominal amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA)/ Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][In 
respect 
of 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) [●] to 
(but excluding) [●]: Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●], in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [●] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention]

--- Page 114 ---
A50945294      
 
114 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●] specify/Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR Benchmark/SONIA 
(or any other reference rate)] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●] / The date which is [“p”] [London] Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date 12 /[TARGET] 
Business Days in [specify city] for [specify currency] 
prior to [the first day in each Interest [Accrual] 
Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
 
− 
[Relevant 
Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[●]] 
 
− 
[Reference Screen Page 
Time: 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR Benchmark, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
[Relevant 
Fallback 
Screen Page: 
[●]] 
(In the case of SONIA only) 
 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[[●] specify four/Not applicable] 
 
− 
[€STR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
− 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[Simple SOFR Average/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Compounded SOFR Index]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Benchmark) 
 
− 
[SONIA 
Rate 
of 
Interest Determination: 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate/SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift] / [with Lag] 
where “p” is: [specify number] London Business Days [being 
no less than [●] London Business Days]] 
 
12  Use this first option for SONIA notes. The Interest Determination Date should match the last day of the Observation Period.

--- Page 115 ---
A50945294      
 
115 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
− 
[Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[●]TARGET Business Days] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
− 
[Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
 
[[●] / TARGET Business Days/Zurich Banking Day(s)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR or SARON) 
 
− 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR: 
 
[SOFR lag/SOFR Observation Shift/SOFR Payment 
Delay/SOFR Lockout]] 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
− 
[Lookback Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag) 
 
− 
[SOFR 
Observation 
Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation Shift or 
Compounded SOFR Index) 
 
− 
[Interest Payment Delay 
Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay) 
 
− 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period]] 
(only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Payment Delay or 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Lockout) 
 
− 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR Index) 
 
− 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR Index) 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date: 
[●]

--- Page 116 ---
A50945294      
 
116 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:13 
[0.00 per cent.] / [[●] per cent. per annum (such rate to 
be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360-(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
(xvii) Rate Multiplier: 
[●] 
15. Zero Coupon Notes provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield 
(Condition 6(e)(i)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360-(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
13  In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 117 ---
A50945294      
 
117 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination]14 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[●] 
 
(B) 
Maximum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period:15 
[●] 
17. Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period16:  
[●] 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
(i) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Similar Security: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
(iv) 
[Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due under Condition 
6(c) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●]] 
 
14  Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
15  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
16  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 118 ---
A50945294      
 
118 
18. Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable: [In whole but not in part]/[In whole or in 
part]]/ [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
Residual Maturity Redemption Date: 
[●] 
19. Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Clean-Up Percentage: 
[75/[●]] per cent. 
20. Redemption following an Acquisition 
Event: 
[Applicable: [In whole but not in part]/[In whole or in 
part]] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
21. Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination]17 
(iii) 
Notice period18: 
[●] 
22. Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Final Redemption Amount of each Note: [●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
24. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(f)), for illegality 
(Condition 6(l)), on event of 
default (Condition 9) [or under 
the clean-up call (Condition 
6(i))]: 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
 
17  Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
18  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 119 ---
A50945294      
 
119 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days others than 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
(Condition 6(f)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
(Materialised 
Bearer 
Notes 
only) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and may 
only be issued outside France). 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether bearer dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/administered 
registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré)/fully 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name 
and details] (note that a registration agent must be 
appointed in relation to fully registered dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
on [●] (the “Exchange Date”), being forty (40) days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as specified 
in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes) 
26. Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.] (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which items 14(ii) and 15(ii) relate) 
27. Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. (If yes, give details)] 
28. [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
information 
of 
Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) is contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
29. [Exclusion of the possibility of holding 
and reselling purchased Notes in 
accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations (Condition 6(g)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and reselling 
purchased Notes in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations in accordance with Condition 6(g) is 
contemplated, delete this paragraph)]

--- Page 120 ---
A50945294      
 
120 
30. Representation of holders of Notes 
(Condition 11): 
Masse 
[Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]]. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
A50945294      
 
121 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Admission to Trading 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify relevant 
regulated market] [and to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect 
from [●].] / [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already admitted to trading on [●] as from [its/their 
respective] issue date.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated] / [The Notes to be 
issued [are expected to be/have been] rated: 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”): [●]] 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [S&P][ insert name of 
relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] established in the 
European 
Union, 
[is][are] 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) [and 
[is][are] included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk)].] 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not 
registered under Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] 
of the Notes issued by [[insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [is/are] endorsed by [insert name of relevant 
UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As 
such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name of relevant 
EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in 
the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 122 ---
A50945294      
 
122 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for the fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business” 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests))] 
4. 
Reasons for the offer and Estimated Net Proceeds  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from the 
“Use of Proceeds” of the Base Prospectus will need 
to include those reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
  
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[Indication of yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 123 ---
A50945294      
 
123 
6. 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
only 
- 
Information on Floating Rate Notes 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR Benchmark/SARON/SONIA/replicate other 
as specified in the Terms and Conditions] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters / give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”).] 
7. 
Operational Information 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries: 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the 
rate of [●] producing a sum of: 
[●] 
8. 
Distribution 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names of Managers]

--- Page 124 ---
A50945294      
 
124 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, a 
“packaged” product shall designate a “packaged 
retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 November 2014 an investment, where, regardless 
of the legal form of the investment, the amount 
repayable to the retail investor is subject to 
fluctuations because of exposure to reference values 
or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor.) 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, a 
“packaged” product shall designate a “packaged 
retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 November 2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal 
Agreement, an investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the amount repayable to 
the retail investor is subject to fluctuations because 
of exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.)

--- Page 125 ---
A50945294      
 
125 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application 
may be made (i) to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other 
Member State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in such Member State. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made for the 
notification of certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme.  
Pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce, any issue of Notes under the 
Programme will be authorised by a resolution of the Conseil d’administration (Board of Directors) of 
the Issuer which may delegate its powers within one year from the date of such authorisation to any 
person of its choice. For this purpose, the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer, on 25 April 2023, 
delegated its powers to issue up to €1,000,000,000 of notes to, among others, the Directeur Général 
of the Issuer for a period of one year as from 25 April 2023. 
(3) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2022. 
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
or the Group since 31 March 2023. 
(5) 
Except as disclosed in page 31 of this Base Prospectus, there has been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of approval 
of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the 
Issuer’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
(6) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification number, in relation to the Notes of each 
Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any 
other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(7) 
For so long as any Notes may be issued under the Programme or are outstanding, the following 
documents will be available (i) during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and 
public holidays excepted), free of charge, for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents (with respect to the documents referred to in item (2) and (3) only) and (ii) on the website of 
the Issuer (www.worldline.com) (provided that the documents referred to in items (2) and (3) below 
will remain available in electronic form for at least 10 years from the date of this Base Prospectus on 
the website of the Issuer):

--- Page 126 ---
A50945294      
 
126 
(1) 
the up-to-date articles of association (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(2) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or any other Regulated Market in the EEA or on any other stock exchange (save that Final 
Terms relating to Notes which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (ii) nor admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding and identity); 
(3) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
restated Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference; and 
(4) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any 
expert, any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus in respect of each 
issue of Notes.  
In addition, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the following documents will be available 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com): 
(1) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
any other Regulated Market in the EEA; 
(2) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; and 
(3) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
(8) 
The website of the Issuer is “www.worldline.com”. Any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus 
are for information purposes only and the information on such websites does not form any part of this 
Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
(9) 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche (as defined in section “General 
Description of the Programme”) of Notes, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) will undertake any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(10) 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte & Associés and Grant Thornton, who have audited the 
Issuer’s consolidated accounts in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in France for 
each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 2022. The auditors are independent 
statutory auditors with respect to the Issuer as required by the laws of France and under the applicable 
rules of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes. Their audit reports on these 
accounts were issued with unqualified opinions. Deloitte & Associés and Grant Thornton are members 
of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes of Versailles.

--- Page 127 ---
A50945294      
 
127 
(11) 
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL 
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE 
NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS 
AVAILABLE.” 
(12) 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will bear 
the following legend: “ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS NOTE WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
(13) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(14) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR which 
is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) or other Reference Rates as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EMMI appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). The relevant Final Terms in respect of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant 
benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register 
referred to above. 
(15) 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that are forward-looking 
including statements with respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of 
operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, 
information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or 
that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance 
on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking 
statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Delegated Regulation. 
(16) 
The long-term debt rating of the Issuer by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) is BBB 
(stable outlook). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as the date of this Base Prospectus and 
in accordance with such regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is 
not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating of 
S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and has not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit

--- Page 128 ---
A50945294      
 
128 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
relevant rating organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, change, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
(17) 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is: 549300CJMQNCA0U4TS33.

--- Page 129 ---
A50945294      
 
129 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
On 30 May 2023 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in the base prospectus. The Issuer accepts responsibility 
for the information contained in the Final Terms in respect of any issue of Notes. 
Worldline 
Tour Voltaire 
1 Place des Degrés 
92800 Puteaux 
France  
 
 
 
 
Duly represented by: 
Gilles Grapinet, Directeur Général of the Issuer

--- Page 130 ---
A50945294      
 
130 
Issuer 
Worldline 
Tour Voltaire 
1 Place des Degrés 
92800 Puteaux 
France 
Arrangers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
Dealers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent  
 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 44308 Nantes CEDEX 3 
France 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Auditors  
Grant Thornton 
Deloitte & Associés 
29, rue du Pont 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
As to French law 
As to French law 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
Linklaters LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France