--- Page 1 ---
i
Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2024
Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG
(incorporated and registered in Switzerland, with 
registered number CHE- 224.432.590) LEI: 529900WIXTJRV6RK4G26
Exchange Traded Products Issuance Programme
What is this document?
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) is issued by Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG (the “Issuer”) for its Exchange Traded Products Issuance 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issue of undated, limited recourse, non-interest bearing exchange traded debt securities (“Securities”). The 
Securities are issued on the terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) as completed by the final terms in respect of 
the relevant Series of Securities (the “Final Terms”).
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Base Prospectus before making an investment in the Securities. 
Particular notice should be taken to the section headed “Risk Factors”.
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus?
This Base Prospectus relates to the issue of Securities by the Issuer. The Issuer is making a number of series of Securities available which intend 
to provide investors with a return equivalent to holding the particular eligible crypto asset (each an “Underlying”), less certain fees, costs and 
expenses as set out in the Conditions.
The Securities are complex, structured products which may involve a significant degree of risk and may not be suitable or 
appropriate for all types of investor. Any person wishing to invest should seek appropriate financial, tax and other advice from an 
independent financial advisor with appropriate regulatory authorisation and qualifications. An investment in the Securities is only 
suitable for persons who understand the economic risk of such investment and are able to bear the risk for an indefinite period 
of time. A prospective investor should be aware that the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in the Securities 
may be lost.
The Securities issued under the Programme will be exchange traded products, which do not qualify as units of a collective 
investment scheme according to the relevant provisions of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA), as 
amended, and are not licensed thereunder. Therefore, the Securities are neither governed by the CISA nor supervised or approved 
by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA). Accordingly, Investors do not have the benefit of the specific 
investor protection provided under the CISA. Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not 
within the scope of any deposit protection scheme. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by any regulator as a result of issuing 
the Securities.
What is in this Base Prospectus?
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Securities which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the 
Securities, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Securities. In particular, this Base Prospectus contains: (i) a description of the key features of 
the Programme; (ii) the key risks of an investment in the Securities; (iii) a description of how a prospective investor’s return on the Securities is 
calculated; and (iv) an explanation of how the legal documents for the Programme operate together.
Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning given to them 
in the Master Definitions and Construction Terms. The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain technical terms including references to 
legislation have been included in their original language so that the meaning may be ascribed to them under the relevant law.
How long is this document valid?
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority Finansinspektionen (the “Swedish FSA”), as competent 
authority under EU Prospectus Regulation (such approval the “Swedish FSA Approval”). The Swedish FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.
This Base Prospectus is valid for a maximum period of twelve months from the Swedish FSA Approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
What information is included in the Final Terms?
The Final Terms set out the information relevant to the specific Series of Securities to which they relate. This includes the number of Securities to 
be issued, the quantity and type of Underlying which each Security is entitled to (known as the “Coin Entitlement”), the Transaction Parties and 
certain fees and costs applicable to the Series to be issued.
A copy of this Base Prospectus is available at www.etf.dws.com (the “Issuer’s Website”).
Arranger
DWS Investments UK Limited (the “Arranger”)

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
ii
CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.....................................................................................1
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................9
IMPORTANT INFORMATION......................................................................................................................36
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST........................................................................................................................46
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITIES........................................................................................48
OVERVIEW OF THE UNDERLYING MARKET...........................................................................................56
PROGRAMME STRUCTURE......................................................................................................................59
CONDITIONS ..............................................................................................................................................62
FORM OF FINAL TERMS..........................................................................................................................109
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ...............................................................................................................117
CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS..................................................................................................................118
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS .................................................................................................................119
SALE OR TRANSFER OF UNDERLYING, ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE
.....................................................................................................................................................121
THE ISSUER .............................................................................................................................................122
THE ADMINISTRATION AGENT...............................................................................................................124
THE CRYPTO EXECUTION AGENT AND THE CRYPTO DEVELOPMENT ADVISOR ..........................125
THE CUSTODIAN(S).................................................................................................................................126
THE ARRANGER ......................................................................................................................................127
THE TRUSTEE..........................................................................................................................................128
THE ISSUING AGENT...............................................................................................................................129
THE PAYING AGENTS AND TECHNICAL ACCOUNT BANK..................................................................129
TAXATION.................................................................................................................................................130
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .....................................................................................................................137
GENERAL INFORMATION........................................................................................................................141
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS....................................................................................................................143

--- Page 3 ---
General Description of the Programme
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Series of Securities, the 
applicable Final Terms. This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.
PARTIES
“Issuer”
The Issuer is incorporated as a stock corporation in Switzerland and its principal activity is 
the issuance of the Securities and entry into related transactions. 
“Arranger”
The Arranger arranges the Programme and provides certain administrative and operational 
services in respect of the Programme and is paid a fee by the Issuer in respect of such 
services. The Arranger also provides support to the Issuer for the purpose of making 
calculations, determinations, adjustments in relation to a Series of Securities and pays the 
fees of certain Transaction Parties. 
“Trustee”
The Trustee holds the security for the Issuer’s obligations in respect of each Series of 
Securities on trust for itself and the other Secured Creditors.
“Custodian”
The relevant Custodian(s) which hold the Crypto Asset Collateral in relation to a Series of 
Securities in the Issuer’s Collateral Accounts with each Custodian appointed for the 
relevant Series of Securities which may be Coinbase Custody International Limited and/or  
Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited and/or any successor(s) thereto or any other Custodian 
appointed with respect to the relevant Series of Securities.
“Corporate 
Services 
Administrator”
The Corporate Services Administrator provides certain administrative and corporate 
services to the Issuer.
“Issuing Agent”
The Issuing Agent processes issuance of new Securities as a result of subscriptions and 
cancellations of existing Securities following redemptions for a particular Series of 
Securities.
“Principal Paying 
Agent”
The Principal Paying Agent performs the paying agency function for a particular Series of 
Securities.
“Swiss Paying 
Agent”
The Swiss Paying Agent performs the paying agency function for a particular Series of 
Securities for the purposes of the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange.
“Paying Agent(s)”
The Principal Paying Agent, the Swiss Paying Agent and any additional Paying Agents 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The Paying Agent(s) make payments to Securityholders via the relevant Clearing System.
“Registrar”
The Registrar maintains the register and records of Securityholders with respect to 
Registered Securities (if applicable).
“Administration 
Agent”
The Administration Agent shall make certain calculations (including Coin Entitlement, Value 
per Security and Redemption Amount) and provide confirmations and instructions to other 
Transaction Parties to facilitate creating new Securities and redeeming existing Securities 
and settling sales and purchase of Underlying.
“Technical 
Account Bank”
The Technical Account Bank shall open, in its own name and not in the name of the Issuer, 
and maintain a single Series Transaction Account for each Series of Securities separately. 
The Series Transaction Account will not be subject to Transaction Security. The Series 
Transaction Account shall be used for the purposes of (amongst other things) (i) settlement

--- Page 4 ---
General Description of the Programme
2
of subscriptions and redemptions of Securities by way of Cash Settlement and (ii) 
settlement of relevant transactions with the Crypto Brokers.
“Crypto Execution 
Agent”
The Crypto Execution Agent arranges purchases and sales of Crypto Assets on behalf of 
the Issuer for the purposes of the Issuer (i) issuing new Securities by way of Cash 
Settlement, (ii) redeeming existing Securities by way of Cash Settlement and (iii) paying 
third party fees payable by the Issuer (including to the Arranger).
“Crypto 
Development 
Advisor”
The Crypto Development Advisor:
(i) monitors developments relating to the Underlying in order to identify any events or 
circumstances which may have an impact on the Underlying (including any potential or 
forthcoming Hard Forks and similar events) and provides advice on the potential 
consequences and actions that may be taken by the Issuer in relation to the Underlying in 
respect of such developments;
(ii) provides initial and ongoing screening and due diligence with respect to the Underlying 
and certain other Crypto Assets;
(iii) liaises with the relevant Custodian(s) to create and maintain the relevant Collateral 
Accounts for the Issuer (including assisting with maintaining user access rights to relevant 
third parties) and ensuring third-party Wallet addresses are whitelisted;
(iv) provides written guidance to the Administration Agent with respect to the periodic 
rebalancing of the  Crypto Asset Collateral held by the Issuer between Collateral Accounts 
of different Custodians or between different Collateral Accounts of the Issuer at the same 
Custodian; and
(v) provides other support to the Arranger with respect to the Programme and the 
Underlying, amongst other things.
“Authorised 
Participants”
To establish liquidity for the Securities, the Issuer enters into agreements with Authorised 
Participants in respect of the creation and redemption of the Securities.
The Authorised Participants for each Series of Securities will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and/or published on the Issuer’s Website.
“Documentation”
The Securities are governed by the Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms.
The Issuer’s relationship with the relevant Transaction Parties is governed by agreements 
entered into on or around the date of this Base Prospectus in respect of all Series of 
Securities or certain master terms, each of which set out the Issuer’s agreement with each 
Transaction Party. Each Series of Securities will be issued by the execution of a 
Constituting Document, under which the parties to each master terms agrees to enter into 
an agreement on the form of the master terms for the purposes of that Series of Securities. 
See the section headed “Programme Structure”.

--- Page 5 ---
General Description of the Programme
3
FORM OF SECURITIES
“Form and issue 
method”
Securities will be issued in Series, with the Securities of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Securities of that Series. The Issuer may issue further 
Tranches of a Series of Securities from time to time.
The Securities may be issued in registered form or in dematerialised uncertificated form as 
simple uncertificated securities and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Securities issued under the Programme will be non-interest bearing, undated, secured, 
debt obligations of the Issuer. The Securities do not pay dividends or interest. Securities 
will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any preference 
among themselves.
APPLICATION AND REDEMPTION PROCESS
“Applications and 
redemptions, 
selling and 
purchasing of 
Securities”
It is intended that each Series of Securities will be subject to a continual and ongoing 
issuance and redemption mechanism under which Authorised Participant(s) may subscribe 
for new Securities or redeem existing Securities in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Authorised Participant Agreement(s). 
In certain circumstances, Securityholders that are not Authorised Participants may also 
request the redemption of Securities, with the redemption of Securities to be settled 
physically. The Issuer will charge such Securityholders an Investor Redemption Fee to 
redeem Securities directly with the Issuer by way of Physical Settlement or Cash 
Settlement. The Investor Redemption Fee shall by payable by such Securityholders to the 
Principal Paying Agent by way of an upfront payment. The level of such Investor 
Redemption Fee will be notified to Securityholders by the Issuer on receipt of a request for 
redemption and will be set out in the Investor Redemption Order Form which will be made 
available on the Issuer’s Website.
Securityholders that are not Authorised Participants may not request the Issuer to redeem 
Securities in cash other than in circumstances where no Authorised Participant is available. 
Where all the outstanding Securities of the same Series redeem in full, all the Securities of 
such Series will redeem in cash only.
The Issuer may, at any time in its sole discretion, suspend the right to request subscriptions 
of any Series of Securities.
A prospective investor may buy and sell Securities in cash on the Exchange (as defined in 
the Conditions) on which such Securities are admitted to trading, or in over-the-counter 
transactions directly with Authorised Participants or any other third party seller of Securities 
(including market makers). To establish liquidity for the Securities, the Issuer enters into 
agreements with Authorised Participants in respect of the creation and redemption of the 
Securities. 
To establish liquidity for the Securities, the Arranger also enters into agreements with 
market makers in respect of purchasing and selling the Securities on the Exchange or in 
over-the-counter transactions.
Upon new issuance of any Tranche of the Securities, the Issuer will deliver such Securities 
to the Authorised Participants via the relevant Clearing System. The Issuer may charge the 
Authorised Participant fees in respect of the creation of Securities, as agreed between the 
Issuer and the Authorised Participant from time to time. The Authorised Participant may 
then sell the Securities on the Exchange on which such Securities are admitted to trading,

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme
4
sell the Securities in “over-the-counter” transactions or hold the Securities.
Prospective investors may be charged fees to purchase or sell any Securities, by 
Authorised Participants, intermediaries or brokers or by the Exchange on which Securities 
are listed. Prospective investors should speak to their broker or intermediary and seek 
advice on the details of any such fees.
Once Securities are issued, the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral (either delivered by the 
Authorised Participants or acquired by the Issuer) will be held with the relevant Custodian 
as security for the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Securities.
UNDERLYING
“Underlying”
The Securities will be linked to the relevant Underlying. The Underlying shall comprise a 
single Eligible Crypto Asset with respect to a Series of Securities as specified in the Final 
Terms.
“Crypto Asset 
Collateral”
The Crypto Asset Collateral consists of (i) the Underlying in connection with the Securities 
and (ii) any additional Crypto Assets other than Underlying held by the Custodian(s) for the 
Issuer with respect to the Securities as a result of any Hard Fork and/or Airdrop.
“Eligible Crypto 
Asset”
The Eligible Crypto Asset shall be Crypto Assets that are amongst the top one hundred 
Crypto Assets as measured by market capitalisation and that is not a Prohibited Crypto 
Asset. See “Economic Overview of Securities” for further information.
CUSTODY AND SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS
“Custody”
The Crypto Asset Collateral held in respect of a Series of Securities will be held in custody 
by the relevant Custodian(s) in segregated Wallets maintained by the Custodian(s) in the 
name of the Issuer and opened with the relevant Custodian(s) (such account with each 
Custodian appointed for the relevant Series of Securities, the “Collateral Account”). 
The Issuer may open one or more Collateral Accounts with one or more Custodian(s) with 
respect to the same Series of Securities. Each such Collateral Account will be subject to 
the security granted by the Issuer to the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other 
Secured Creditors in respect of the relevant Series of Securities. See “Security 
Arrangements” and “Custody Arrangements”.
“Staking”
The Issuer shall procure that no Crypto Asset Collateral in respect of any Series of 
Securities is staked.
“Secured 
Property”
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of each Series of Securities are secured over all of the 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest in respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral (including all 
property, income, sums or other assets derived therefrom and any Collateral Account), the 
relevant Custody Agreements, any bank accounts (present and future) but excluding the 
Issuer Expenses Account and Series Transaction Account, maintained with any account 
bank or custodian opened in respect of such Series of Securities, any agreement (present 
or future) with any such account bank or custodian, and any sums relating to such Series 
of Securities standing to the credit thereof and all sums held by any Paying Agent and/or 
the relevant Custodian and any Series Agency Agreements (the “Transaction Security” and 
the assets subject to the Transaction Security being the “Secured Property”). There are no 
credit enhancements or liquidity support (including from the Arranger or any of its affiliates) 
in relation to the Securities.
The Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Trustee who holds the Secured 
Property on trust for itself, the Securityholders, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agents, the

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme
5
Technical Account Bank, the Arranger, the Crypto Execution Agent, the Administration 
Agent and the Custodian(s) in relation to the Series of Securities (the “Secured Creditors”).
See the section headed “Security Arrangements”.
“Enforcement of 
security”
On the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee may in its discretion (and shall if 
directed in writing by holders of at least 25 per cent. in number of the Securities of the 
relevant Series then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution), in each case subject 
to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, enforce the 
Transaction Security.
The Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Secured Property received by it 
under the Trust Deed on trust, and apply them:
•
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses 
and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities 
to, the Trustee, any Irish Receiver or any receiver(s) under or pursuant to the Trustee 
Deed or any Security Document, including, without limitation, any Taxes required to 
be paid by the Trustee (other than any Tax in respect of the Trustee’s income, profits 
or gains), the costs of enforcing the Transaction Security and/or realising all or some 
of the Secured Property and the Trustee’s remuneration;
•
second, pro rata and pari passu, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, 
expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in 
connection with the Securities to, the Custodian(s) under or pursuant to the relevant 
Custody Agreements;
•
third, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses 
and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities 
to, the Technical Account Bank, the Issuing Agent and Paying Agents under the 
relevant Series Agency Agreement;
•
fourth, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, 
losses and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the 
Securities to, the Administration Agent under the relevant Series Agency Agreement;
•
fifth, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses 
and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities 
to, the Crypto Execution Agent under the relevant Series Agency Agreement;
•
sixth, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses 
and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities 
to, the Arranger under the Arranger Agreement incurred with respect to relevant 
Series of Securities;
•
seventh, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards payment or delivery of the Redemption 
Amount to Securityholders; and
•
eighth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself or as it may direct.
See the sections headed “Security Arrangements” and “Sale and Transfer of the 
Underlying, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse”.
REDEMPTION

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme
6
“Redemption of 
Securities”
The Securities are perpetual and have no fixed maturity date. The Securities will only 
redeem in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption of Securities). For summary of 
redemptions of Securities see the sections headed “Economic Overview of the Securities”.
“Physical 
Settlement and 
Cash Settlement”
The redemption process depends on whether the Securities are redeemed by way of 
Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement. The Securities may be redeemed directly with the 
Issuer by Cash Settlement only where the AP Cash Settlement Conditions or the Investor 
Cash Settlement Conditions (as applicable) have been satisfied.
Physical Settlement
Where the Securities are redeemed by way of Physical Settlement, the Issuer will instruct 
the relevant Custodian to transfer the relevant amount of the Crypto Asset Collateral equal 
to the Physical Redemption Amount to the Authorised Participant or the Securityholder who 
is not an Authorised Participant but only if Investor Physical Settlement Conditions have 
been satisfied.
Cash Settlement
Where the Securities are redeemed by Cash Settlement, the Crypto Execution Agent, 
acting as agent of the Issuer, shall arrange, on behalf of the Issuer, the sale of the Crypto 
Asset Collateral with a Crypto Broker. The Principal Paying Agent upon receipt of the sale 
proceeds will then transfer an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Cash 
Redemption Amount to the Securityholder via the financial intermediary (being the relevant 
Clearing System or a broker acting as the intermediary to the Securityholder) who maintains 
the relevant securities account for such Securityholder and who will deliver the Securities 
subject to the redemption back to the Issuing Agent through the relevant Clearing System.
Where all the Securities of the relevant Series redeem in full, such redemption will be made 
by way of Cash Settlement only.
RETURN ON THE SECURITIES
“Redemption 
Amount”
The amount an investor is entitled to on redemption with respect to each Security is 
calculated by reference to the Coin Entitlement (which is a quantity of Underlying 
attributable to a single Security) minus any Redemption Deductions.
The initial Coin Entitlement on the Issue Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
the Coin Entitlement reduces on a daily basis to take account the applicable Product Fee. 
The form of an investor’s return on redemption will depend on whether the Securities are 
redeemed by way of Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement.
Physical Settlement
Where the Securities are subject to redemption by way of Physical Settlement, the Physical 
Redemption Amount is calculated as:
(A) the aggregate Coin Entitlement for all Securities subject to redemption as at the 
Redemption Date rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level; less
(B) an amount of such Crypto Asset Collateral having a value equal (in the opinion of the 
Administration Agent) to the Redemption Deductions rounded up to the Delivery Precision 
Level.
Cash Settlement

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme
7
Where the Securities are subject to Cash Settlement, the Cash Redemption Amount is an 
amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net proceeds 
of sale of the aggregate Coin Entitlement for all Securities subject to redemption rounded 
down to the Delivery Precision Level as at the Final Fixing Date less any Redemption 
Deductions.
See the section headed “Economic overview of the Securities”, which includes worked 
examples of the return on the Securities in hypothetical circumstances.
LISTING AND OFFERING
“Listing”
Application may be made for Series of Securities to be admitted to the stock exchange 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Exchange”) (including SIX and Xetra) 
during the maximum period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.
There cannot be any guarantee that admission to listing or trading will be obtained or, if so 
obtained, will be maintained in respect of any Series of Securities. Nor can there be any 
guarantee that any Series of Securities will be admitted to an Exchange upon issuance.
Deutsche Börse Xetra (“Xetra”) is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). 
The Swedish FSA Approval specified on page (i) relates only to the Securities which are to 
be admitted to trading on Xetra or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area.
References in this Base Prospectus to Securities being “listed” (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Securities have been admitted to trading on an 
Exchange, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Selling 
restrictions”
Save for:
(i) approval of the Base Prospectus by the Swedish FSA which allows for a public offering 
of the Securities in Sweden and any notification of the approval to other EEA Member 
States in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a 
public offer in such Member States; and 
(ii) if and when this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) is 
automatically recognised in accordance with article 54(2) of the Swiss Financial Services 
Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the “FinSA”) by, and deposited with, a review body 
within the meaning of article 52 of the FinSA (any such review body, a “Swiss Review 
Body”) as a base prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA, and the 
respective Final Terms have been deposited with such Swiss Review Body in accordance 
with article 45(3) of the FinSA, a public offering of Securities in Switzerland, no 
representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit 
a public offering of any of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any applicable Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
“Clearing and 
settlement”
The Securities may be issued in registered form or uncertificated form as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
The settlement of transactions in respect of the Securities will take place in SIS, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Frankfurt, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other recognised clearing system

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme
8
in which Securities may be cleared (the “Clearing System”). The relevant Clearing System 
for any Series of Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends that the relevant Clearing System 
in respect of any Series of Securities will be SIX SIS AG, Olten, Switzerland, or any 
successor thereof (the “SIS”). 
OTHER TERMS
“Limited recourse”
The Securities are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. Each Series of Securities will 
be secured by a security interest created in favour of the Trustee over the assets allocated 
to a Series of Securities. If the proceeds of enforcement of the security interest in such 
assets are not sufficient to meet all of its obligations, debts or liabilities in respect of the 
Series of Securities, the Issuer’s obligations, debts or liabilities in respect of the Securities 
will be limited to those proceeds. No other assets of the Issuer nor any assets relating to 
any other Series will be available to meet any shortfall.
See the section headed “Sale of Transfer of Underlying, Enforcement of Security and 
Limited Recourse Provisions”.
“Withholding tax”
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of any Securities will be subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges 
of any nature (including pursuant to FATCA) that the Issuer or any Agent is required by 
Applicable Law to make. If any such withholding or deduction is required, no additional 
amounts will be paid by the Issuer or any Agent in respect of such withholding or deduction.
“Further issues”
The Issuer may from time to time issue further fungible tranches of Securities with respect 
to a Series on the same terms as such existing Securities and on terms that such further 
Securities shall be consolidated and form a single series with the existing Securities of the 
Series.
“Governing law”
The Securities are governed by English law.
“Rating”
Securities issued under the Programme are not expected to be rated.

--- Page 11 ---
Risk Factors
9
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors in Securities should carefully consider the following information in conjunction with the other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, the information contained 
in the documents set out in the sections entitled “Important Information” and “Conflicts of Interest”, as well as any 
Final Terms before purchasing any Securities.
The assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the Issuer’s assessment (as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus) of the probability of its occurrence and the expectation of the magnitude of their adverse impact but 
investors should note that, in practice, any risk(s) may materialise and the magnitude of the associated impact may 
vary depending on the circumstances. Prospective Securityholders should note that, in practice, any risk(s) may 
materialise and the magnitude of the associated impact may vary depending on the circumstances. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category is/are presented first 
under such category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor.
The following risk factors set out those factors that the Issuer believes:
•
represent the principal risks (including the market risks) inherent in investing in the Securities;
•
may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities; and/or
•
may be material (by reference to general criteria that are not particular to the specific circumstances of any 
individual prospective investor) for the purposes of investors making an informed investment decision in 
respect of the Securities.
Investors should be aware that more than one risk factor may simultaneously affect with regard to the Securities, 
such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, more than one risk factor may have 
a compounding effect which may not be predictable. No assurance can be given as to the effect that any 
combination of risk factors may have on the value of the Securities. Investors must be aware that they may lose 
substantially all of their investment in the Securities.
For the purposes of these risk factors, references to “Securityholders” or “holders” of Securities should generally be 
read as including holders of beneficial interests in such Securities, except where the context otherwise requires.
1.
Risks relating to the Issuer
1.1
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle
The only business of the Issuer is the issuance of Securities and the related purchase of the Underlying 
and/or entering into related transactions.
The Issuer will have no assets with which to make any payments under any Series of Securities or meet 
claims made against it other than the Secured Property in respect of that Series.
Accordingly there are risks in investing in the Securities issued by the Issuer which differ from risks in 
investing in instruments issued by a trading entity with substantial assets and/or operations, as 
Securityholders take risk on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Issuer is solely reliant on the 
Secured Property to meet its obligations under the Securities.
1.2
The Issuer is operated by a corporate services administrator
The Issuer has appointed and is operated by the Corporate Services Administrator in accordance with the 
Corporate Services Administration Agreement. The Corporate Services Administrator is an independent, 
third party entity which has agreed to provide certain administrative, accounting and related services to the 
Issuer. The majority of the directors of the Issuer are employees of the Corporate Services Administrator.
The operations of the Issuer may be adversely affected by the termination of the appointment of the 
Corporate Services Administrator, the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Corporate Services Administrator or

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors
10
any default, negligence or fraud on the part of the Corporate Services Administrator or any of its employees 
or agents.
1.3
The Issuer is subject to legislation and regulations which, if violated, could materially and 
adversely affect the timing and amount of payments made by the Issuer
The Issuer is subject to legislation and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments and a general 
prohibition on money laundering (including tax evasion) as well as laws, sanctions and restrictions relating 
to certain individuals and countries. If the Issuer were determined by the relevant authorities to be in 
violation of any such legislation or regulations, it could become subject to significant penalties, including in 
certain cases criminal penalties. 
Any such violation could have a material and adverse effect on the timing and amount of payments or 
deliveries made by the Issuer to Securityholders in respect of the Securities. A breach of the relevant 
legislation in respect of one Series of Securities may affect the legal and regulatory treatment of all Series 
of Securities issued by the Issuer. This may ultimately lead to an early redemption of the Securities at a 
time when the price of the Underlying may be unfavourable to Securityholders and at a time over which 
Securityholders have no control. In circumstances where the Issuer has been found to be in violation of 
such legislation and regulations, the relevant Custodian may suspend the Issuer’s access to the Crypto 
Asset Collateral and the Issuer may be unable to make any transfers of Crypto Asset Collateral in respect 
of its obligations under the Securities. Such events are likely to have a negative impact on the return on 
the Securities.
1.4
Counterparty risk
The Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of a number of counterparties with whom the Issuer transacts, 
including, but not limited to, the Technical Account Bank, the Crypto Brokers and the Custodian(s). 
Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to risks, including credit risk, reputational risk and settlement risk, 
arising from the failure of any of its counterparties to fulfil their respective obligations (including, but not 
limited to the obligation of the Crypto Brokers to deliver Crypto Asset Collateral to the Issuer or pay the 
sale proceeds to the Issuer with respect to the sale of any Crypto Asset Collateral). If any such risks were 
to occur, this may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and financial position.
1.5
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote, but it is not insolvency-proof
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote so that it will endeavour to only transact with parties who 
agree not to make any application for the commencement of winding-up or bankruptcy or similar 
proceedings against the Issuer.
The term “insolvency-remote” means that the Issuer is subject to a low risk of being put into insolvency 
proceedings, which would fundamentally disrupt the operation and/or existence of the Securities. To 
achieve such insolvency remoteness, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders must be unable to 
proceed directly against the Issuer and only able to proceed against the assets attributable to the relevant 
Series of Securities. This is known as having "limited recourse" (as further described in paragraph 2.1 (The 
Issuer’s obligations are limited recourse) below). It is also important that the Issuer is, so far as legally 
possible, prevented from commencing insolvency proceedings as against itself.
However, there is no assurance that all claims that arise against the Issuer will be on the basis that such 
action will not be taken, or that such contractual provisions will necessarily be respected in all jurisdictions, 
in particular where claims arise from third parties that have no direct contractual relationship with the Issuer 
or if the Issuer fails for any reason to comply with its contractual obligations (including the obligation only 
to contract on a “non-petition” basis).
A creditor (including a contingent or prospective creditor) that has not accepted non-petition provisions in 
respect of the Issuer may be entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer. The commencement of such proceedings may entitle such a creditor to 
terminate contracts with the Issuer and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such termination. 
If the Securities remain outstanding at the time that any insolvency proceedings are commenced, this will 
constitute an Insolvency Event and lead to redemption of each Series of Securities and related 
enforcement actions. Such redemption may take place at a time when the price of the Underlying is 
unfavourable to Securityholders. This may result in Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, 
than they had anticipated in circumstances over which they have no control.

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors
11
2.
Risks relating to the Securities
2.1
The Issuer’s obligations are limited recourse
The Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. Payments or deliveries due in 
respect of any Series of Securities (including payment or delivery of the relevant Redemption Amount) will 
be made solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Property 
relating to that Series of Securities. The Secured Property relating to any Series of Securities is 
collateralised by the Crypto Asset Collateral which may be subject to cryptographic key theft, compromise 
of login credentials and distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks. 
If amounts received in respect of the Secured Property are insufficient to make payments or deliveries in 
respect of the Securities, no other assets will be available to Securityholders and any outstanding claim 
against the Issuer will be extinguished. In such circumstances Securityholders may lose some or all of their 
investment.
2.2
Decisions made by written resolution of the Securityholders or by Extraordinary Resolution are 
binding on all Securityholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders of each Series (including by 
ways other than physical meetings) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including obtaining 
written resolutions on matters relating to the Securities. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Securities of the relevant Series who 
for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the Trust Deed shall be 
deemed to be an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer and the Trustee will also be entitled to rely upon approval of a 
resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the relevant clearing system.
A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be obtained in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Securityholders.
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders, including Securityholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and Securityholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The interests of the Securityholders forming the required majority may not coincide with those of other 
Securityholders and, accordingly, a Securityholder may be adversely affected by a decision made or action 
taken by other Securityholders without its consent.
2.3
Any system failures, IT disruption or cyber attacks may affect the Securities
Any payments, transfers, determinations or any other actions with respect to the Securities may need to 
be processed, arranged or made by the relevant Clearing System, the Exchange on which the Securities 
are admitted to trading, the Issuer and its software systems (including any systems established with 
Authorised Participants for the subscription and redemption of Securities) or any of the other Transaction 
Parties. If any computer or communications systems, any market infrastructure provider or custodian and 
their related arrangements were to experience any system failures, crashes, cyber-attacks, infections with 
malicious software or any other types of disruption or a force majeure event, that may have an adverse 
effect on the ability of the relevant parties to make or process the relevant payments, arrange any relevant 
transfers or deliveries, carry out any determinations or take any other actions that may be required under 
the terms of the Securities. This is particularly relevant given the nature of the Underlying, as is further set 
out in paragraph 4.3 (Blockchain-related risks) below. The Issuer, being a special purpose vehicle, is 
particularly dependent on the systems of transaction participants to ensure that payments are made in 
respect of the Securities. A failure on the part of any of the transaction participants (as well as the Issuer 
itself) may have a significant adverse effect on payments, transfers or deliveries under the Securities and 
may result in such payments, transfers and/or deliveries being delayed or, potentially, not received at all.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors
12
2.4
Disruption and suspension
On the occurrence of a Disruption Event, any request for subscriptions or redemption of Securities will not 
be accepted until the next following Scheduled Valuation Day where there is no such Disruption Event. 
Also any valuations with respect to Underlying and settlement date for redemptions of Securities shall be 
postponed until no such Disruption Event is continuing.
During the period that redemption of Securities is suspended, the market value of the relevant Underlying 
(and therefore the market value of the Securities) may decrease significantly. This may result in 
Securityholders receiving less, or significantly less, than they would have received had such Disruption 
Event not occurred.
2.5
Slippage 
The reference price of an Underlying may deviate from the price at which the Issuer is able to purchase or 
dispose of that Crypto Asset Collateral which may negatively affect the realised proceeds from the sale of 
that Crypto Asset Collateral on redemptions or creations of the relevant Securities. In such circumstances, 
Securityholders may lose some or all of their investment.
2.6
Directions from certain minorities of Securityholders will bind all Securityholders
On the occurrence of an Event of Default, following a direction in writing by holders of not less than 25 per 
cent. in number of the Securities, the Trustee may declare that an Event of Default has occurred leading 
to enforcement of the security in respect of a Series of Securities, or that the Transaction Security in respect 
of a Series of Securities is enforceable. 
Any such action taken by the Trustee to enforce the Transaction Security shall be binding on all 
Securityholders, even those that did not so direct the Trustee. 
The interests of particular Securityholders who direct the Trustee as such may not coincide with (and may 
not be in the bests interest of) those of other Securityholders. The majority required to enforce the security 
is also lower than 50 per cent., meaning that the Transaction Security may be enforced even if only a 
minority of the Securityholders of a Series direct the Trustee accordingly, and all other Securityholders of 
that Series will be bound by that direction. 
2.7
The Trustee may, in certain circumstances, agree to modifications, waivers and the substitution of 
the Issuer without the consent of the Securityholders
The Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Securityholders, agree to:
•
any modification of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents 
that is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error;
•
any other modification and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any 
of the Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed and/or the Transaction Documents that is, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; and
•
the substitution of another issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed in place of the Issuer, 
or of any previous substitute, and a change of the law from time to time governing the Securities, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Transaction Documents in connection therewith (provided that the 
Trustee is provided with certain information and certain conditions are met).
The actions of the Trustee described above may result in changes to the Conditions of a Series of 
Securities and/or the Transaction Documents or may result in the Securities not being redeemed following 
an Event of Default when they may otherwise have been redeemed. These actions may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Securities.
3.
Risks relating to redemption, subscription and enforcement
3.1
Issuer early redemption 
The Issuer may, at any time in its discretion, upon the delivery of an Early Redemption Notice, elect to 
determine that any or all Securities are to be redeemed and such redemption will be by way of Cash 
Settlement. In such event, this is likely to limit the liquidity of the Securities and Securityholders may be 
unable to trade in their Securities. During this period, the market value of the relevant Underlying may 
decrease significantly, which would have a negative impact on the market value of the Securities. The

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors
13
occurrence of such event could also lead to Securityholders receiving the relevant Cash Redemption 
Amount at a time where the price of the Underlying may be unfavourable, which will mean Securityholders 
will receive an amount which may be less than they had anticipated in circumstances over which the 
Securityholders have no control.
Following a redemption of the Securities following an Issuer redemption, Securityholders may not be able 
to reinvest the proceeds in a way that generates a level of return as high as that on the Securities and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate of return. Prospective investors in the Securities should 
consider such reinvestment risk in light of other investments that are available to them.
3.2
Additional early redemption events
In certain circumstances, including upon occurrence of an Illegality Event, a Regulatory Event, a Hedging 
Event, a Minimum Value Event, an Adjustment Event where it is not possible to amend the Conditions, no 
Authorised Participant having been appointed with respect to a Series of Securities, the Issuer shall 
redeem all the Securities of the relevant Series of Securities early at the Cash Redemption Amount. Such 
early redemption may occur at a time when the price of the Underlying is unfavourable, which will mean 
Securityholders will receive an amount on redemption which may be less, or substantially less, than they 
had anticipated in circumstances over which the Securityholders have no control. 
3.3
Minimum Value Event
The Issuer shall redeem the Securities in whole upon its determination that the Value per Security on each 
of any three consecutive days falls below the threshold applicable to a Series of Securities. The decrease 
in the Value per Security may be as a result of the decrease of value of the Underlying and accrual of the 
Product Fee applicable to the Series of Securities.
Upon such redemption by the Issuer, the value of the Securities may be lower than the specified threshold 
and may be nil and as a result a Securityholder may lose their investment in the Securities. 
3.4
There may be adverse consequences of the occurrence of a redemption event and the liquidation 
of the Crypto Asset Collateral
The Securities may be redeemed as a result of a Redemption Order and (if applicable) Investor 
Redemption Order Form. Where Physical Settlement applies, the Physical Redemption Amount will be 
calculated by reference to the Coin Entitlement for each Security forming the relevant Series of Securities 
minus the relevant deductions. Where Cash Settlement applies, the Cash Redemption Amount will be 
calculated by reference to the net proceeds of the aggregate Coin Entitlement of such Securities less the 
relevant deductions. Securityholders will therefore be exposed to the market value of the Crypto Asset 
Collateral at the time of redemption and the ability of the Issuer to arrange a transfer or sale of the Crypto 
Asset Collateral.
The timing and method of transfer or liquidation of the Crypto Asset Collateral may materially affect the 
value or price obtained in respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral, which in turn will impact the relevant 
Redemption Amount received by Securityholders and the date on which the redemption is to take place.
If the Issuer is subject to an Insolvency Event this may limit the Issuer’s ability to transfer or liquidate the 
Crypto Asset Collateral in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions. This may result in 
delay in transferring or realising the Crypto Asset Collateral, may impact the value of, or price obtained for, 
the Crypto Asset Collateral. These factors will, in turn, impact the relevant Redemption Amount payable or 
deliverable to Securityholders.
3.5
Redemption deductions
The relevant Redemption Amount payable or deliverable to the Securityholders on redemption of a Series 
of Securities includes deductions of certain costs, charges and/or fees defined in the Conditions. These 
costs will depend on whether Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement applies. These deductions include, 
without limitation, (i) in respect of any redemption to be effected by Physical Settlement, any costs incurred 
by the Issuer, the Custodian(s), the Crypto Execution Agent or any other of the Issuer’s agents as part of 
a sale or purchase of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral, (ii) banking and custody fees or costs incurred 
as part of transfer of cash or Crypto Asset Collateral between accounts of the Issuer and/or any 
Securityholder Crypto Assets, (iii) in respect of any redemption to be effected by Cash Settlement, any 
costs incurred as part of currency conversions which may be necessary to facilitate such redemption, (iv) 
any blockchain network fees which are incurred as part of transfer of Crypto Asset Collateral from one

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors
14
Wallet to another Wallet, (v) any costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee incurred in relation to enforcing 
the Transaction Security and taking any steps required as a part of a sale, a purchase or the transfer of 
Crypto Asset Collateral and (vi) any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
thereof having power to tax. The amount of such deductions will be notified to Securityholders on 
redemption.
In addition, where Securityholders who are not Authorised Participants elect to redeem Securities directly 
with the Issuer by way of Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement, an Investor Redemption Fee is payable. 
The level of such fee will be notified to Securityholders by the Issuer on receipt of a request for redemption 
and will be set out in the Investor Redemption Order Form which will be made available on the Issuer’s 
Website.
Prospective investors should note that the deductions will result in any Redemption Amount received by 
Securityholders on redemption being less than the Coin Entitlement in respect of such Series of Securities. 
This may mean that Securityholders receive less than their initial investment even in circumstances when 
the price of the Underlying has increased during the life of the Series of Securities.
3.6
Payments to Securityholders are subordinated to the claims of other Secured Creditors
The rights of the Securityholders to be paid or receive the relevant Redemption Amount under the Series 
of Securities on enforcement of the Transaction Security are subordinate to the claims of the Trustee, any 
Irish Receiver or any receiver(s) under or pursuant to the Trust Deed or any Security Document, the 
Custodian(s), the Paying Agents, the Administration Agent, the Arranger, the Crypto Execution Agent 
including, without limitation, any taxes required to be paid and any fees, costs, charges and expenses 
thereto. 
As a result, funds available to the Issuer in connection with the Securities will be applied to satisfy such 
senior ranking payments before the relevant Redemption Amount is paid or delivered to Securityholders.
If the Issuer has insufficient funds available after satisfying higher ranking claims described above, the 
relevant Redemption Amount payable or deliverable to the Securityholders will be reduced and the 
Securityholders will lose some, and potentially all, of their investment.
3.7
Only the Trustee may enforce the Transaction Security
Securityholders are not permitted to directly exercise their right to enforce the Transaction Security. Only 
the Trustee may enforce the Transaction Security in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Trust 
Deed and the relevant Security Documents. The Transaction Security shall become enforceable upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee: (a) at its 
discretion may; and (b) will be required to, if so directed by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in number 
of the Securities of the relevant Series then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (a copy of which 
has been provided to the Trustee) enforce the Transaction Security, in each case subject to the Trustee 
being pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. In such case, individual 
Securityholders are dependent on the Trustee and requisite Securityholder majorities before the 
Transaction Security can be enforced.
The interests of particular Securityholders who request or direct the enforcement of the Transaction 
Security may not coincide with (and may not be in the bests interest of) those of other Securityholders. The 
majority required to enforce the Transaction Security is also lower than 50 per cent., meaning that the 
Transaction Security may be enforced even if only a minority of the Securityholders of a Series of Securities 
direct the Trustee accordingly, and all other Securityholders of that Series of Securities will be bound by 
that direction.
3.8
Securityholders are responsible for Trustee indemnity and funding of Trustee enforcement action
Prior to taking any action in respect of the Securities, the Trustee may require to be indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not so indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded it may decide not to take such action.
Securityholders should therefore be prepared to bear the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or 
security and/or pre-funding or be prepared to accept the consequences of any such inaction by the Trustee.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors
15
Any such inaction by the Trustee shall not entitle Securityholders to take action against the Issuer or the 
Trustee for any breach of the Trust Deed, the Transaction Documents and/or the Securities by the Issuer. 
As a result, Securityholders may have to incur additional costs and expenses (which may be substantial) 
in order to realise some or all of their investment in the Securities.
3.9
Failure to comply with validation and/or KYC Requirements checks
Redemption and settlement with respect to a Series of Securities may be delayed or suspended if the 
Principal Paying Agent is unable to complete the relevant validation and/or KYC Requirements checks 
relating to such Series of Securities.
4.
Risks relating to the Underlying
4.1
Securities exposed to the value of the Underlying 
Each Series of Securities will be exposed to a particular Underlying, as selected by the Issuer and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As the protocols and rules governing different Underlyings vary, the 
risks associated with different Underlyings will also vary. Similarly, prices for different Underlyings will vary 
and may not move in a correlated manner. Therefore the holders of different Series of Securities will be 
exposed to different risk profiles, depending on the relevant Underlying. In particular, but without limitation, 
risks related to price volatility, transaction fees, speed of execution and settlement, probability of forks and 
airdrops, hacking attacks, acceptance of the Underlying by custodians, major protocol updates and 
eligibility for settlements on exchanges may be significantly different depending on the Underlying. 
Therefore some Series of Securities may be more or less exposed to certain risks than other Series of 
Securities. Prospective investors in a Series of Securities should therefore understand the particular 
Underlying to which that Series of Securities is linked and the risks associated with that Underlying.
The Issuer’s rights in respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral for each Series of Securities form part of the 
Secured Property in respect of that Series of Securities. The Securityholders (together with certain other 
creditors of the Issuer) will have recourse to the Secured Property if the Series of Securities are redeemed. 
Accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the value of the Underlying.
The Underlying may be subject to significant price volatility and may have been subject to periods of high 
volatility in the past. The Underlying is not backed by a central bank, a national or international organisation, 
government-issued legal tender, commodities, other assets or other forms of credit. They may have no 
inherent value, since in most cases, the price of an Underlying is entirely dependent on the value that 
market participants place on them, meaning that any increase or loss of confidence in Crypto Assets may 
affect their value. Crypto Asset prices (including the price of the Underlying) may be affected by a wide 
range of factors, including but not limited to the following:
•
the level of world-wide growth in the adoption and use of an Underlying as well as global expectations 
of future use and adoption of an Underlying vary significantly, making their value highly speculative;
•
protocol-specific utility may be limited or have no utility and are valued based on speculation of 
functionalities that could be added in the future. There are no guarantees that Underlying utility will 
increase and changes in sentiment about an Underlying or changes in the Underlying development 
roadmap may cause a fall in value of the Underlying;
•
the level of supply of the Underlying (which is typically determined by the underlying Crypto Asset 
protocol which is influenced by various stakeholders including foundations, developers, node 
operators, miners / validators and users, not by a centralised issuer) versus level of demand of the 
Underlying;
•
the investment and trading activities of market participants in the Underlying and related markets 
such as derivatives markets for Crypto Assets and general movements in local and international 
markets and factors that affect the investment climate and Securityholder sentiment could all impact 
trading levels and the market price of the Underlying and/or the Securities which may lead to a 
decrease in the value of some or all Securities having an adverse result on an investor holding the 
relevant Securities;
•
the use of the Underlying in the retail and commercial marketplace is limited and significant 
speculative trading activity may lead to price distortion and increased volatility. Crypto Assets are 
only to a limited degree accepted and used as a means of payment for goods and services. Financial

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors
16
institutions may refuse to process funds for Crypto Asset transactions and to and from Crypto Asset-
related companies. Conversely, a significant portion of Crypto Asset demand is generated by 
investors seeking a long-term store of value or speculators seeking to profit from the short- or long-
term holding of the Crypto Asset. Price volatility undermines any Crypto Asset’s role as a medium of 
exchange, as retailers are much less likely to accept it as a form of payment. Market adoption for a 
Crypto Asset as a medium of exchange and payment method may always be low. A lack of expansion 
by Crypto Assets into retail and commercial markets, or a contraction of such use, may result in 
increased volatility or a reduction in the value of the Crypto Asset, either of which could adversely 
affect an investment in the Securities. There can be no assurance that such acceptance will grow, or 
not decline, in the future;
•
general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to Crypto Assets, and negative 
consumer or public perception of Crypto Assets. In particular, market expectations and actual inflation 
rates, interest rates, governmental monetary policies, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and 
revaluations; global or regional, political, economic or financial conditions, events and situations as 
well as regulatory measures or enforcement actions that restrict the use or purchase of Crypto Assets;
•
the ability to convert the Underlying into fiat currencies such as USD, EUR or GBP as well as 
stablecoins, and associated fiat currency and stablecoin exchange rates as well as fiat currency and 
stablecoin withdrawal and deposit policies of Crypto Asset trading venues such as exchanges;
•
regulation or civil law qualification of the Underlying, networks, platforms, custodians and trading 
venues and restrictions on the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, use or exchange the Underlying; 
•
low confidence in Crypto Asset service providers due to their (partly) unregulated nature and lack of 
transparency surrounding their operations;
•
changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences regarding Crypto Assets;
•
the fees associated with processing a Crypto Asset transaction and the speed at which Crypto Asset 
transactions are settled as well as the further development of “second-layer” applications and scaling 
solutions;
•
manipulative trading on trading venues, which are largely unregulated or less regulated than 
traditional financial instrument markets;
•
the price, demand and development of competing Crypto Assets or payment services. The value of 
the Underlying may be impacted by competing Crypto Assets, in relation to factors such as their price, 
volatility, adoption, protocol enhancements and risks. This includes exposure to a variety of different 
Crypto Assets, particularly Crypto Assets that are designed to fulfil similar value propositions as those 
purported by promoters of the Underlying (such as serving as a digital, decentral and scarce store of 
value or providing a smart contract functionality for decentral applications). Promoters of competing 
Crypto Assets may claim that those Crypto Assets have solved certain purported drawbacks of the 
Underlying (for example, in the case of Bitcoin, faster settlement times). Competing Crypto Assets 
may garner more adoption (across but not limited to users, investors, developers, miners or validators 
and node operators) leading to positive network effects which can lead to a significant decrease of 
the price of the Underlying. Competing Crypto Assets may also include stablecoins and Crypto Assets 
issued by central banks as a digital form of legal tender;
•
the price of the Underlying may also be impacted by Crypto Assets that are designed to have a stable 
value over time as compared to other volatile Crypto Assets and are typically marketed as being 
pegged to a fiat currency, such as the U.S. dollar (so called “stablecoins”). Although the prices of 
stablecoins are intended to be stable, their prices can and in the past have fluctuated, sometimes 
significantly, and this fluctuation may impact the price of the Underlying. Volatility in stablecoins, 
operational issues with stablecoins (for example, technical issues that prevent settlement), concerns 
about the sufficiency of any reserves that support stablecoins, or regulatory concerns about 
stablecoin issuers or intermediaries, such as trading venues that support stablecoins, could impact 
the willingness of participants to trade stablecoins. This may significantly reduce Underlying liquidity. 
Each of the disruptions in the stablecoin market could impact the price of Underlying and, in turn, an 
investment in the Series of Securities;

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors
17
•
trading interruptions, operational disruptions or other failures of the Underlying which can occur on 
the protocol level or by Crypto Asset service providers (e.g., custodians, exchanges). Crypto Asset 
trading may be accessible 24 hours, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, while the Securities are not, 
leading to risks. The Crypto Asset market infrastructure, and the Crypto Asset-focused firms that 
support its operation, have complex interdependencies that may cause the failure of one firm to cause 
failures at other affiliated and unaffiliated firms. As a result of these interdependencies, the Crypto 
Asset market may face certain contagion risks associated with the failure of one or more Crypto 
Asset-focused firms. Contagion failure events may ultimately adversely affect the value of the 
Underlying and the financial health and availability of certain service providers, such as custodians 
and exchanges that the Issuer directly or indirectly depends on;
•
the liquidity of Underlying markets, which can be very limited; the liquidity of the Securities is among 
other factors based upon the liquidity status of the relevant Underlying which can fluctuate over the 
course of the term of the Securities. A reduction in the liquidity of an Underlying may limit an investor’s 
ability to transact in the Securities; 
•
fraud, security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting, or the failure of, the underlying blockchain 
technology, networks, platforms, custodians and trading venues. In the past, several high-profile 
Crypto Asset-focused firms have failed, including Terraform Labs (along with its associated Crypto 
Assets, Terra USD (now Terra Classic USD) and Terra LUNA), Three Arrows Capital, Celsius 
Network Ltd., Voyager Digital Ltd., BlockFi Inc. and, the Crypto Asset exchange FTX and its 
associated Crypto Asset, FTT; 
•
the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocols of the Crypto Asset 
networks. Protocol updates and governance voting may result in changes in a protocol’s 
functionalities as well as changes in an Underlying supply, which may affect the price of the 
Underlying. Moreover, technical developments and upgrades may weaken the adoption of the 
Underlying, e.g., a hard fork splitting the protocol in two incompatible versions may lead to reduced 
demand in the Underlying. Moreover, protocol changes that alter the Crypto Asset’s use case may 
adversely affect its demand; 
•
changes in energy prices and or policies affecting proof of work Crypto Assets due to their energy 
requirements. In addition, concerns by regulators, the public or other parties about the environmental 
impact of certain Crypto Assets including their energy consumption and electronic waste production 
may negatively impact the sentiment and prices of Crypto Assets;
•
the ownership of a particular Crypto Asset may be highly concentrated in a limited number of 
individuals or entities, e.g., among early protocol contributors and foundations. Investment and 
trading activities of large holders may significantly impact the price of a particular Crypto Asset. For 
example, while publicly available information concerning the identity of Bitcoin holders and the 
amount of bitcoin they hold is limited, currently available information suggests that the largest 100 
Bitcoin Wallets hold a substantial amount of the outstanding supply of Bitcoin and it is possible that 
some of these Wallets are controlled by the same person or entity. While Crypto Asset networks are 
typically decentralised and do not need to rely on any single government or institution to create, 
transmit and determine value, in reality a single person or entity may have the ability to exert 
centralised authority over a network. Crypto Asset ownership may be even more concentrated than 
on-chain data indicates as it is possible that persons or entities control multiple Wallets that 
collectively hold a significant number of a particular Crypto Asset, even if each Wallet individually only 
holds a small amount. Additionally, for Crypto Assets that rely on miners or validators, sophisticated 
miner or validator groups may become unduly influential over time if, for example, system or 
bandwidth requirements become too high. Where a single personality or entity exerts an outsize 
influence, an adverse event impacting that individual or entity, such as an insolvency proceeding, 
could result in a reduction in the price of a Crypto Asset and adversely affect an investment in the 
Securities;
•
a “short squeeze” resulting from speculation on the price of a Crypto Asset, if aggregate short 
exposure exceeds the number of such Crypto Asset available for purchase;
•
due to high trading volumes or market concentration in financial instruments referencing Crypto 
Assets, on-chain transactions may become reduced or costly to such a degree that prices of Crypto 
Assets may be negatively impacted; and

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors
18
•
momentum pricing due to speculation regarding future appreciation in value, leading to greater 
volatility. Momentum pricing typically is associated with growth stocks and other assets whose 
valuation, as determined by the investing public, accounts for future appreciation in value, if any. It is 
possible that momentum pricing has resulted, and may continue to result, in speculation regarding 
future appreciation in the value of the Underlying, making prices more volatile. In addition, the price 
of an Underlying may suffer from increased volatility due to statements and actions of individuals in 
the Underlying and broader technology community, activities by companies and/or social media 
statements by prominent individuals, each of which have in the past (and may in the future) have an 
impact on the price of an Underlying.
As a result, the Underlying may be more likely to fluctuate in value due to changing investor confidence 
and the actions of stakeholders including companies, individuals and regulatory bodies, which could impact 
future appreciation or depreciation in prices.
There is no assurance that the Underlying will maintain their long-term value or become more widely 
adopted. On the contrary, they may cease to be used altogether. In addition, the reference price of an 
Underlying on one market or trading venue may differ from the price at which the Issuer is able to purchase 
or dispose of that Underlying. The venues on which the Underlyings are traded are largely unregulated or 
under-regulated, meaning they are subject to additional risks and the reference price of the Underlying on 
such venues may not accurately represent the value of such Underlying. This may result in a 
Securityholder receiving less, or substantially less, than if they had purchased the Underlying directly from 
such market or trading venue.
In the event that the prices of the Underlying decline, the Securities may be worth less than Securityholders’ 
initial investment.
4.2
Storage, custody and related risks in respect of Crypto Assets
(A)
Storage and custody risks
(1) General storage and custody risks
The distributed ledger associated with an Underlying may be a fully decentralised “public” and 
“permissionless” system. Therefore, the ledger is not held by a central authority at a single location 
but distributed among a network of users. Public permissionless ledgers relating to Crypto Assets 
are transparent and can be viewed by any individual. However, the control and transfer of Crypto 
Assets can only be effected by the possessor of unique private keys relating to the relevant 
addresses or Wallets against which those Crypto Assets are recorded. Thus, securing private 
keys is crucial to the safeguarding of Crypto Assets. 
If the private key and any seed, back-up or master key related to it, are lost, destroyed or otherwise 
compromised, the Crypto Assets held in the related Wallet may be inaccessible, and the private 
key may not be capable of being restored. The loss or destruction of a private key may be 
irreversible, unless a seed, back-up or master key related to it exists. Thus, any loss of a private 
key, seed, back-up or master key related to the Wallets used to store the Underlying could result 
in the total loss of the Underlying.
Furthermore, if a third-party gains access to private keys (or the relevant seeds, back-ups or 
master keys related to those private keys), that third-party may use the private keys to transfer 
the Underlying to a separate public address or Wallet. The Issuer cannot transfer the Underlying 
back to it without access to the private key of the other Wallet. 
A cyber-attack, natural disaster or any other operational, technical or human disruption could also 
leave the Issuer unable to access or recover the Underlying. The risk of loss due to the loss of 
any relevant private keys and relevant seeds, back-ups or master keys is generally greater for 
Crypto Assets like the Underlying when compared to other asset classes, given their decentralised 
nature and the variations in the sophistication of access methodologies. 
The Issuer may mitigate against these risks by appointing one or more specialised and 
experienced Custodian(s), however this will not eliminate the risk of loss. The specific security 
implementation and processes employed by institutional custody solutions may vary. Often 
custodians offer duplicate high security vaults for safekeeping of private keys, as well as any 
related seed, back-up or master key, with complex security protocols surrounding access to the 
vaults and withdrawals from addresses associated with the private keys. Such custody 
arrangements aim to offer high levels of security. It is, however, important to note, that no storage

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors
19
system is impenetrable, and the storage systems employed by the Custodian(s) may not be free 
from defect or immune to force majeure events. Any loss due to a security breach, software defect 
or force majeure event will generally be borne, indirectly, by the Securityholders, given the Issuer’s 
obligations to Securityholders are backed by the Crypto Asset Collateral held on behalf of the 
Issuer by the Custodian(s). The Custodian(s) may face risks stemming from, but not limited to, 
technology, operations, processes, and people. The Custodian(s) will generally store the private 
keys that provide access to the Crypto Asset Collateral in “cold” (i.e., offline) Wallets, which, 
depending on the exact technical solution implemented, are designed to include hurdles and 
delays to mitigate risk. This may cause delays in accessing the Crypto Asset Collateral and may 
prevent disposing of the Crypto Asset Collateral immediately (which may prove significant in 
volatile market conditions, given the prospect of adverse price movements). The jurisdiction or 
geography in which private keys, and any seeds, back-ups or master keys related to it, are stored 
by the Custodian(s) may also affect the ability to access or withdraw Crypto Asset Collateral in 
instances where regulation changes. Also, in certain events, such as in case of the Custodian’s 
insolvency, sanctions or compliance measures, legal or regulatory restrictions may impair the 
ability to access or withdraw the Crypto Asset Collateral.
The Issuer will not be able to access or withdraw the Crypto Asset Collateral for a period of time 
should the Custodian(s) experience any kind of systematic failure relating to technology, process 
or people. Access to or withdrawal of the Crypto Asset Collateral could be restricted by natural 
events, human actions or omissions.
There is a risk that some or all of the Crypto Asset Collateral could be lost, stolen, destroyed or 
become inaccessible, through computer or human error (e.g., mistyping an address), or through 
theft or criminal action, potentially by the loss or theft of the private keys, or the relevant seeds, 
back-ups or master keys related to the aforementioned private keys, held by the Custodian(s) 
associated with the public addresses against which the Crypto Asset Collateral is recorded. While 
public keys can be regenerated or located using certain on-chain information, private keys are 
unique and cannot be replaced or recreated, unless any seeds, back-ups or master keys relating 
to those private keys are available. 
Multiple thefts of Crypto Assets from other holders have occurred in the past. Because of the 
decentralised and pseudonymous process for transferring Crypto Assets, thefts can be difficult to 
trace, which may make Crypto Assets an attractive target for theft. The Custodian(s) apply 
security procedures intended to protect the Crypto Asset Collateral, but there can be no assurance 
that those procedures will be successful in preventing such loss, theft or restriction on access. 
Investors should not invest unless they understand the risk that the Issuer may lose possession 
or control of the Crypto Asset Collateral. The Crypto Asset Collateral held by the Custodian(s) 
may be an appealing target for hackers or malware distributors seeking to destroy, damage or 
steal the Crypto Asset Collateral via its private keys.
Security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer malware and computer hacking attacks have been a 
prevalent concern in relation to Crypto Assets, as well as Crypto Asset-related companies. Any 
cyber security breach caused by hacking, which involves efforts to gain unauthorised access to 
information or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, 
hardware or other computer equipment, and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses, 
could harm the business operations or reputation of the Issuer, resulting in loss of the Crypto 
Asset Collateral. Any problems relating to the performance and effectiveness of security 
procedures used by the service providers of the Issuer and in particular the Custodian(s) to protect 
the Crypto Asset Collateral, such as algorithms, codes, passwords, multiple signature systems, 
encryption and telephone call-backs will have an adverse impact on an investment in the 
Securities. Furthermore, as the Crypto Asset Collateral holdings grow, the Issuer and the 
Custodian(s) may become a more appealing target for cyber security threats such as hackers and 
malware. Furthermore, cyber security attacks orchestrated or funded by state actors may be 
particularly difficult to defend against because of the resources that state actors have at their 
disposal.
The Crypto Asset Collateral may be lost or stolen during the transfer of such Crypto Assets e.g., 
from the Issuer’s Wallet at the relevant Custodian(s) to the applicable Authorised Participant or 
Crypto Broker. During any such transfer, the Crypto Asset may be vulnerable to security breaches, 
including hacking.
Crypto Asset storage systems and operational infrastructure may be breached due to the actions 
of outside parties, error or insider malfeasance of an employee of the service providers of the 
Issuer and in particular the Custodian(s), or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorised party 
may obtain access to the Issuer’s Wallets. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors
20
induce employees of the Issuer’s service providers, particularly the Custodian(s) to disclose 
sensitive information in order to gain access to the Crypto Asset Collateral. As the techniques 
used to obtain unauthorised access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change 
frequently, or may be designed to remain dormant until a predetermined event and often are not 
recognised until launched against a target, the Custodian(s) may be unable to anticipate these 
techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of a 
storage system occurs, a loss of confidence in Crypto Asset storage systems may decrease the 
market price of the Crypto Asset and/or the Securities. An actual or suspected security breach of 
a storage system that gives rise to a Disruption Event under the Conditions will also allow the 
Issuer to cease subscriptions and redemptions of the Securities.
If the Crypto Asset Collateral is lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party 
liable to the Issuer, the responsible party may not have the financial resources sufficient to satisfy 
the Issuer’s claim. For example, as to a particular loss event, the only source of recovery for the 
Issuer may be limited to the relevant Custodian or, to the extent identifiable, other responsible 
third parties (for example, a thief), which may not have the financial resources (including liability 
insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of the Issuer. In addition to the financial uncertainty, 
there is limited legal certainty as to any enforcements granted as against such third parties. The 
jurisdiction and forum in which a claim is sought will likely have a substantial impact on the judicial 
remedies available to a claimant. For example, in certain jurisdictions there lacks precedent 
pertaining to the tracing and enforcement of Crypto Assets which have been fraudulently 
misappropriated, whilst in other jurisdictions there have been recent instances in which remedies 
were granted to claimants as a result of Crypto Assets being successfully traced.
(2)
Additional information on Zodia Custody
The Issuer has established a custody relationship with Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited (“Zodia”), 
and may appoint Zodia as Custodian in respect of a given Series of Securities. In this case, some 
or all of the Issuer’s Crypto Asset Collateral may be held in Wallets operated by Zodia. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Zodia operates a “cold” (i.e., offline) storage solution in 
respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral. The main risk of such solutions is the risk of damage or 
loss of the infrastructure on which such storage relies, which may result in the Crypto Asset 
Collateral being inaccessible or incapable of being accessed until such time as Wallets can be 
reconstituted using the encrypted master seed in conjunction with a new Hardware Security 
Module (“HSM”). With the master seed, the master key can be recreated, which allows for the 
reconstitution of the Wallet seeds and the respective private keys. The master seed is unique and 
cannot be recreated. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is expected that all Crypto Asset Collateral held in the 
Collateral Account at Zodia will be separated into segregated cold storage address Wallets. 
Cryptographic master keys are generated in an offline environment and are stored in HSMs. Zodia 
officers and auditors witness and document all cryptographic master key generation ceremonies. 
Wallets can be reconstituted from the encrypted Wallet seeds protected by the master key. Zodia 
stores shards of the master key in vaults in secure locations with security 24 hours a day, 7 days 
a week, 365 days a year across the globe, in jurisdictions with robust regulatory regimes. For 
decryption, withdrawals follow stringent cold storage restore protocols to sign any transaction and 
bring funds back online, including multiple independent actors, multi-factor authentication, 
transaction intent digital-signing, software-based security enforcement and operational checks 
and balances. 
The cold storage solution operated by Zodia offers instantaneous withdrawals and 24/7 availability 
of the assets. Instantaneous withdrawals removes the timelapse which may allow a change or 
suspension in withdrawal instructions and/or the ability to correct erroneous transaction 
instructions. Therefore, a high non-repudiation solution using digital signatures is implemented 
such that multiple reviews and approvers are required, reducing the likelihood of errors or 
incorrect transactions from being made.
Notwithstanding the above, it is possible that Zodia or a system interfacing with Zodia could be 
subject to a hacking attempt. Such attempt, if successful, could result in the loss of Crypto Asset 
Collateral, or make it impossible for the Issuer to create or redeem Securities. This may have an 
adverse impact on the value of the Securities and/or impair the Securityholders’ ability to dispose 
of their Securities.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors
21
(3) Additional information on Coinbase Custody
The Issuer has established a custody relationship with Coinbase Custody International Limited 
(“Coinbase”), and may appoint Coinbase as Custodian in respect of a given Series of Securities. 
In this case, some or all of the Issuer’s Crypto Asset Collateral may be held in Wallets operated 
by Coinbase. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Coinbase operates a “cold” (i.e., offline) storage solution 
in respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral. The main risk of such solutions is the risk of damage or 
loss of the infrastructure on which such storage relies, which may result in the Crypto Asset 
Collateral being inaccessible or incapable of being accessed until such time as Wallets can be 
reconstituted using back-up key materials. There are both backups of core cloud infrastructure 
and data that supports “Coinbase Prime” and “Vault” products, and backups of private key 
materials that are used to secure Crypto Assets under custody. Vault storage private key disaster 
recovery materials are globally distributed in secure locations to ensure the capability to continue 
operations in event of a disaster.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is expected that all Crypto Asset Collateral held in the 
Collateral Account at Coinbase will be separated into segregated cold storage address Wallets. 
Cryptographic keys are generated in an offline environment, dual-encrypted and split into several 
shares. The final shares from this process are stored in geo-redundant, physical secure storage 
facilities. Key generation for Wallets follows a tested, tightly scripted process which is monitored 
by an independent party in real time. Furthermore, key generation ceremonies are video recorded. 
Coinbase stores private key materials in secure storage units in secure locations globally with 
security 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. For decryption, withdrawals follow 
stringent access protocols to sign any transaction, including multiple independent actors, 
cryptographic consensus mechanisms, software-based security enforcement and operational 
checks and balances. 
Notwithstanding the above, it is possible that Coinbase or a system interfacing with the Custodian 
could be subject to a hacking attempt. Such an attempt, if successful, could result in the loss of 
Crypto Asset Collateral, or make it impossible for the Issuer to create or redeem Securities. This 
may have an adverse impact on the value of the Securities and/or impair the Securityholders’ 
ability to dispose of their Securities.
(B)
Risks relating to the insolvency of the Custodian(s) or a breach by the Custodian(s) of the 
Custody Agreements
As explained above, the Issuer will appoint one or more Custodian(s) to manage and safekeep 
the Crypto Asset Collateral for a given Series of Securities, which will include holding the private 
key(s) associated with the public Wallet address(es) against which such Crypto Asset Collateral 
is recorded. Each Custodian will enter into a Custody Agreement with the Issuer, setting out the 
terms on which that the relevant Custodian agrees to provide custody services. 
The terms of each Custody Agreement will provide that the Custodian will hold the Crypto Asset 
Collateral relating to a given Series of Securities such that they are clearly identifiable, and legally 
and operationally segregated from (i) the assets held by the Custodian as principal, (ii) the assets 
held by the Custodian for its other customers and (iii) the assets held by the Custodian for the 
Issuer in relation to each other Series of Securities. The Crypto Asset Collateral will also be held 
by the Custodian on trust for the Issuer, such that they will not be treated as the general assets 
of the Custodian. 
Nevertheless, if the Custodian(s) appointed by the Issuer were to be subject to insolvency or 
analogous proceedings, there is a risk that the Issuer will face a delay in transferring or receiving 
the Crypto Asset Collateral held by that Custodian, or be unable to retrieve the Crypto Asset 
Collateral altogether. For example, this may arise in the following three circumstances:
•
First, if the Custodian is subject to insolvency or analogous proceedings, the relevant 
insolvency practitioner would need to identify (i) which Crypto Assets are being held by the 
Custodian on a proprietary basis (in which case they will form part of the insolvency estate 
of the Custodian and be sold, with the proceeds being distributed to creditors) and (ii) which 
Crypto Assets are being held by the Custodian on trust as Crypto Asset Collateral (in which 
case they would not form part of the insolvency estate, and would be returned to the relevant 
beneficiaries). Similarly, the insolvency practitioner would need to consider where Crypto 
Assets are being held – and, if they are determined to be held overseas, it might be 
necessary for the insolvency practitioner to apply for recognition in an overseas jurisdiction

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors
22
before it can legitimately distribute Crypto Assets to the rightful beneficiaries. Either aspects 
may lead to delays or other complications in the return of the Crypto Asset Collateral relating 
to a given Series of Securities to the Issuer, particularly given the legal treatment of Crypto 
Assets upon insolvency is relatively untested, especially in relation to cross-border 
arrangements. 
•
Second, in order to transfer Crypto Asset Collateral relating to a Series of Securities following 
the Custodian’s insolvency, the relevant insolvency practitioner will need access to, or 
assistance in accessing, the private keys (or the respective back-up key material, encrypted 
master seed or master key shards to reconstitute the private keys) relating to the Wallet(s) 
in which the Crypto Asset Collateral for the relevant Series of Securities are recorded. This 
may prove difficult if the Custodian’s safeguarding processes or storage arrangements are 
found to be deficient and/or not functioning as intended post-insolvency (for example, due 
to the absence of key personnel). If the insolvency practitioner is unable to access or recover 
the private keys (because, for example, any relevant back-up key material, encrypted master 
seed or master key shards are inaccessible), then it may be impossible to recover such 
Crypto Asset Collateral and return them to the Issuer or deliver them to a third-party Wallet 
address or Wallet at the Issuer’s instruction. By design, the back-up key materials, encrypted 
master seed or master key shards are not readily accessible, the process of retrieving or 
locating the back-up key material, encrypted master seed or master key shards may also 
lead to a delay in the return of any Crypto Asset Collateral. 
•
Third, if the Custodian(s) fail to hold the Crypto Asset Collateral on a segregated trust basis 
as described further above, in breach of the requirements set out in the applicable Custody 
Agreement, then the Crypto Asset Collateral may not be returned to the Issuer in the manner 
it anticipates. In particular, if the Custodian records the Crypto Asset Collateral relating to a 
given Series of Securities in an omnibus Wallet (in which the Crypto Assets belonging to 
other clients of the Custodian, or Crypto Assets attributable to another Series of Securities, 
are also recorded) then the Crypto Assets recorded in such Wallet may be returnable to the 
Issuer and any other client on a pro rata basis. If there is a shortfall in the number of Crypto 
Assets recorded in the relevant Wallet when compared to the amount of Crypto Assets due 
back to the Issuer and any other relevant client, this could mean that the Issuer may receive 
fewer Crypto Assets than it would otherwise have received if the Crypto Assets were 
recorded against a segregated Wallet for each Series of Securities, as required under the 
relevant Custody Agreement. This will adversely affect the Securityholders, given those 
Crypto Assets are the only assets available to support the Issuer’s obligations to 
Securityholders upon redemption.
There may be other circumstances in which risks similar to those may arise (e.g. if a Custodian 
breaches another term of the relevant Custody Agreement). Those risks will generally be borne, 
indirectly, by the Securityholders, given the Issuer’s obligations to Securityholders are backed by 
the Crypto Asset Collateral held on behalf of the Issuer by the Custodian(s). 
Securityholders should also be aware that the insolvency of a Custodian will only constitute a 
Custodian Default (being a type of Event of Default) in relation to a Series of Securities if the 
Issuer has not already appointed an alternative Custodian or is not able to appoint an alternative 
Custodian for such Series and transfer all the Crypto Asset Collateral held with such Custodian 
for such Series to such alternative Custodian within 90 days from the date of the Custodian’s 
insolvency. As such, the Trustee cannot give an Event of Default Redemption Notice and seek 
an early redemption of the Securities following the insolvency of the Custodian unless the Crypto 
Asset Collateral cannot be transferred to an alternative Custodian in full, and even then not until 
the 90 day period has elapsed. Similar consequences apply if the Custodian of a given Series of 
Securities were to resign, terminate its appointment or have its appointment terminated or 
materially breach its obligations under the relevant Custodian Agreement (being the other events 
that can give rise to a Custodian Default, subject to the same provisions described above). 
(C)
Any insurance policies maintained by the Custodian(s) may be inadequate
The Custodian(s) relating to a Series of Securities may maintain insurance policies in relation to 
their custody services, which could (in certain circumstances) benefit the relevant Custodian’s 
clients, including the Issuer. However, there can be no guarantee that the coverage of those 
policies will be sufficient, or that any particular incident giving rise to loss will be covered by the

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors
23
terms of those insurance policies. For these reasons, any incident that leads to the partial or total 
loss of the Crypto Asset Collateral may not give rise to an actionable claim under any relevant 
insurance policy. The actions or omissions of the Custodian in question could also disqualify a 
potential claim under any relevant insurance policies or lead to an insurance policy lapsing prior 
to the occurrence of loss. Moreover, even if a valid claim could be made under any relevant 
insurance policy, the process for making such a claim could be prolonged and subject to dispute. 
The Issuer may not therefore recover an amount equal to any loss it suffers, even if covered in 
principle by an insurance policy maintained by the Custodian(s). These risks will be borne 
indirectly by Securityholders.
(D)
The Custodian(s) may cease to support the Underlying
The Custodian(s) appointed by the Issuer will, in the relevant Custody Agreement, agree to 
support certain types of Crypto Assets. In certain circumstances, including as a result of a change 
of law, the Custodian(s) may determine that they are no longer able to offer custody services in 
respect of the Underlying. If the Custodian(s) relating to a given Series of Securities makes such 
a determination, the Issuer will have to withdraw the Crypto Assets held by that Custodian and 
transfer it to another address or Wallet (potentially, the address or Wallet operated by another 
Custodian appointed by the Issuer).
In such circumstances, there may be a delay in the ability of the Issuer to access the Crypto Asset 
Collateral, or the Issuer may be unable to access the Crypto Asset Collateral at all. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer may sell the Crypto Asset Collateral at a time when the price of the 
relevant Underlying is unfavourable, or they may not be able to make such sale at all. 
(E)
Risks relating to the quarantine procedures of the Custodian(s)
The relevant Custodian(s) may conduct reviews in relation to Crypto Asset Collateral when 
transferred to and from the public Wallet addresses attributable to the Issuer and thereafter from 
time to time, which may involve anti-money laundering checks, verification screenings and other 
related checks and procedures designed to ensure compliance with any KYC Requirements, 
applicable laws and regulations and/or the relevant Custodian’s own internal policies (“Quarantine 
Reviews”). 
Crypto Assets transferred to the Issuer may not form part of the Crypto Asset Collateral in relation 
to the relevant Series of Securities (and may not thus form part of the Transaction Security) until 
any relevant Quarantine Review has been completed. Moreover, if Crypto Assets that had already 
been transferred to or recorded against the public Wallet address(es) attributable to the Issuer 
were to fail a Quarantine Review (“Quarantined Crypto Assets”), then those Quarantined Crypto 
Assets may become inaccessible to the Issuer and/or no longer constitute Crypto Asset Collateral 
for the relevant Series of Securities. In these circumstances, the Quarantined Crypto Assets may 
no longer be subject to the Transaction Security and may thus no longer be available for 
distribution to the Secured Creditors in a default scenario. 
In addition, the Conditions of the Securities provide that:
•
A Disruption Event may occur if any of the Crypto Assets transferred to or held in the 
Collateral Account maintained by a Custodian in relation to the Issuer and a Series of 
Securities are or become Quarantined Crypto Assets. If the Issuer has determined that such 
a Disruption Event has occurred, it may (in the circumstances described in the Conditions) 
postpone one or more valuation or redemption dates relating to the affected Securities and/or 
decline requests for subscriptions or redemptions thereof until, in each case, the relevant 
disruption has ceased. 
•
If the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that a Disruption Event (including a Disruption 
Event caused by Crypto Assets becoming Quarantined Crypto Assets, as aforesaid) is 
continuing for 30 days or more, then the Issuer may redeem the affected Securities in whole 
but not in part. The consent of or approval by the Securityholders, the Trustee or any other 
Transaction Party is not required in relation to such a redemption.
Prospective investors should be aware of the possibility that Crypto Assets will become 
Quarantined Crypto Assets and of the consequences outlined above, which could adversely affect

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors
24
the liquidity and valuation of any affected Securities (amongst other things). Neither the Issuer nor 
the Custodian provide any assurance as regards the prospect of such events occurring in relation 
to any given Crypto Asset. 
(F)
Network fees
The protocols underlying certain blockchain networks require fees to be paid when transferring 
Crypto Assets from one address or Wallet to another (‘network fees’). Such network fees are 
payable in the Crypto Asset that is native to the relevant blockchain network. Network fees 
charged in relation to Crypto Asset Collateral of a given Series will generally be borne by the 
Custodian(s) appointed in relation to that Series. The relevant Custodian may pay network fees 
by pre-funding the relevant address or Wallet with additional Crypto Assets (with the surplus being 
deducted when network fees are charged) and/or by paying network fees using Crypto Assets 
recorded against the relevant address or Wallet and reimbursing the address or Wallet by an 
equivalent amount of Crypto Assets, on the same day, by the end of a week or by the end of a 
month (as applicable) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Custody Agreement. 
Securityholders should be aware that the imposition of network fees, and the routes adopted by 
the Custodian(s) to pay them, may result in a temporary shortfall in the amount of Crypto Asset 
Collateral held by the Custodian(s) in respect of a given Series of Securities when compared to 
the amount of Crypto Asset Collateral that is required to cover the Issuer’s obligations (including 
to Securityholders). However, the quantum of such shortfall is expected to be low, and any such 
shortfall is expected to be rectified at the end of day, week or month (as applicable in accordance 
with the terms of the relevant Custody Agreement) in which it arises.
4.3
Blockchain-related risks
(A)
Risks in respect of blockchain technology
Crypto Assets rely on blockchain technology and other cryptographic and algorithmic protocols 
that represent new and rapidly evolving technologies that are subject to a variety of factors that 
are difficult to evaluate. There is a risk that certain technical issues might be uncovered and the 
troubleshooting and resolution of such issues likely will require the attention and efforts of 
decentralised communities including but not limited to developers, node operators and miners / 
validators where applicable. Moreover, in the past, flaws in the source code for Crypto Assets 
have been exposed and exploited, including flaws that disabled some functionality for users, 
exposed users’ personal information and/or Crypto Assets, even resulting in the theft of users’ 
Crypto Assets. Discovery of flaws in, or exploitations of, the source code that allow malicious 
actors to take or create Crypto Assets in contravention of known network rules have occurred. 
The cryptography underpinning the Underlying could prove to be flawed or ineffective, or 
developments in mathematics and/or technology, including advances in digital computing, 
algebraic geometry and quantum computing, could result in such cryptography becoming 
ineffective. In any of these circumstances, if the Issuer holds the affected Crypto Asset, a 
malicious actor may be able to steal the Underlying, which would adversely affect an investment 
in the Securities. Moreover, this could rapidly destroy the integrity of any Crypto Asset and 
undermine confidence in the Crypto Asset markets in general. Crypto Assets may experience 
periods of disruption or become subject to manipulation as new technologies become available 
or during periods of disparate adoption of new hardware, software or protocols. The Issuer makes 
no guarantees about the reliability of the protocol or cryptography used to create, issue, distribute, 
transmit, secure or store Crypto Assets held by the Issuer. 
Even if only a particular Crypto Asset (which was not an Underlying) was affected by such 
circumstances, any reduction in confidence in the source code or cryptography generally could 
negatively affect the demand for Crypto Assets and therefore negatively impact the market value 
of the Underlying. This in turn will lead to a reduction in the market value of the Securities, which 
may result in Securityholders receiving less (or significantly less) than their initial investment. 
(B)
Development, maintenance and governance of Crypto Assets networks
The public networks underlying Crypto Assets operate based on an open-source protocol 
maintained and further developed by a group of decentralised developers. There may be a lack 
of financial incentive for developers to maintain or develop the network, and the developers may 
lack the resources to adequately address emerging issues with the relevant Crypto Assets 
protocol. There can be no assurance that the core developers of a Crypto Assets network will

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors
25
continue to be involved in the network, or that new volunteer developers will emerge to replace 
them. Moreover, the group of “core” developers of a Crypto Asset network may be highly 
concentrated, leading to additional development and maintenance risks. Additionally, some 
development and developers are funded by companies whose interests may be at odds with other 
participants in the network or with investors’ interests. To the extent that material issues arise with 
a Crypto Asset protocol and the developers are unable or unwilling to address the issues 
adequately or in a timely manner, the Crypto Assets may diminish in value or become worthless. 
In addition, many Crypto Assets rely on decentralised participants to operate the network through 
verifying transactions on an ongoing basis. As the underlying technology and node operators 
facilitate the transfer of Crypto Assets and keep records of transactions that take place across the 
network, their role is essential in designating and sizing the amounts that are held by the holder. 
The failure of decentralised participants to continue to maintain a network by verifying transactions 
may result in the relevant Crypto Assets losing value or becoming worthless. 
Governance of decentralised Crypto Asset networks is achieved through voluntary consensus 
and open competition. In other words, Crypto Asset networks have no central decision-making 
body or clear manner in which participants can come to an agreement other than through majority 
consensus. The lack of clarity on governance may adversely affect such Crypto Asset networks’ 
utility and ability to grow and address challenges, both of which may require solutions and directed 
effort to overcome problems, especially long-term problems.
The occurrence of any failures or malfunctions above may result in a decrease (or total) loss in 
value of the relevant Underlying, which would result in Securityholders suffering a loss (or a 
significant loss) on their investment in the Securities.
(C)
Scalability risks
Many Crypto Assets’ networks face significant challenges in respect of scaling and the number of 
transactions per second the network can handle. Various solutions to such scalability issues have 
been proposed for different Crypto Assets. For example, the Bitcoin network was upgraded in 
2017 with a technical feature referred to as “segregated witness” that, amongst other things, could 
increase the number of transactions that can be handled on the network. 
An increasing number of Wallets and Crypto Asset intermediaries, such as trading venues, have 
begun supporting segregated witness and similar technologies, however such solutions do not 
yet have uniform widespread adoption. If the use of Crypto Assets’ networks increase without a 
corresponding increase of solutions to increase scalability of the networks, network congestion 
may significantly increase transaction costs and settlement times. This could preclude certain use 
cases for Crypto Assets (e.g. small payment amounts), which could reduce demand for and the 
price of such Crypto Assets, which in turn could adversely impact an investment in the Securities.
There is no guarantee that any of the mechanisms in place or being explored for increasing the 
scalability of Crypto Assets’ networks will be effective, or how long these mechanisms will take to 
become effective, which could adversely impact an investment in the Securities.
(D)
Disruption of the internet
Crypto Assets are dependent upon the internet. A significant disruption in internet connectivity 
could disrupt a Crypto Assets network’s operations and have an adverse effect on the price of 
such Crypto Assets. 
(E)
Hacking and Denial-of-service attacks
Blockchains on which Crypto Assets operate utilise the internet, cryptography and the use of 
public and private keys to prove ownership of Crypto Assets and record the transfer of Crypto 
Assets. There have been public examples of hacking of Crypto Assets service providers such as 
trading venues, custodians and computer systems. In particular, certain Crypto Assets are 
susceptible to border gateway protocol (“BGP”) hijacking. Such an attack can be a very effective 
way for an attacker to intercept traffic en route to a legitimate destination. BGP hijacking impacts 
the way different nodes and miners are connected to one another to isolate portions of them from 
the remainder of the network, which could lead to a risk of the network allowing double-spending 
and other security issues. 
In many Crypto Asset transactions, the recipient of the Crypto Assets must provide its public key, 
which serves as an address for a digital Wallet, to the party initiating the transfer. In the data

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors
26
packets distributed from Crypto Asset software programs to confirm transaction activity, each 
Crypto Asset user must “sign” transactions with an output derived from entering such user’s 
private key and this signature serves as validation that the transaction has been authorised by 
the owner of such Crypto Asset. This process is vulnerable to hacking and malware, and could 
lead to theft of the Issuer’s digital Wallets and the loss of the Issuer’s Crypto Assets.
Additionally, users of several Crypto Asset exchanges and other Crypto Asset service providers 
have been subject to “phishing” scams, where hackers have fraudulently obtained account 
credentials and perpetuated large-scale thefts of users’ Crypto Assets.
Some Crypto Assets have been subjected to a number of denial-of-service attacks, which have 
led to temporary delays in block creation and in the transfer of such Crypto Assets. While in certain 
cases in response to an attack, a hard fork has been introduced to increase the cost of certain 
network functions, the relevant network has continued to be the subject of additional attacks. 
Moreover, it is possible that if such Crypto Assets increase in value, it may become a bigger target 
for hackers and subject to more frequent hacking and denial-of-service attacks.
Any event of hacking in relation to a Crypto Assets may impact faith and sentiment in that Crypto 
Assets and Crypto Assets generally and may negatively impact the market value of Crypto Assets. 
This could consequently impact the value of an Underlying and therefore an investment in the 
Securities.
(F)
Irreversibility and Irrecoverability
Under standard operating conditions, transactions in Crypto Assets are generally irreversible, in 
that they can only be reversed by carrying out a subsequent trade in the opposite direction. 
Accordingly, rectifying a mistaken or unauthorised transaction in a Crypto Asset can only be done 
with the consent and active participation from the recipient of the transaction. To the extent that 
any of the relevant Crypto Assets are incorrectly or fraudulently transferred, they therefore are 
likely to be irretrievable. Please see further details under “Malicious Activity” below that may 
impact irreversibility and irrecoverability.
(G)
Malicious Activity
Crypto Asset networks and service providers (e.g. custodians, platforms and trading venues) may 
be subject to attacks by malicious persons, entities or malware.
A malicious actor or group of actors could obtain a majority of the transaction validation process 
of a particular Crypto Asset’s blockchain network. The malicious actor(s) may be able to construct 
fraudulent blocks or prevent certain transactions from completing, either in a timely manner or at 
all. The malicious actor(s) could control, exclude or modify the ordering of transactions. While a 
malicious actor would not be able to generate new transactions in the Crypto Asset using such 
control, it could “double-spend” its own Crypto Assets (i.e. spend the same Crypto Asset in more 
than one transaction (in a so-called “51% attack”)) and prevent the confirmation of other users’ 
transactions for so long as it maintained control of the network. To the extent that such malicious 
actor(s) did not yield its control of the network, or the network community did not reject the 
fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to the blockchain may not be 
possible. Further, a malicious actor could create a flood of transactions in order to slow down 
confirmations of transactions on the network. 
Malicious activities such as these may reduce confidence in Crypto Assets generally and result 
in greater price volatility. This in turn could affect the return on the Securities and may negatively 
impact the amount a Securityholder may receive on redemption.
(H)
Risks relating to the Underlying’s consensus mechanisms 
Crypto Assets reach decentral consensus on the network state (i.e., transactions) based on their 
underlying consensus mechanisms. Consensus mechanisms are integral to the operation of the 
blockchain networks underpinning Crypto Assets. Errors in the consensus mechanism could 
jeopardise the integrity and security of the blockchain network. Material issues may be hard to 
overcome and/or easy to exploit and may even lead to a Crypto Asset losing all of its value. Any 
issues with the operation of a consensus mechanism or other technological process may affect 
the availability or value of an Underlying and therefore may adversely impact the value of any 
associated Securities.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors
27
Crypto assets based on decentral consensus mechanisms have gained commercial acceptance 
only within recent years and, as a result, there is little data on the long-term viability. Additionally, 
due to the rapidly evolving nature of the Crypto Asset market, Securityholders are exposed to 
additional risks which are difficult to predict as of the date of this Base Prospectus. This uncertainty 
makes an investment in the Security very risky.
Network participants that validate new transactions to the blockchain (miners in proof of work 
blockchains and validators in proof of stake blockchains) are able to see pending transactions, 
and to choose what transactions they include in the blocks they are creating. While miners and 
validators are generally economically incentivised, there is no guarantee that they process a 
particular transaction even if sufficient transaction fees were added to the transaction. This may 
cause a settlement delay which could negatively impact redemption timelines. Also, the finality of 
a blockchain settlement may not be fully verified. In addition, this enables these network 
participants to manipulate the market to an extent by reordering, adding or removing transactions 
in the blocks being broadcast across the network, which may include inserting their own trades 
either before or after certain transactions. This is known as “maximal extractable value” or “MEV”. 
MEV allows these network participants to front- or back-run the market to maximise the value of 
the transactions they are making, at the expense of other market participants, which may 
negatively affect transactions in the Underlying when they are bought or sold.
The two most widespread consensus mechanisms are proof of work and proof of stake, described 
further below.
(1)
Risks stemming from proof of work consensus mechanism 
Certain Crypto Assets rely on “proof of work” consensus mechanisms for the purposes of 
validating proposed transactions. The proof of work consensus mechanism requires network 
participants commonly referred to as “miners” to compete to solve a computationally-intensive 
mathematical problem in order to add a new block containing new transactions to the blockchain. 
The process of solving such mathematical problems requires miners to expend a potentially 
significant amount of processing power, which (in aggregate) consumes a high amount of energy. 
To incentivise participation in the mining process, the miner that solves the mathematical problem 
first is awarded a “block reward”. The block reward consists of transaction fees for all transactions 
included in the new block and potentially newly minted Crypto Assets. We outline certain 
additional risks relating to proof of work consensus mechanisms below:
(a)
High energy consumption and associated risks
As a result of the high energy consumption involved in certain proof of work consensus 
mechanisms, it is possible that regulators will take the view that the relevant blockchain 
network(s) should be subject to rules that limit the amount of energy (and carbon emissions) 
that can be expended by nodes during the proof of work process. This could result in the 
effective prohibition on proof of work protocols in extreme cases. Any such prohibition 
would have a negative effect on the price and liquidity of the affected Crypto Assets, and 
by extension, any Securities linked to such Crypto Assets (unless the applicable 
blockchain network is able to transition to an alternative consensus mechanism that 
complies with the relevant rules). 
It is also possible that proof of work consensus mechanisms, and the Crypto Assets that 
utilise them, become unpopular as a result of environmental concerns, which could have 
a bearing on market prices.
(b)
Miners may collude to raise transaction fees
Miners are not forced to confirm any specific transaction, but they are economically 
incentivised to confirm valid transactions as a means of collecting fees. Miners have 
historically accepted relatively low transaction fees. If miners collude in an anticompetitive 
manner to reject low transaction fees, then Crypto Assets users could be forced to pay 
higher fees, thus reducing the attractiveness of the Crypto Assets network. Mining occurs 
globally, and it may be difficult for authorities to apply antitrust regulations across multiple 
jurisdictions. Any collusion among miners may adversely impact the attractiveness of the 
network on which the relevant Underlying is based and may adversely impact an 
investment in the Securities.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors
28
(c)
Reduction in miner rewards may adversely impact ability to verify 
transactions 
Miners generate revenue from both transaction fees and rewards of the relevant Crypto 
Assets (known as “block reward”) for verifying transactions. Mining operations have rapidly 
evolved over the past several years and frequently involve “professionalised” operations 
which may use proprietary hardware or sophisticated machinery which requires significant 
capital and scale to run. 
If the aggregate revenue from the block reward is below a miner’s cost, or the difficulty and 
time taken to solve blocks increases, or miners are unable to acquire the required 
equipment necessary to develop and launch operations, the miner may not have adequate 
incentive to continue to mine and may cease operations. In addition, a “professionalised” 
mining operation operating a low profit margin may be more likely to sell a higher 
percentage of the Crypto Assets earned as “block reward”, which may result in a higher 
percentage of new Crypto Assets being sold into the market which may reduce prices. 
Any reduction in the amount of rewards generated by miners may lead to reduced numbers 
of miners, which would adversely affect the process for verifying transactions in the Crypto 
Assets and make the network of that Crypto Assets more vulnerable to a malicious actor 
obtaining sufficient control to alter the relevant blockchain and hinder transactions. It may 
also lead to an increase of newly-minted Crypto Assets being sold into the market. Any 
reduction in confidence in the confirmation process or processing power of the Crypto 
Assets may adversely affect an investment in the Underlying, which may in turn adversely 
affect an investment in the Securities. 
(d)
Exclusion of transactions
To the extent that any miners solve blocks that exclude some or all transactions that have 
been transmitted to the Crypto Assets network, such transactions will not be recorded on 
the relevant blockchain until another miner solves a block that incorporates those 
transactions. In respect of certain Crypto Assets (for example, Bitcoin), some participants 
in the community suspect the use of certain technologies enhance speed and reduce 
electricity use of mining while reducing the number of transactions that are included in 
mined blocks on the network. If more blocks are mined without transactions, transactions 
will settle more slowly, and fees will increase. This could result in a loss of confidence in 
the relevant Crypto Assets network, which could reduce the value of the Underlying and, 
in turn, adversely impact an investment in the Securities.
(2)
Risks stemming from proof of stake consensus mechanism 
Crypto Assets may rely in total or in part on a “proof of stake” method of generating a 
distributed consensus. Proof of stake consensus mechanisms allow certain network 
participants called “validators” to validate transactions and add new blocks by “staking” 
Crypto Assets, i.e., providing the staked Crypto Assets as collateral which incentivises the 
validator to only add legitimate transactions. If a validator adds illegitimate transactions to 
the blockchain, they can lose a portion, or all, of their staked Crypto Assets in a penalty 
known as “slashing”. Staking generates payments to the validator of the staked Crypto 
Assets, depending on the amount of Crypto Assets a validator has staked. One advantage 
of proof of stake systems is that they are far less energy intensive than proof of work 
systems. 
As the proof of stake method rewards holders depending on the number of Crypto Assets 
it stakes, it may also encourage holders (such as the early participants) to retain large 
amounts of the Crypto Assets and effectively give such holders the right to veto or control 
the Crypto Assets or its associated blockchain network. While there are advantages to 
having users “buy in” to a Crypto Assets and support its development, excessive hoarding 
reduces the decentralised nature of verification of the relevant blockchain and may impair 
the spread of such Crypto Assets, including interfering with the widespread adoption of 
such Crypto Assets for use in transactions.
Proof of stake networks are newer and have a younger track record compared to proof of 
work networks and may be untested at scale. As a result, proof of stake networks may not 
work as intended. If proof of stake networks do not function as intended, or fail to gain

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors
29
adoption, the value of Crypto Assets relying on proof of stake consensus may be 
negatively affected, which could adversely affect the value of the Securities.
4.4
No staking rewards 
As outlined above, blockchain networks associated with certain Crypto Assets rely on proof of stake 
consensus mechanisms. Participants that stake Crypto Assets within those networks may receive staking 
rewards, depending on how the relevant protocols operate.
Prospective investors should note that the Issuer will procure that the Underlying relating to each Series of 
Securities is not staked. As such, the Issuer will not receive any staking rewards, and there is no prospect 
of any benefits associated with staking processes accruing for the benefit of the Securityholders. 
4.5
Trading venue risks
Crypto Assets do not have a central regulated marketplace or trading venue. The trading venues on which 
Crypto Assets are traded, commonly called “crypto exchanges” (although not regulated as “exchanges” in 
the U.S. or Europe), may pose special risks, as these crypto exchanges are relatively new and the rules 
governing their activities are unsettled. Given that Crypto Assets themselves may not yet be considered 
regulated financial instruments in many jurisdictions, the activities of crypto exchanges are still largely 
unregulated or under-regulated when compared to traditional asset exchanges. They may therefore be 
more exposed to theft, fraud, and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. Crypto 
exchanges may be start-up businesses with limited institutional backing, limited operating history, and no 
publicly available financial information. In some cases their financial positions are unclear and some trading 
venues have failed due to financial mismanagement. Many go beyond matching trades for third parties 
and instead take proprietary positions. This makes crypto exchanges more susceptible to cybercrime, 
hackers, and malware and the risk of being shut down or experiencing losses of assets traded on such 
venue as a result of cybercrime. 
There are a small number of large crypto exchanges worldwide, some of which exert significant market 
influence. The exercise of this market influence has in the past caused significant movements in the Crypto 
Assets markets and may continue to do so in the future. 
Crypto exchanges may impose daily, weekly, monthly, or customer-specific transaction or distribution limits 
or suspend trading or withdrawals entirely, rendering the trading of Crypto Assets for fiat currency difficult 
or impossible. Crypto Assets prices and valuations on exchanges have been volatile and subject to 
influence by many factors, including the levels of liquidity on particular venues and operational interruptions 
and disruptions. In addition, significant volatility and unexpected price movements, as well as congestion 
on Underlying networks, has resulted in extreme stress on crypto exchanges and their infrastructure, which 
has in turn resulted in trading halts and the suspension of services. Moreover, there may be high price 
discrepancies for a particular Crypto Asset between different trading venues.
Any of the failures described above may result in the price of Crypto Assets (including the Underlying) 
being subject to significant volatility or hinder the ability of the Issuer (or any Crypto Broker) to acquire 
and/or sell the Underlying in respect of a Series of Securities. Any such event is likely to negatively impact 
an investment in the Securities. 
4.6
Hard forks 
(A)
General risks associated with hard forks
When a modification to the protocol underlying a Crypto Asset is adopted by a majority or 
significant minority of node operators, and it is not compatible with the protocol prior to its 
modification, the consequence may be an inadvertent or deliberate “hard fork” (i.e., a “split”) of 
the relevant protocol. The effect of such a hard fork is generally the existence of two (or more) 
versions of the network running in parallel; one version running the pre-modified protocol and the 
other running the modified protocol, each with its own version of the relevant Crypto Asset(s). If 
both networks continue to operate in parallel, they could potentially compete with each other for 
users, developers and node operators. The post-hard fork value of the Crypto Assets that exist 
by reference to each version of a blockchain network can be volatile and unpredictable. This may 
result in the holder owning the same Crypto Asset after the hard fork as before the hard fork, but 
at a lower market value. Hard forks may result in a number of issues, including the suspension of 
trading. Further, one or both of the post-hard fork blockchain networks may not be supported by 
an adequate amount of node operators or developers and may be vulnerable to attack and other 
risks. Hard forks may ultimately affect the integrity and stability of a blockchain network and overall

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors
30
confidence in its native Crypto Asset. Where a hard fork affects an Underlying, this may, in turn, 
impact the value of relevant Securities. A hard fork could also fundamentally alter the nature or 
functionality of a Crypto Asset or the associated blockchain network, which could have further 
consequences that are difficult to predict. 
Additionally, it may be unclear following a hard fork which blockchain represents the Original 
Crypto Asset and which represents the New Crypto Asset. Different metrics adopted by industry 
participants to determine which is the Original Crypto Asset may include e.g., wishes of the core 
developers of a Crypto Asset, the blockchain with the greatest amount of hashing power 
contributed by miners or higher share of the Crypto Assets staked by validators. To the extent 
that the Issuer decides which fork is a continuation of the Original Crypto Asset and which is the 
New Crypto Asset (as it is entitled under the Conditions of the Securities, as described further 
under “Consequences of a hard fork in relation to the Securities”, below), the Issuer may not look 
to any one factor as being dispositive and instead may seek to determine which asset is generally 
accepted as being the continuation of the Original Crypto Asset by looking at a number of factors, 
including those listed above, the actions of market participants, discussions on relevant forums, 
and the relevant spot and futures prices of the assets, among other factors. 
(B)
Consequences of a hard fork in relation to the Securities  
The Conditions of the Securities provide that, if a hard fork has occurred with respect to an 
Underlying, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, consider whether or not to take any actions in 
relation to the hard fork and whether or not to make any adjustments to the terms of the relevant 
Securities to account for such hard fork. If the Issuer determines to take such actions and/or make 
such adjustments, those actions and/or adjustments may be made without the consent of the 
Trustee or the Securityholders. Prospective investors should be aware that the Issuer is under no 
obligation to consult with the Trustee or the Securityholders when considering whether or not to 
take actions or make adjustments in relation to a hard fork, and may thus take actions or make 
adjustments that the Trustee or Securityholders may otherwise have objected to. The Issuer may, 
alternatively, determine to take no action following the occurrence of a hard fork. 
Without limiting the rights of the Issuer as described above, if a hard fork occurs with respect to 
an Underlying, the Issuer may resolve (but is under no obligation) to:
•
Determine which of the Original Crypto Assets or the New Crypto Assets should be treated 
as the Underlying in relation to the Securities affected by the hard fork (the “Selected Forked 
Crypto Assets”).
•
Instruct the Crypto Execution Agent to sell, on behalf of the Issuer, the Crypto Assets that the 
Issuer did not select as the Selected Forked Crypto Assets (the “Non-Selected Forked Crypto 
Assets”) and to apply the proceeds of such sale to acquire on behalf of the Issuer additional 
Crypto Assets of the same type as the Selected Forked Crypto Assets (which would become 
part of the Crypto Asset Collateral, with a corresponding adjustment being made to the Coin 
Entitlement of the relevant Series of Securities). The Issuer may also surrender, discard or 
dispose of such remaining Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets (without benefitting the 
Securityholders). 
•
If the New Crypto Assets resulting from the relevant hard fork are not supported by the 
Custodian(s) relating to the relevant Series of Securities (but the Original Crypto Assets 
continue to be), in its sole discretion, determine that the Original Crypto Assets shall continue 
to be the Underlying in respect of such Series. 
•
If the New Crypto Assets resulting from the relevant Hard Fork are not supported by the 
Custodian relating to the relevant Series of Securities and the Original Crypto Assets relating 
to the relevant Series of Securities can no longer be supported by a Custodian as a result of 
a relevant hard fork, in its sole discretion, determine to utilise the custodial services of another 
Custodian appointed for relevant Series of Securities for the purposes of holding such 
Original Crypto Assets and/or New Crypto Assets or to redeem the relevant Series of 
Securities pursuant to Condition 9.1 (Optional redemption of Securities by the Issuer). 
Potential investors should be aware of the risks associated with a hard fork, including those 
described above.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors
31
4.7
Airdrops 
An airdrop occurs with respect to an existing Crypto Asset when the issuer of another Crypto Asset 
declares that some or all holders of the existing Crypto Asset will be entitled to claim, for free, a quantity 
of such other Crypto Asset by virtue of its holding of the existing Crypto Asset. Airdrops are often designed 
to promote or market new Crypto Assets, and may require the holder of the existing Crypto Asset to perform 
certain activities or tasks prior to obtaining any new Crypto Assets. 
The Conditions of the Securities provide that, if an Airdrop occurs with respect to an Underlying and the 
new Crypto Assets relating to such Airdrop are supported by the relevant Custodian, any such new Crypto 
Assets will, when held by the Custodian(s) on behalf of the Issuer, form part of the Crypto Asset Collateral 
with respect to the relevant Series of Securities. However, no adjustments will be made to the Coin 
Entitlement of the Series of Securities to which the Airdrop relates. Securityholders will also have no 
entitlement to the Crypto Assets received by the Issuer as a result of the Airdrop, nor the value represented 
by such Crypto Assets, save where all Securities in the relevant Series are being redeemed in full (and not 
in part) and the Crypto Execution Agent has agreed, and is able, to sell such new Crypto Assets on behalf 
of the Issuer for an amount which is economically reasonable, in the determination of the Crypto Execution 
Agent.
Neither the Issuer nor the Custodian(s) are under any obligation to actively engage or participate in any 
Airdrop, including taking any steps to secure receipt of any Crypto Assets relating to an Airdrop. There can 
be no assurance that the Custodian(s) will support an Airdrop.
Accordingly, potential investors should be aware that the occurrence of an Airdrop in relation to an 
Underlying will not result in benefits they may have been able to secure had they held the relevant Crypto 
Assets directly. 
5.
Risks relating to the market and market value of Securities
5.1
Trading of Crypto Assets
Each Series of Securities will only trade during the trading hours on the Exchange on which such Series 
of Securities are listed. However, the relevant Underlying trade continuously and (as set out above) are 
extremely volatile and may experience significant and short-term price movements in a matter of days, 
hours or even minutes. This combination will limit Securityholders’ ability to react to price movements or 
volatility in the market for the Underlying, which may be substantial. 
If there is a decrease in the price of the Underlying in the period during which the Exchange is not open 
for trading, Securityholders may suffer a loss which would be less than it otherwise would have been had 
the Securityholder been able to trade in, or redeem, its Securities during that period. Investors in the 
Securities should be aware that the Value per Security is a mere indicative value and is not necessarily 
representative of the actual value of the Crypto Assets nor the value of the Securities at any point in time.
5.2
Market participants determine prices in respect of Crypto Assets and the Securities in different 
ways and there may be material variation between prices determined
The relevant Redemption Amount that an investor receives on redemption with respect to a Series of 
Securities is calculated using the Coin Entitlement (subject to any deductions), which is a quantity of 
Underlying per single Security. Market participants may convert the Coin Entitlement for the Series of 
Securities into an indicative market value for a Security in different ways using different price sources. The 
price at which the Securities are traded on the Exchange may not reflect the indicative market value of the 
Coin Entitlement, depending on the price source used by an investor. A prospective investor may therefore 
pay more for the relevant Securities than the indicative market value of Coin Entitlement. If a redemption 
of the Series of Securities occurs, the relevant Redemption Amount the investor will receive will be based 
on the Coin Entitlement (minus any deductions) and an investor may receive less, or substantially less, 
than the amount the investor paid when purchasing the relevant Securities. 
In particular, the price of Underlying is extremely volatile and can change over the course of weeks, days, 
hours and even minutes (in relation to which see “Risks relating to the Underlying”). This may mean that 
the price at which an investor paid for the Securities may quickly change and an investor may only be able 
to sell the Securities at a price that is less, or substantially less, than the subscription price or the price 
paid by such Securityholder. This may mean Securityholders receive less, or substantially less, than the 
amount invested in the Securities.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors
32
5.3
No Authorised Participants
There can be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant appointed by the Issuer 
to process subscription and redemption of the Securities. In such circumstances where no Authorised 
Participant has been appointed with respect to the relevant Series of Securities, any Securityholder may 
redeem the Securities directly with the Issuer either by way of Cash Settlement or by way of Physical 
Settlement but Securityholders should note that (i) such instances are likely to cause a delay in the 
redemption of the Securities or give rise to additional administrative burden on the part of the 
Securityholder or lead to an early redemption of the Securities, (ii) the Securityholders may need to provide 
additional documents to the satisfaction of the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying agent including the 
validation and/or KYC Requirement checks made over the financial intermediary (being the relevant 
Clearing System or a broker acting as the intermediary to the Securityholder) who maintains the relevant 
securities account for such Securityholder and who will deliver the Securities subject to the redemption 
back to the Issuing Agent and (iii) all (and not part only) of the Securities owned by such holders of 
Securities will be subject to redemption. Such delays may have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Securities and the investment of the Securityholders.
5.4
Authorised Participant(s) Activities
Authorised Participants provide liquidity by creating a market in the Securities and processing subscription 
and redemption of the Securities.
The price at which a Securityholder may sell its Securities of a Series to an Authorised Participant may be 
lower than the price at which the Authorised Participant may sell Securities of the same Series to 
prospective Securityholders. The price at which an Authorised Participant may sell Securities to 
prospective Securityholders may also take into account fees, charges, expenses, commissions and other 
costs which the Authorised Participant may charge to prospective Securityholders. Prospective 
Securityholders may also incur fees charged by the Exchange on which such Securities are admitted to 
trading. 
Any changes in the “bid/offer” spread offered by Authorised Participant(s) and/or fees charged by 
Authorised Participant(s) may impact a prospective investor’s return on the Securities and may mean that 
an investor suffers a loss on the Securities.
6.
Risks relating to taxation
6.1
Payments to Securityholders will not be grossed-up
All payments and deliveries in respect of the Securities (including the relevant Redemption Amount) shall 
be made subject to any deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, levy, impost, 
duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed by any authority of any 
jurisdiction. The tax legislation of the jurisdiction of the Securityholder and the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Securities.
In the event of any such deduction or withholding, the Securityholders will not be entitled to receive 
amounts which are grossed up in order to compensate for such deduction or withholding nor will 
Securityholders be entitled to be reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall resulting from such deduction 
or withholding.
6.2
Tax treatment of Crypto Assets
There is currently no tax certainty regarding the treatment of investments in Crypto Assets across various 
jurisdictions due to the novelty of the asset class. Any change in the tax treatment of Underlying could 
result in the Issuer incurring additional taxes which would be deducted from the relevant Redemption 
Amount payable or deliverable with respect to the Securities. This would result in Securityholders receiving 
less than if such taxes had not been incurred.
6.3
Tax treatment of Securities
Securityholders should also consult with their local tax advisor regarding their specific investment and 
circumstances to identify any tax implications in investing in Securities. Each investor is solely responsible 
for all taxes which they may incur as a result of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors
33
Prior to investing in Securities, Securityholders should consider and have due regard for the tax treatment 
of the Securities and in particular of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities in any jurisdiction relevant 
to them. 
7.
Risks relating to the Transaction Parties
7.1
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Securities may depend upon the Custodian(s)’, 
the Crypto Brokers’ and the Crypto Execution Agent’s ability to perform their respective obligations
The Crypto Asset Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities will be held with the relevant Custodian.
Notwithstanding the security expressed to be created over the Crypto Asset Collateral in the Trust Deed 
and other Security Documents, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligation in respect of such Redemption 
Amount to Securityholders will be dependent upon the ability of the relevant Custodian to make such a 
transfer under the relevant Custody Agreement, and the Crypto Execution Agent to arrange, on behalf of 
the Issuer, the relevant sale of the Crypto Asset Collateral to a Crypto Broker. If the relevant Custodian is, 
for any reason, unable to make such a transfer and/or the Crypto Execution Agent is unable to arrange 
such a sale or such sale is not settled correctly, the Issuer will be unable to meet its redemption obligation 
to Securityholders and Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than expected on an 
investment in the Securities. Similar considerations apply in relation to subscriptions in the Securities, 
which may necessitate the purchase, by the Issuer, of Crypto Assets. 
The Issuer is exposed to certain counterparty and settlement risks relating to the Crypto Brokers and the 
transactions that the Issuer enters with them from time to time. Those transactions will be arranged by the 
Crypto Execution Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, and represent the sole means by which the Issuer is able 
to purchase and sell Crypto Assets in order to fulfil its obligations to Securityholders.
Consequently, Securityholders will be exposed if any Custodian, Crypto Broker and/or Crypto Execution 
Agent are unable to perform their respective obligations (for any reason, for example due to credit or 
solvency related issues or the issues posed by regulatory compliance issues). Any delay or failure in the 
performance of those obligations could lead to the delay or failure of any corresponding subscription or 
redemption action by the Issuer. Any such delay or failure could also have an adverse effect on the price 
or liquidity of the Securities. 
7.2
The Arranger has no obligations to Securityholders
The Conditions give the Issuer discretion in making certain determinations, calculations and adjustments 
in relation to the Securities, which are conclusive and binding on the Securityholders. These include the 
determination or any calculations involved with respect to the relevant Redemption Amount payable or 
deliverable to Securityholders on redemption and whether certain disruption and adjustment events may 
have occurred such that redemption of the Series of Securities may be postponed or Conditions amended 
to reflect such adjustments. The Issuer may consult the Arranger before making any such determinations, 
calculations and adjustments and may rely on the Arranger’s recommendations without the consent of the 
Securityholders, Trustee or any other Transaction Party.
The Arranger has no obligations to the Securityholders in making such calculations, determinations or 
providing any recommendations, and may make determinations which may negatively impact 
Securityholders, for example by determining that redemptions in respect of a Series of Securities may be 
suspended. The Arranger only has the obligations expressed to be binding on it pursuant to the Arranger 
Agreement.
The recommendations from the Arranger may have a negative impact on the value of the Securities, or 
may result in a Securityholder being unable to redeem its securities, in particular due to the volatility of the 
price of the Underlying as set out in the risk factor headed “Securityholders exposed to the value of the 
Underlying” above. 
7.3
The Securities may be redeemed where the appointment of the relevant Custodian, Arranger or 
Issuing Agent and/or Principal Paying Agent is terminated
The Securities may be redeemed early if the relevant Custodian or Calculating Agent in respect of the 
applicable Series of Securities resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason and, at the time 
such termination takes effect, no successor or replacement Custodian, Arranger or Issuing Agent and/or 
Principal Paying Agent has been appointed with respect to such Series of Securities.
If there is no Custodian appointed in respect of a Series of Securities, the Issuer may experience a delay 
in its ability to access, or may be unable to access, the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral in respect of such

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors
34
Series of Securities. This may result in the payment or delivery being made at a time where the price of 
the Underlying is disadvantageous to Securityholders, or possibly not at all. This risk is heightened due to 
the volatility of Crypto Assets when compared to a traditional asset class, as is set out in paragraph 4 
(Risks relating to the Underlying). This may result in a partial or substantial loss of a Securityholder’s 
investment. To the extent that at the time of any redemption of the Securities, if a Crypto Execution Agent 
has not been appointed then the redemption of the Securities cannot take place by way of a Cash 
Settlement.
7.4
The Trustee has no obligations to individual Securityholders
In carrying out its responsibilities, the Trustee will take into account the interests of the Securityholders of 
a Series of Securities but will not consider the impact of exercising its function on an individual 
Securityholder. Neither the Trustee nor any Securityholder are entitled to be indemnified or recompensed 
in respect of any tax consequences for an individual Securityholder resulting from the Trustee exercising 
its function. In some circumstances the exercise of the Trustee’s functions in the interests of the 
Securityholders of a Series of Securities may result in a partial or substantial loss to an individual 
Securityholder.
7.5
Failure to publish Value per Security by Administration Agent
Securityholders in the Securities should be aware that the Administration Agent may fail to publish or be 
delayed in publishing the Value per Security for reasons including market fluctuation in prices, occurrence 
of a Disruption Event, occurrence of an Event of Default and/or internal failures with the Administration 
Agent which may prevent such calculations from being conducted.
8.
Risks relating to regulatory change
8.1
The Issuer may redeem the Securities if it becomes illegal or impossible for the Issuer to issue or 
deal in the Securities or hold or deal with the Underlying
There is currently no single regulatory regime for the ownership, purchase and sale of Underlying. As 
Crypto Assets have grown in popularity in market size, regulators in multiple jurisdictions have been 
examining the operation of Crypto Assets networks, participants and trading venues. In addition to potential 
financial regulation, because of the high energy usage for Crypto Assets which rely on a “proof of work” 
method, Crypto Assets mining may be subject to regulation arising from energy usage or climate concerns.
The nature and extent of any future regulation of the Underlying is uncertain, and any such future regulation 
may negatively impact on the price and demand of such Underlying and therefore an investment in the 
Securities.
Whilst the Underlying are either unregulated or lightly regulated in many jurisdictions, one or more 
jurisdictions may take action which makes it illegal or impossible for the Issuer to issue or deal with the 
Securities or to hold or deal with the Underlying. If the Issuer (acting reasonably) determines that this is 
the case, it may redeem the Securities. This may occur at a time when the price of the Underlying is less 
than would otherwise be the case and as a result Securityholders may receive less than their initial 
investment.
8.2
Regulatory environment and Regulatory Event
The regulatory environment relating to the Securities and Crypto Assets is fast-evolving, with many 
jurisdictions developing new rules that will become effective after the date of this Base Prospectus. For 
example, Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 on markets in crypto-assets (“MiCAR”) is scheduled to come into 
force in 2024 in phases, and will apply to persons or entities that perform certain activities or provide certain 
services in relation to Crypto Assets. Certain jurisdictions may also prohibit distribution of the Securities to 
investors or investors of certain regulatory information – for instance, the UK FCA Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook currently provides that crypto asset exchange traded notes must not be sold, distributed or 
marketed to retail clients (as such terms are defined in the UK FCA Conduct of Business Sourcebook). 
The precise way in which forthcoming regulation (or any amendments to any existing regulation) affects 
the Securities, any given Underlying and/or the Transaction Parties is uncertain. Securityholders should 
be aware, however, that any regulatory changes could have an adverse impact on the value and trading 
of Crypto Assets and/or on the Securities, and could affect the services that the Transaction Parties are 
permitted to perform with respect to the Crypto Assets or the Securities (and/or the nature or pricing of 
those services). Any such changes may result in a regulatory environment that is less favourable than the 
regulatory environment in existence as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors
35
In addition, Securityholders should be aware that if the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred, the Issuer will redeem the Securities in whole but not in part without any consent of or approval 
by the Securityholders, the Trustee or any other Transaction Party. Securityholders should consider the 
implications of the occurrence of a Regulatory Event and take whatever legal or regulatory advice they 
deem necessary or desirable to assess the likelihood of a Regulatory Event occurring. The Issuer is under 
no obligation to notify Securityholders of regulatory developments that may be relevant to Crypto Assets, 
the Securities or any related matters, nor the likelihood of a Regulatory Event occurring. 
8.3
The application of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive to special purpose entities 
such as the Issuer is uncertain
The EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) became effective on 
22 July 2013. The application of the AIFMD to special purpose entities such as the Issuer is unclear. The 
Issuer does not operate in the same manner as a typical alternative investment fund. However, the 
definition of “alternative investment funds” (each an “AIF”) and “alternative investment funds manager” 
(“AIFM”) in the AIFMD are broad and there is only limited guidance as to how such definitions should be 
applied in the context of a special purpose entity such as the Issuer. 
Were the Issuer to be found to be an AIF or an AIFM, or were the Arranger acting in any capacity in respect 
of the Securities and/or the Trustee to be found to be acting as an AIFM with respect to the AIF, the AIFM 
would be subject to the AIFMD. Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would be unlikely that 
either the Issuer or Arranger could comply fully with the requirements of the AIFMD.
In such circumstance, it is likely that the Issuer would determine that it has become impossible or illegal to 
issue or deal with the Securities and therefore the Securities would be redeemed early in full at a time 
which may not be favourable to the Securityholders.

--- Page 38 ---
Important Information
36
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
“Responsibility”
Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG (LEI: 529900WIXTJRV6RK4G26) (the “Issuer”) 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best 
of the Issuer’s knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The Issuer is 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus in accordance with 
applicable laws in Switzerland.
State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in the section entitled “The Administration Agent”. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Administration Agent (which has taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
Galaxy Digital Funds LLC accepts responsibility for the information contained in the 
section entitled “The Crypto Execution Agent and Crypto Development Advisor”. To the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the Crypto Execution Agent and Crypto Development 
Advisor (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such 
information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information.
Coinbase Custody International Limited (“Coinbase”) accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in the subsection entitled “Coinbase Custody International Limited” 
under the section entitled “The Custodian(s)”. To the best of the knowledge and belief of 
Coinbase (who has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such 
information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information.
Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited (“Zodia”) accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in the subsection entitled “Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited” under the section 
entitled “The Custodian(s)”. To the best of the knowledge and belief of Zodia (who has 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information.
DWS Investments UK Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in the 
section entitled “The Arranger”. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Arranger 
(which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information.
Vistra Capital Markets Trustees Limited accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in the section entitled “The Trustee”. To the best of the knowledge and belief 
of the Trustee (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), 
such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information.
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch accepts responsibility for 
the information contained in the section entitled “Issuing Agent”. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Issuing Agent (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information.

--- Page 39 ---
Important Information
37
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch accepts responsibility for 
the information contained in the subsection entitled “Principal Paying Agent and 
Technical Account Bank” under the section entitled “The Paying Agents”. To the best of 
the knowledge and belief of the Principal Paying Agent (which has taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch accepts responsibility for 
the information contained in the subsection entitled “Swiss Paying Agent” under the 
section entitled “The Paying Agents and Technical Account Bank”. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Swiss Paying Agent (which has taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch accepts responsibility for 
the information contained in the subsection entitled “Technical Account Bank” under the 
section entitled “The Paying Agents and Technical Account Bank”. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Technical Account Bank (which has taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
The Issuer has not made any investigation with regards to the accuracy and 
completeness of the information under the sections entitled “The Administration Agent”, 
“The Custodian(s)”, the “Issuing Agent”, “The Paying Agents and Technical Account 
Bank”, “The Arranger”, “The Crypto Execution Agent and Crypto Development Advisor” 
and “The Trustee” in this Base Prospectus (the “Third Party Information”). Prospective 
Securityholders in the Securities should not rely upon, and should make their own 
independent investigations and enquires in respect of, the accuracy and completeness 
of the Third Party Information.
“Approval”
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority Finansinspektionen (the “Swedish FSA”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (such approval the “Swedish FSA Approval”). The Swedish 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Securities that are the subject to this Base Prospectus. Securityholders should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.
The Issuer has requested the Swedish FSA to provide the competent authorities in 
Luxembourg, France, Germany, Portugal, Finland, The Netherlands and Spain with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by any regulator as a result of issuing the 
Securities.
SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME WILL BE EXCHANGE TRADED 
PRODUCTS, WHICH DO NOT QUALIFY AS UNITS OF A COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT 
SCHEME ACCORDING TO THE RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE SWISS FEDERAL 
ACT ON COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES (“CISA”), AS AMENDED, AND ARE 
NOT LICENSED THEREUNDER. THEREFORE, THE SECURITIES ARE NEITHER 
GOVERNED BY THE CISA NOR SUPERVISED OR APPROVED BY FINMA. 
ACCORDINGLY, INVESTORS DO NOT HAVE THE BENEFIT OF THE SPECIFIC 
INVESTOR PROTECTION PROVIDED UNDER THE CISA. ANY INVESTMENT IN THE

--- Page 40 ---
Important Information
38
SECURITIES DOES NOT HAVE THE STATUS OF A BANK DEPOSIT AND IS NOT 
WITHIN THE SCOPE OF ANY DEPOSIT PROTECTION SCHEME. THE ISSUER IS 
NOT AND WILL NOT BE REGULATED BY ANY REGULATOR AS A RESULT OF 
ISSUING THE SECURITIES.
ANY INDIVIDUAL INTENDING TO INVEST IN ANY INVESTMENT DESCRIBED IN 
THIS DOCUMENT SHOULD CONSULT HIS OR HER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER 
AND ENSURE THAT HE OR SHE FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL THE RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH MAKING SUCH AN INVESTMENT AND HAS SUFFICIENT 
FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO SUSTAIN ANY LOSS THAT MAY ARISE FROM IT.
This Base Prospectus is valid for a maximum period of twelve months from the Swedish 
FSA Approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of the Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event 
of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Base Prospectus permits offers of Securities to the public in Sweden and 
Luxembourg, France, Germany, Portugal, Finland, The Netherlands Spain and, subject 
to the paragraph immediately below, Switzerland and/or admission to trading on the 
Exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Securities may be made available 
to retail investors. There are restrictions on the offer and sale of the Securities into certain 
jurisdictions. See the section headed “Subscription and Sale”.
It is expected that this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto as at 
such time), together with evidence of the Swedish FSA Approval, will be filed with a 
Swiss Review Body for automatic recognition in accordance with article 54(2) of the 
FinSA as a base prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA. In connection 
with any such filing, such Swiss Review Body will not review or approve this Base 
Prospectus (as so supplemented) or any subsequently published supplements hereto. 
Once this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto as at such time) has 
been so filed and published in accordance with the FinSA, this Base Prospectus 
(together with any supplements hereto subsequently published from time to time, which 
supplements, once approved by the Swedish FSA, will be filed with the relevant Swiss 
Review Body and published in accordance with the FinSA) may be used, subject to any 
other applicable requirements under the FinSA or the Swiss Financial Services 
Ordinance of 6 November 2019, as amended (the “FinSO”), for any public offering of 
Securities in Switzerland and/or application for the admission to trading of Securities on 
the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. In such case, the applicable Final Terms will be filed with the 
relevant Swiss Review Body and published in accordance with the FinSA. The Final 
Terms for any such Securities will not be reviewed or approved by such Swiss Review 
Body. The Swiss Review Body is not the competent authority and will neither approve 
nor review the Final Terms in respect of such Securities.
Certain offers of the Securities may also be made where there is an exemption available 
under Article 3.2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation to the requirement to publish a 
Prospectus.
Each Securityholder is hereby informed, and is deemed to have acknowledged and 
consented, that for Securities listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the SIX Swiss 
Exchange, SIX Exchange Regulation, the Regulatory Board and/or any other competent 
regulatory body of the SIX Swiss Exchange may at the request of the Issuer or on its

--- Page 41 ---
Important Information
39
own initiative suspend the trading in the Securities, if such suspension is deemed 
necessary in exceptional cases, in particular, in the event of suspected price 
manipulation, falsification of liquidity or criminal activities. If trading in the Securities has 
been suspended for a continuous three-month period, the Securities will be delisted by 
the Regulatory Board of SIX Swiss Exchange, unless the reasons for the suspension 
ceased to exist. The SIX Swiss Exchange and/or its regulatory bodies accept no liability 
for damage or loss incurred in connection with the suspension of trading and delisting.
Each Securityholder acknowledges that for Securities listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, 
the SIX Swiss Exchange, SIX Exchange Regulation, the Regulatory Board and/or any 
other competent regulatory body of the SIX Swiss Exchange may at the request of the 
Issuer or on its own initiative suspend the trading in the Securities, if listing requirements 
that must be met continuously during the term of the Securities are no longer fulfilled, in 
particular if the custodian lacks or loses the authorization required pursuant to Art. 14 
para. 4 of the Additional Rules for the Listing of Exchange Traded Products. If trading in 
the Securities has been suspended for a continuous three-month period, the Securities 
will be delisted by the Regulatory Board of SIX Swiss Exchange, unless the reasons for 
the suspension ceased to exist. The SIX Swiss Exchange and/or its regulatory bodies 
accept no liability for damage or loss incurred in connection with the suspension of 
trading and delisting.
“No representations”
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
other than those contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms in 
connection with the issue or sale of the Securities and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Arranger, the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates. Neither the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus nor any sale of Securities made in connection therewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date of this Base 
Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
Neither the Arranger nor the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates has separately 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Except as described above 
with respect to Third Party Information in respect of such party, neither the Arranger nor 
the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation, express or 
implied, or, to the fullest extent permitted by law, accepts any responsibility, with respect 
to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus or for 
any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger, the Trustee or any 
of their respective affiliates or on behalf of any of them in connection with the Issuer or 
the issue and offering of the Securities. Each of the Arranger and the Trustee accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or 
any such statement.
“Risk factors”
Prospective Securityholders should have regard to the factors described under the 
section headed “Risk Factors” and, in particular, to the limited recourse nature of the 
Securities and the fact that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle. This Base Prospectus 
does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Securities and there may be

--- Page 42 ---
Important Information
40
other reasons why the Issuer is unable to pay amounts due in respect of the Securities 
and/or why amounts payable in respect of the Securities may be reduced. 
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided as general information 
only and the Arranger and the Trustee disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers 
of Securities of the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as may 
exist at the date hereof or from time to time. 
“No Investment 
Advice”
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated 
in this Base Prospectus are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are 
no other facts, the omission of which would make misleading any statement in this Base 
Prospectus, whether of facts or of opinion. All the directors accept responsibility 
accordingly. Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential 
holders of Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should 
be construed as advice on the merits of the purchase or subscription for the Securities.
The Issuer makes no representations as to:
•
the suitability of any Securities for any particular investor;
•
the appropriate accounting treatment or possible tax consequences of an 
investment in any Securities; or
•
the expected performance of any Securities, either in absolute terms or relative 
to competing investments.
“Independent 
review/investor 
suitability”
Independent review and investment advice
Each prospective investor in the Securities must determine, based on its own 
independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Securities is fully consistent with its financial 
needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the 
Securities.
To determine whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate, each prospective 
investor must consider its own assessment of the financial condition and affairs and the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and such professional advice (including, without limitation, 
any tax, accounting, business, legal and regulatory advice) as it deems appropriate to 
assess the economic and political condition of the country in which such obligor is 
located.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms is intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation or should be considered as a recommendation or as constituting 
an invitation or offer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
purchase any of the Securities. Prospective Securityholders should read the information 
set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms, and reach their own 
conclusions prior to making a decision in respect of any investment. The Trustee and the 
Arranger expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition, creditworthiness 
or affairs of the Issuer or any other relevant obligor(s) during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the term of any Securities issued nor to advise 
any investor or potential investor in the Securities of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Arranger, the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates.
Investor suitability for complex products

--- Page 43 ---
Important Information
41
Prospective purchasers of Securities should conduct such independent investigation and 
analysis regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements and the Securities as they deem 
appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should have sufficient knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical 
resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities in the context 
of their financial position and circumstances. 
Sufficient financial resources
Each prospective investor in the Securities should have sufficient financial resources and 
liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Securities. This includes 
the risk of where the invested amount may reduce as a result of the occurrence of 
different events whether related to the creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or 
changes in particular rates, values, prices or indices, or where the currency for the 
invested amount is different from the prospective investor’s currency.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger, or the Trustee or any of 
their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its 
acquisition of the Securities or as to the other matters referred to above.
Applicable Laws
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore 
consult its professional advisers to determine whether and to what extent:
•
the Securities are legal investments for it; and/or
•
other restrictions apply to its purchase of any Securities.
Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules.
No advisory or fiduciary obligations
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the other Transaction Parties or any of their 
respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as adviser in any other capacity. 
None of them (other than the Trustee under the Trust Deed) assumes any fiduciary 
obligation to any purchaser of Securities or any other party, including the Issuer.
No representations
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the other Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of:
•
any Underlying;
•
any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed in 
respect of such Underlying with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or 
self-regulatory authority or any other person. 
None of the Arranger or any of the other Transaction Parties makes any representation 
or warranty, express or implied, in respect of the Issuer or in respect of any information 
contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of the Issuer.
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided as general information 
only and the Arranger and the Trustee disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers

--- Page 44 ---
Important Information
42
of Securities of the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as they may 
exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter.
“Non-Exempt 
Offers”
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-Exempt Offer”) in Sweden, Luxembourg, France, 
Germany, Portugal, Finland, The Netherlands and Spain and, subject to completion of 
relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA that is specified 
as a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction” and together, the “Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person 
making or intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Securities on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus must only do so with the Issuer’s consent – see “Consent to use this Base 
Prospectus” below.
“Consent to use this 
Base Prospectus”
In the context of any Non-Exempt Offer of Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility, 
in each of the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in 
relation to any prospective investor who purchases any Securities in a Non-Exempt Offer 
made by the Issuer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below) where that offer is made 
during the offer period for which the consent is given and in compliance with the other 
conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making 
of any offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by any other person in connection with any offer of the Securities in any 
jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither 
the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger accepts any responsibility or 
liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer.
If, in the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, a prospective investor is offered Securities by a 
person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the prospective investor should check with 
such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose of 
the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If a prospective investor is 
in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, the prospective investor should take legal advice.
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular Series of Securities, the 
Issuer consents to use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with any Non-Exempt Offer of a Tranche of Securities in any of 
the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions specified in the Final Terms during the Offer Period 
specified in the Final Terms which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II and/or are to be offered to the public in the European 
Economic Area, by:
•
the financial intermediary/ies specified in the applicable Final Terms (each, an 
“Authorised Offeror”); and
•
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final 
Terms and whose name is published on the Issuer’s Website and identified as 
an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer,
in each case subject to the relevant conditions as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
Important Information
43
It shall be a condition of such consent that this Base Prospectus may only be used by 
the relevant Authorised Offeror(s) to make offerings of any Series of Securities in the 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction. The Securities may be made available to retail investors.
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the 
date of the applicable Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) 
remove or add conditions and, if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant 
Securities will be published on the Issuer’s Website. The consent relates only to offer 
periods occurring within the maximum period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus.
A prospective investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Securities from an 
Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and sales of the Securities to such 
prospective investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and 
the prospective investor including as to price, allocations and settlement 
arrangements (the “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer”). The Issuer 
will not be a party to any such arrangements with such prospective investor and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not, and any Final Terms will not, contain 
such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be 
provided to such prospective investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time the 
offer is made. None of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger or 
other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility of liability for such information. 
Each Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus shall state on its website that 
it uses this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and conditions 
attached hereto.
“Distribution”
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of 
the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In particular, no action has 
been or will be taken by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee or any of their respective 
affiliates (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which is intended to permit a 
public offering of the Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Securities 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any Applicable Laws. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Trustee represents 
that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Arranger and the Trustee to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction.
In October 2020, the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) issued rules prohibiting the 
sale, marketing and distribution to all retail consumers in the United Kingdom of any 
derivatives and exchange traded notes that reference unregulated transferrable Crypto 
Assets by firms acting in, or from, the United Kingdom. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus such rules remain in place. In line with such rules, the Securities may not be 
offered or sold to any retail investors in the United Kingdom. See “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 46 ---
Important Information
44
“Prohibition of sales 
to EEA retail 
investors”
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “EU Prospectus Regulation”. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
“Prohibition of sales 
to UK retail 
investors”
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the UK thereafter; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on 
immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the UK thereafter; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and 
as amended or supplemented in the UK thereafter (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the UK thereafter (as 
amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
“MiFID II Product 
Governance/Target 
Market”
The Final Terms in respect of any Series of Securities may include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. The target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities may be retail investors.
“UK MiFIR Product 
Governance/Target 
Market”
The Final Terms in respect of any Series of Securities may include a legend entitled “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 47 ---
Important Information
45
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. The target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities may be retail investors.
“STS”
While the Issuer is established as a special purpose vehicle for the issuance of the 
Securities as described in this Base Prospectus, no notification has been or is intended 
to be communicated to the European Securities and Markets Authority in relation to the 
Simple, Transparent and Standardised (STS) criteria set out in Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402.

--- Page 48 ---
Conflicts of Interest
46
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
Conflicts of interest may arise between the various parties involved in the issuance of Securities
The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may act in multiple capacities in connection with any Series of 
Securities. In connection with ongoing or future restructuring and/or reorganisations within the Arranger’s group, it 
is possible that some of the roles currently performed by the Arranger may be novated, delegated or otherwise 
transferred to a different entity within the Arranger group without the prior written consent of Securityholders or the 
Trustee, provided that it is legally permitted to make such novation, delegation or transfer. The Arranger acting 
through any of its branches or affiliates may also be an Authorised Participant in relation to a Series of Securities. 
The Arranger has been, or may be, appointed to act as a distributing entity in respect of the Securities.
The Arranger and other Transaction Parties have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to in the 
relevant capacity and will not be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to be subject to a 
standard of care or any fiduciary duty to any Securityholder, other than as may be expressly provided with respect 
to the relevant capacity. The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may enter into business dealings relating to 
the Securities or the Underlying, and take steps that it deems appropriate to protect their interests, without any duty 
to account for such revenues, profits or other consequences to the purchasers of the Securities or any other person. 
The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may purchase and hold Securities of any Series.
The Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates and its personnel, including its sales and trading, investment research and 
investment management personnel, regularly make investment recommendations, or publish or express 
independent views in respect of a wide range of markets, issuers, securities and instruments. They regularly 
implement, or recommend, various investment strategies relating to these markets, issuers, securities and 
instruments. These strategies include, for example, buying or selling credit protection against a default or other 
event involving an entity or financial instruments. Any of these recommendations and views may or may not be 
considered by the Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates when the Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates are trading for 
their own account or those of their customers, as the case may be. Such recommendations and views may be 
negative with respect to the Issuer or the Securities or other securities or instruments similar to the Securities or 
result in trading strategies that have a negative impact on the market for any such securities or instruments, 
particularly in illiquid markets. Securityholders should expect that personnel in the trading and investing businesses 
of the Arranger’s group will have independent views of the Issuer or other market trends which may not be aligned 
with the views and objectives of Securityholders.
The Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates, and its personnel, may, from time to time, including its sales and trading, 
investment research and investment management personnel, by virtue of their activities, possess or have access 
to information relating to the Securities and/or the other Transaction Parties. There is no obligation on any entity to 
disclose to any purchaser of the Securities any such information.
The Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates and other Transaction Parties may at any time be an active and significant 
participant in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of markets for financial instruments, securities and 
derivatives relating to the Underlying and may hold long or short positions in any of the aforementioned for their 
proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. The Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates and 
the other Transaction Parties may also issue securities. To the extent that the Arranger’s group or Transaction 
Parties, directly or through its affiliates, serves as issuer, agent, manager, sponsor or underwriter of such securities 
or other instruments, its interests with respect to such products may be adverse to those of the Securityholders. 
Such activities undertaken by the Arranger’s group and other Transaction Parties may be on such a scale as to 
affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such Underlying, securities and derivatives relating to, or 
based on the Securities or any Underlying. Notwithstanding this, neither the Arranger nor other Transaction Parties 
necessarily have a duty or obligation to take into account the interests of any party in relation to any Securities when 
effecting transactions in such markets. The Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates and other Transaction Parties may 
be entitled to receive fees or other payments pursuant to products linked to the Underlying to which the Securities 
relate or otherwise and to exercise all rights, including rights of termination or resignation, which they may have, 
even though so doing may have a detrimental effect on purchasers of the Securities.

--- Page 49 ---
Conflicts of Interest
47
The Arranger’s group and/or its affiliates and other Transaction Parties may, as an issuer or counterparty of the 
Underlying linked obligations or transactions, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of 
adverse price movements that may impact on the price of the Underlying on any particular day, meaning it may be 
different from the price which it would otherwise have been, whether directly or indirectly.
The Trustee is required to have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a class and not individually 
and does not assume any duty or responsibility to the Transaction Parties
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders 
as a class and is not required to have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders. 
The Trustee is not entitled to require, nor is any Securityholder entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders.
In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not, in respect of Securities of any Series, assume any 
duty or responsibility to any of the Custodian(s), the Administration Agent, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Technical Account Bank, the Arranger, the Crypto Execution Agent or any other Secured Creditor or any other 
Transaction Party (other than to pay any such party any monies received and payable to it and to act in accordance 
with the Conditions and the Trust Deed). The Trustee is not obliged to act on any directions of any Secured Creditor 
or Transaction Party other than where expressly provided otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the 
Trustee is a party, including in circumstances where it is directed to enforce the security.

--- Page 50 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
48
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITIES
The Issuer from time to time may issue Securities under the Programme which are secured on the Underlying for 
such Series of Securities. Information specific to each Series of Securities will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
The amount payable on the Securities will depend on the performance of the Underlying and the fees, costs and 
expenses charged in relation to the Securities. See the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Risk Factors”.
ELIGIBLE CRYPTO ASSET COLLATERAL
For any Series of Securities the relevant Underlying that such Securities are linked to must be a single Eligible 
Crypto Asset, as determined by the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Securities.
“Eligible Crypto Asset” is a Crypto Asset that is amongst the top one hundred Crypto Assets, as measured by market 
capitalisation as determined by the Issuer on the relevant trade date with respect to the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Securities and that is not a Prohibited Crypto Asset.
The determination as to whether a Crypto Asset is an Eligible Crypto Asset shall be based on:
1.
the data regarding aggregate market capitalisation of such Crypto Asset in the Settlement Currency based 
on the price per unit of such Crypto Asset as published on www.coinmarketcap.com as at the relevant 
trade date with respect to the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Securities; or
2.
if no data is available as per paragraph 1 above, then the most recent data published on 
www.coinmarketcap.com.
 
The Issuer takes no responsibility for the content of these sources and they are not incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus.
APPLICATIONS FOR SECURITIES
It is intended each Series of Securities will be subject to a continual and ongoing subscription and redemption 
mechanism. Only Authorised Participants may make an order for subscription of Securities (a “Subscription Order”). 
Authorised Participants may submit a redemption order (a “Redemption Order”) for the redemption of existing 
Securities. The minimum initial investment in Securities which must be made by an Authorised Participant is the 
amount equal to the Minimum Trading Lot as specified in the Final Terms.
Subscriptions 
The Issuer may charge the Authorised Participant fees in respect of the subscription of Securities, as agreed 
between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant. In the event that the Issuer is holding cash or Underlying in 
respect of a Subscription Order which does not satisfy the requirements set out in the Conditions and the Authorised 
Participant Agreement, or such order fails to settle in accordance with the Conditions and the Authorised Participant 
Agreement, the Issuer will notify the Authorised Participant forthwith and arrange for such cash or Underlying to be 
returned to the Authorised Participant as soon as reasonably possible.
Subscription in kind
A diagrammatic overview of the process of application by Authorised Participants for subscription for Securities in 
kind is set out below in Diagram 1.

--- Page 51 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
49
Subscription in cash
A diagrammatic overview of the process of application by Authorised Participants for subscription for Securities in 
cash is set out below in Diagram 2.

--- Page 52 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
50
REDEMPTION EVENTS
The Securities are perpetual and have no fixed maturity date. The Securities will only redeem in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Redemption of Securities). The Securities do not bear interest.
Optional redemption of Securities by the Issuer
The Issuer may redeem the Securities outstanding in any Series at any time in full (and not in part) by way of Cash 
Settlement, at the Issuer’s sole discretion and without any consent of or approval by the Securityholders, the Trustee 
or any other Transaction Party, by publishing an Early Redemption Notice in respect of such Series.
Optional redemption by a holder of Securities
The Securities may be redeemed by an Authorised Participant subject to satisfying certain requirements set out in 
the Conditions. The Securities may be redeemed by a holder of Securities that is not an Authorised Participant only 
if the Investor Cash Settlement Conditions have been satisfied.
Redemption of Securities by the Issuer due to certain early redemption events
The Securities shall redeem by way of Cash Settlement upon occurrence of any of the following events:
•
an Adjustment Event occurs which cannot be addressed through an adjustment to the Conditions of the 
Securities;
•
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that an Illegality Event, a Regulatory Event and/or a Hedging 
Event has occurred; 
•
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that Securities shall redeem in part under Condition 16(B) as a 
result of consolidation of Securities where a Securityholder would otherwise become entitled to a fraction of 
a Security; and/or
•
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that a Disruption Event is continuing for 30 days or more; and/or

--- Page 53 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
51
•
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that no Authorised Participant has been appointed with respect 
to a Series of Securities; and/or
•
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that no Crypto Execution Agent has been appointed with respect 
to a Series of Securities within 90 days following termination of its appointment (or in case of its insolvency); 
and/or
•
the Issuer determines that a Minimum Value Event has occurred.
REDEMPTION PROCESS AND REDEMPTION AMOUNT
On redemption the Securityholder will receive a cash amount in the Settlement Currency (where the Securities are 
redeemed by way of Cash Settlement) or a quantity of the Crypto Asset Collateral (where the Securities are 
redeemed by way of Physical Settlement) equal to the relevant Redemption Amount on the relevant Redemption 
Date.
Physical Settlement – at the option of an Authorised Participant
An Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of Securities by way of Physical 
Settlement by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Order. A diagrammatic overview of the process of a request by 
Authorised Participants for redemption for Securities in kind is set out in Diagram 1 above.
Physical Settlement – at the option of the Securityholder which are not Authorised Participants
A Securityholder, which is not an Authorised Participant, may at any time, require the Issuer to redeem all or part 
of its holding of Securities by way of Physical Settlement as set out below but only if all the Investor Physical 
Settlement Conditions have been satisfied. Any such redemption shall be subject to satisfactory verification checks 
made by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent with respect to such holder of Securities including the validation 
and/or KYC Requirement checks made over the financial intermediary (being the relevant Clearing System or a 
broker acting as the intermediary to the Securityholder) who maintains the relevant securities account for such 
Securityholder and who will deliver the Securities subject to the redemption back to the Issuing Agent.
A diagrammatic overview of the process of a request by the Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants 
for redemption for Securities in kind is set out below in Diagram 3.
Cash Settlement – at the option of an Authorised Participant
If any of the AP Cash Settlement Conditions have been satisfied with respect to any redemption of Securities, an 
Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of Securities by way of Cash 
Issuer

--- Page 54 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
52
Settlement by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Order. A diagrammatic overview of the process of a request 
by Authorised Participants for redemption for Securities in cash is set out in Diagram 2 above.
Cash Settlement – at the option of a holder of Securities that is not an Authorised Participant
If the Investor Cash Settlement Conditions have been satisfied, a holder of Securities that is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all (and not in part only) of its holding of Securities by way of Cash 
Settlement by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Order together with the Investor Redemption Order Form in 
accordance with the Conditions. Any such redemption shall be subject to satisfactory verification checks made by 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent with respect to such holder of Securities including the validation and/or 
KYC Requirement checks made over the financial intermediary (being the relevant Clearing System or a broker 
acting as the intermediary to the Securityholder) who maintains the relevant securities account for such 
Securityholder and who will deliver the Securities subject to the redemption back to the Issuing Agent.
A diagrammatic overview of the process of a request by a holder of Securities that is not an Authorised Participant 
for redemption in cash is set out in diagram 4 below.
Coin Entitlement
Each Security forming a Series of Securities has a Coin Entitlement. The Coin Entitlement is a quantity of Underlying 
which is used to calculate the relevant Redemption Amount with respect to a single Security for such Series of 
Securities. The initial Coin Entitlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be published each 
Scheduled Valuation Day on the Issuer’s Website. The Coin Entitlement is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula and reduces on a daily basis (and rounded down to Entitlement Precision Level) to reflect the 
accrued Product Fee in respect of that Series of Securities. 
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑡) = 𝐸(𝑖,𝑡―1)  1 ― 𝑃𝐹(𝑖,𝑡)  1/𝑁
where:
i
means the relevant Series of Security;
t
means the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day);

--- Page 55 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
53
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑡)
means the Coin Entitlement per Security for that Series i for day t;
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑡―1)
means the Coin Entitlement per Security Series i on the day prior to day t;
𝑃𝐹(𝑖,𝑡)
means the per annum Product Fee applicable to that Series of Security on day t, 
expressed as a decimal (for example, an annual fee of 91 basis points per annum is 
expressed as 0.0091); and
N
means the calendar day count, being 360.
Product Fee
The Product Fee accrues on a daily basis and reduces the Coin Entitlement. The Product Fee for a Series of 
Securities is specified in the applicable Final Terms and may be varied by the Issuer from time to time in accordance 
with the Conditions. If the Product Fee is varied, the Securityholders will be notified and the varied Product Fee will 
not take effect for a period of 5 Business Days from the date of such notice.
Worked example of Coin Entitlement
Consider on day 1 the Coin Entitlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 0.02 and the Product Fee for 
the Series of Securities is 0.0098 per cent. per annum. On day 2 the Coin Entitlement would be reduced to take 
account for the daily amount of the annual Product Fee charged for that day. This would be calculated as follows.
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑡) = 0.02 ×  (1 ― 0.0098) 
1
360 = 0.02 ×  (0.999973) = 0.01999945
On day three, the Coin Entitlement would reduce further to reflect another day of accrued Product Fee payable. 
This would be calculated as follows.
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑡) = 0.01999945 ×  (1 ― 0.0098) 
1
360 = 0.0019998906 ×  (0.0999973 ) = 0.019998359
As demonstrated above, the Coin Entitlement reduces on a daily basis to take account for the daily accrual of the 
Product Fee payable by the Issuer.
Redemption Deductions 
The Redemption Deductions are deducted at redemption as part of the calculation of the Redemption Amount. The 
Redemption Deductions reflect the necessary costs of the Issuer actually incurred in connection with the sale or 
transfer of the Crypto Asset Collateral. 
The Redemption Deductions may be incurred by the Issuer in fiat currency. In the case of a redemption to be settled 
by Physical Settlement, the amount of Crypto Asset Collateral to be deducted on account of Redemption Deductions 
shall be as calculated by the Administration Agent. In the case of any redemption to be effected by way of Cash 
Settlement, the amount of any Redemption Deductions not denominated in the currency of payment shall be 
converted into an amount in the currency of payment as calculated by the Administration Agent.
The Redemption Deductions will be notified to the relevant Securityholders at the time of redemption and are 
deducted from the Coin Entitlement to calculate the relevant Redemption Amount.
Converting the Coin Entitlement into an indicative market value
There are multiple indicative prices publicly available with respect to the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral relating to 
a Series of Securities that may be used by Securityholders to determine an indicative market value price for such 
Series of Securities which it holds on any given day. The Securities that are held by a Securityholder contain an 
entitlement on redemption to the relevant Redemption Amount which is calculated by reference to the Coin

--- Page 56 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
54
Entitlement. Securityholders or prospective investors may convert that Coin Entitlement into an indicative market 
value for Securities by using the following formula:
Coin Entitlement x Indicative Price = Indicative Market Value
There may be multiple indicative prices for the Crypto Asset Collateral available which may be used by 
Securityholders for this purpose. For example, consider (i) a Securityholder holds Bitcoin-linked Securities with a 
Coin Entitlement of 0.001 and (ii) the closing price for Bitcoin on the relevant trading date was $10,000. The 
indicative market value per single Security would therefore be calculated as follows: 
0.001x $10,000 = $10
Worked examples relating to change in market value of Crypto Asset Collateral
The below examples show how an investor’s holding of the Securities may be impacted by a change in the market 
value of the Crypto Asset Collateral over the period of one year. These examples are for illustrative purposes only 
and do not indicate or represent actual or future performance of the Securities or the Underlying.
The following assumptions have been made with respect to these worked examples:
1.
The Securities redeem within one full calendar year.
2.
1 Security is purchased at a price of $100.
3.
The price of the relevant Underlying referenced by that Security when the Security is bought is $10,000.
4.
The Coin Entitlement of the Security when the Security is purchased is 0.01.
5.
The annual Product Fee is 0.90 per cent. per annum, for which a dollar value has been given in the 
scenarios below.
6.
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Securities during the investment period.
7.
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for the sale 
and purchase of the Securities and the custody fees of the investor’s bank are excluded and deemed to 
be zero for the purposes of this example.
Scenario 1: The price of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral increases:
•
1 Security is purchased from the broker at a price of $100.
•
The price of the relevant Underlying increases by 75 per cent. from $10,000 to $17,500 one year 
later.
•
The sum of the Product Fee accrued during one year would reduce the Coin Entitlement from 
0.01 to 0.00991.
•
The market price of the Security (taking into account the Product Fee but as mentioned above 
ignoring any redemption/transaction fees) has increased from $100 to $173.42 (i.e. 
0.00991x$17,500).
•
The investor has gained $73.42 from an initial investment of $100 a year ago.
Scenario 2: The price of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral decreases:
•
1 Security is purchased from the broker at a price of $100.
•
The price of the relevant Underlying decreases by 75 per cent. to $2,500 one year later.
•
The sum of the Product Fee accrued during one year would reduce the Coin Entitlement from 
0.01 to 0.00991.
•
The market price of the Security (taking into account the Product Fee but as mentioned above 
ignoring any redemption/transaction fees) has decreased from $100 to $24.77 (i.e. 
0.00991x$2,500).
•
The investor has lost $75.23 from an initial investment of $100 a year ago.
Scenario 3: The price of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral remains the same:
•
1 Security is purchased from the broker at a price of $100;
•
The price of the relevant Underlying remains the same one year later;

--- Page 57 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities
55
•
The sum of the Product Fee accrued during one year would reduce the Coin Entitlement from 
0.01 to 0.00991.
•
The market price of the Security (taking into account the Product Fee but as mentioned above 
ignoring any redemption/transaction fees) has decreased from $100 to $99.10 (i.e. 
0.00991x$10,000).
•
The investor has lost $0.90 from an initial investment of $100 a year ago.
Taxation
All payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities, including but not limited to payment or deliveries of any Cash 
Redemption Amount, shall be made subject to any deduction or withholding for or on account of tax that the Issuer 
or any Agent is required to make, by any Applicable Law. In that event, the Issuer or such Agent shall make such 
payment after such deduction or withholding for or on account of tax has been made and shall account to the 
relevant authorities for the amount(s) of tax so withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer nor any Agent will be liable 
for, or otherwise obliged to make any additional payments to Securityholders in respect of, or in compensation for, 
any such deduction or withholding for or on account of tax.

--- Page 58 ---
Overview of the Underlying Crypto Asset Market
56
OVERVIEW OF THE UNDERLYING MARKET
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to the Underlying 
and prospective Securityholders are advised to conduct their own independent investigation of the Underlying or 
consult with their relevant advisors as to the prospects and consequences of an investment in the Securities.
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from published information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.
Introduction
Crypto Assets are a novel technology and asset class, popularised by the creation of the Bitcoin network and its 
native Crypto Asset, Bitcoin. Crypto Assets are not backed by any government, corporation or other centralised 
body, rather, they are developed and maintained by participants in an online, peer-to-peer network that connects 
computers that run publicly accessible, or “open source,” software that follows the rules and procedures governing 
the respective Crypto Asset network.
The successful adoption of the Bitcoin network, and the use of its underlying blockchain technology, proliferated the 
development of other blockchain networks such as Ethereum and its native Crypto Asset, Ether. Ethereum 
represented the next advancement in blockchain-based utility by introducing the concept of smart contracts.
Smart contracts refer to a network’s underlying source code allowing cryptographic operations that verify and secure 
transactions that operate by a predefined set of rules (i.e., “if/then statements’’) and are executed systematically. 
Such actions taken by the predefined set of rules are not necessarily contractual in nature, but are intended to 
eliminate the arbitration of a third party for carrying out code execution on behalf of users, making the system 
decentralised, while empowering developers to create a wide range of applications layering together different smart 
contracts.
The use of smart contracts has enabled the development of decentralised applications (“dApps”) which greatly 
expanded the use cases for blockchain technology and Crypto Assets. Other types of use cases related to Crypto 
Assets such as decentralised finance applications, non-fungible token (“NFT”) marketplaces, stablecoins, and 
tokenised real-world assets, to name a few, have been enabled by the advancement afforded by smart contract-
based blockchain networks.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are thousands of different Crypto Assets in circulation with Bitcoin and 
Ethereum being the first and second largest blockchain networks, respectively.
Consensus Mechanism
Blockchain networks are distributed ledgers that are operated and governed by a decentralised community of 
participants, or node operators. In order for transactions to be processed on the blockchain network, node operators 
must achieve consensus, or come to an agreement, on the validity of each transaction. There are two primary 
mechanisms by which a blockchain achieves consensus: proof of work and proof of stake.
Proof of Work Blockchains
The proof of work consensus mechanism refers to the method in which node operators, that actively participate in 
the consensus mechanism, use sophisticated computer programs to repeatedly solve complex mathematical 
problems on specialised computer hardware. The complex mathematical problems refer to the cryptographic 
hashing algorithms associated to a block and the data it contains that requires validation. The node operator that 
solves the mathematical problem first is awarded the opportunity to add the block to the chain by propagating that 
block and its data to the other node operators on the network in order to achieve consensus that the block and its 
data is valid. Once consensus is achieved, the block is added to the blockchain. In performing this process, the 
node operator is rewarded by proving they performed sufficient computational work to solve the mathematical 
problem which can be capital intensive and require significant energy consumption. The award typically consists of 
newly minted coins of the Crypto Asset in addition to transaction fees. This entire process is referred to as “mining” 
and node operators, that actively participate in the consensus mechanism, are referred to as “miners”. The Bitcoin 
network is the largest and most common example of a proof of work blockchain. Other examples of proof of work 
blockchains are Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum Classic, and EthereumPOW.
Proof of Stake Blockchains

--- Page 59 ---
Overview of the Underlying Crypto Asset Market
57
The proof of stake consensus mechanism refers to the method in which node operators, that actively participate in 
the consensus mechanism, stake capital in the form of the blockchain’s native Crypto Asset in order to be selected 
to validate a block and the data it contains. In proof of stake blockchains, the node operators, that actively participate 
in the consensus mechanism, are referred to as validators. Validators stake their capital for an opportunity to be 
selected to validate a block and reap the reward for doing so. More specifically, validators deposit their Crypto Asset 
into a smart contract (“deposit contract”) on the blockchain to ensure they validate blocks and their data in good 
faith. Validators acting in bad faith and falsely validating transactions or data will have their staked deposits taken 
from them, or slashed. The Ethereum network is now the largest and most common example of a proof of stake 
blockchain. Other examples of proof of stake blockchains are Solana, Cardano, Polkadot, Polygon, and Avalanche.
Trading and Liquidity
Crypto Assets are not broadly regulated, so trading venues to purchase or sell Crypto Assets may be limited relative 
to traditional asset classes. Three of the primary venues to trade Crypto Assets are:
•
Centralised exchanges: a trading platform that is owned and operated by a single entity that acts as the 
intermediary for buyers and sellers. The centralised exchange operates an order book to match buyers and 
sellers and set market clearing prices.
•
Decentralised exchanges: although there are different operating models for decentralised exchanges, 
generally, they allow buyers and sellers to transact on a peer-to-peer basis, removing the need of an 
intermediary, directly on a blockchain.
•
Over-the-counter: primarily used by institutional participants, buyers and sellers will agree to a market clearing 
price to transact with one another, much like how OTC trading exists with traditional asset classes, and 
transfer the Crypto Asset to one another on the blockchain.
Given the 24/7 nature of the Crypto Asset ecosystem, market participants are available to provide liquidity in many 
Crypto Assets 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. That said, the best timeframes to find liquidity are those during the 
trading hours of most major equity markets.
Pricing and Volatility
The trading prices of many Crypto Assets, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, have experienced extreme volatility 
when compared to fiat currencies and most (if not all) traditional asset classes, and may continue to do so in future. 
Due to the peer-to-peer nature of Crypto Assets and the fact they can be traded continuously, price is heavily 
influenced by supply and demand. The price of a Crypto Asset can increase or decrease significantly in a matter of 
hours or even minutes, often caused by short-term trading. 
Although the Issuer relies solely on the Coin Entitlement for purposes of the subscription and redemption process, 
potential Securityholders can look to external sources for real time prices of the Underlying. Those sources include 
dedicated trading venues for Crypto Assets and more traditional indexes and reference prices provided by index 
providers.
Regulation
The regulatory treatment of a given Crypto Asset can vary markedly, depending on how it is classified by a relevant 
regulator. For example, Crypto Assets like Bitcoin or Ethereum have historically been regarded as unregulated 
investments, and are not typically subject to the rules that apply to conventional investments such as bonds, 
equities, commodities, funds etc. By contrast, Crypto Assets that share the same characteristics as conventional 
investments may be treated and regulated in the same way as the corresponding conventional financial instrument, 
irrespective of the differences in how the Crypto Asset is held or traded – for example, tokens that represent a debt 
claim against an issuer may be classified and regulated in the same way as a conventional debt security. In addition, 
different regulators may classify the same Crypto Asset in a different way, depending on the classification 
methodology deployed by the applicable regulator (which, in turn, may reflect differences in regulators’ policy 
approaches and/or their perception of the risks associated with the Crypto Asset in question). 
However, regulatory approaches to Crypto Assets are evolving. For example:
•
In the EU, any person or undertaking that engages in the issuance to the public or admission to trading of 
‘crypto-assets’ (defined as a digital representation of a value or of a right that is able to be transferred and 
stored electronically using distributed ledger technology or similar technology) or that provide services relating

--- Page 60 ---
Overview of the Underlying Crypto Asset Market
58
to crypto-assets in the EU will be subject to Regulation (EU) 2023/1114 on markets in crypto-assets (“MiCAR”). 
By doing so, MiCAR will bring many activities relating to crypto-assets within the scope of the EU’s regulatory 
perimeter. MiCAR is scheduled to come into force in phases, with provisions relating to asset-referenced tokens 
and e-money tokens coming into force on 30 June 2024, and provisions relating to utility tokens and certain 
Crypto Asset service providers coming into force on 30 December 2024.
•
In the UK, the FCA has recently signalled its intention to include Crypto Assets within the regulatory framework 
established under the FSMA by expanding the list of regulated specified investments to include Crypto Assets 
(which is expected to be defined broadly, following the definition in the FSMA). In very general terms, this will 
mean activities performed in relation to Crypto Assets will be regulated under the same frameworks as that 
applicable to activities relating to conventional investments (albeit with certain adaptations), rather than under 
a separate, newly established regulatory framework. The specific rules are being developed in phases, and 
have not yet been finalised. 
Investors should be aware that the regulatory treatment of Crypto Assets and activities performed in relation to them 
is evolving rapidly, and can differ significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The above is a high-level description 
and does not and cannot consider the regulatory implications of dealing in the Securities or any Crypto Assets 
relating thereto. Investors should also be aware that the Securities may be regulated in a different manner to the 
underlying Crypto Asset, despite the link between the Underlying and the Securities.

--- Page 61 ---
Programme Structure
59
PROGRAMME STRUCTURE
The Programme is established on the basis of programme level documents and issue level documents. The 
programme level documents set out the base terms and conditions of the Securities and document the terms of the 
agreements on which the various parties involved in the Series of Securities are appointed. 
For each Series of Securities there are documents required for the issuance itself (the “Issue Level Documents”) 
which apply the master programme level documents (the “Master Programme Level Documents”). Certain 
programme level documents apply to all Series of Securities issued under the Programme (the “Core Programme 
Documents”).
Issue Level Documents
When the Issuer is to issue a Series of Securities, it will enter into a single “Constituting Document”.
Pursuant to the Constituting Document, the Master Trust Terms (which include the terms and conditions applicable 
to each Series of Securities (the “Conditions”)) and the other Master Programme Level Documents relevant to that 
Series will be incorporated by reference and adopted for that Series, as amended and supplemented to the extent 
necessary to reflect the particular features of that Series. This means that one single document constitutes all the 
main contractual documents which are to apply to a Series of Securities. 
Master Programme Level Documents
The Master Programme Level Documents that exist as at the date of this Base Prospectus are summarised below:
Master Trust Terms (including Conditions)
The Master Trust Terms contain the provisions relating to the creation of security in favour of the Trustee (both 
under English and Irish laws) and the terms of appointment of the Trustee. These terms will, together with the 
Constituting Document relating to a Series of Securities, comprise the Trust Deed for that Series, as amended and 
supplemented by the Constituting Document. The Master Trust Terms include the Conditions for any Securities 
issued by the Issuer (being those included in this Base Prospectus) and which (as amended and supplemented by 
the relevant Constituting Document) are adopted as the Conditions of the relevant Series of Securities pursuant to 
the relevant Constituting Document.
Master Definitions and Construction Terms
The Master Definitions and Construction Terms define the terms used in the various Programme Level Documents 
and Issue Level Documents, and certain of the Core Programme Documents.
Master Issuing and Paying Agency Terms
The Master Issuing and Paying Agency Terms contains the terms on which (i) the Issuing Agent will be appointed 
to provide certain services in connection with subscriptions and redemptions of the Securities, (ii) the Paying 
Agent(s) is appointed to process payments due under the Securities on behalf of the Issuer and (iii) the Technical 
Account Bank is appointed to maintain the Series Transaction Account for the relevant Series of Securities.
Master Administration Agency Terms
The Master Administration Agency Terms contains the terms on which the Administration Agent is appointed to 
provide certain administration services to the Issuer in respect of all Series of Securities issued under the 
Programme, including making certain determinations required under the terms of all Series of Securities.
Master Crypto Execution Services Terms
The Master Crypto Execution Services Terms contains the terms on which the Crypto Execution Agent agrees to 
provide to the Issuer certain services related, but not limited, to arranging the sales of Crypto Asset Collateral on

--- Page 62 ---
Programme Structure
60
behalf of the Issuer on a periodic basis with respect to a Series of Securities issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of the Issuer subscribing and redeeming Securities and paying the fees of the Arranger.
Core Programme Documents
The Core Programme Documents are entered into on or around the date of this Base Prospectus and apply to all 
Series of Securities issued under the Programme. Set out below is a summary of each of the key documents and 
its function.
Custody Agreements
Each Custody Agreement will contain the terms on which the relevant Custodian with respect to the relevant Series 
of Securities is appointed to act on behalf of the Issuer to hold the Crypto Asset Collateral in respect to such Series 
of Securities on behalf of the Issuer. A Custody Agreement appointing a Custodian in respect of a Series of 
Securities may be entered into after the Issue Date of such Series.
Arrangement Agreement
The Arrangement Agreement contains the terms on which the Arranger agrees to provide certain administrative 
and operational services to the Issuer in respect of all Series of Securities issued under the Programme.
Corporate Services Administration Agreement
The Corporate Services Administration Agreement contains the terms on which the Corporate Services 
Administrator is appointed to provide certain administration services to the Issuer in respect of all Series of 
Securities issued under the Programme.
Crypto Development Services Agreement
The Crypto Development Services Agreement contains the terms on which the Crypto Development Advisor agrees 
to provide certain services to the Arranger including, but not limited, to (i) monitoring developments relating to the 
Underlying in order to identify any events or circumstances which may have an impact on the Underlying (including 
any potential or forthcoming Hard Forks and similar events) and providing advice on the potential consequences 
and actions that may be taken by the Issuer in relation to the Underlying in respect of such developments; (ii) 
providing initial and ongoing screening and due diligence with respect to the Underlying (and certain other Crypto 
Assets); (iii) liaising with the relevant Custodian(s) to create and maintain the relevant Collateral Accounts for the 
Issuer (including assisting with maintaining user access rights to relevant third parties) and ensuring third-party 
Wallet addresses are whitelisted as well as the administration rights relating thereto; (iv) providing written guidance 
to the Administration Agent with respect to the periodic rebalancing of the Crypto Asset Collateral held by the Issuer 
between Collateral Accounts of different Custodians or between different Collateral Accounts of the Issuer at the 
same Custodian and (v) providing other support in connection with the Programme and Underlying under the terms 
of the Crypto Development Services Agreement.
Authorised Participant Agreement 
Each Authorised Participant Agreement is entered into between the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Participant. 
Such Authorised Participant Agreements set out the terms on which the Authorised Participant will act as Authorised 
Participant in relation to each Series of Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. The Authorised 
Participant Agreement sets out the contractual obligations that govern interactions between the Issuer and 
Authorised Participants, including in relation to new issuances and redemptions of Securities.
Other Security Documents 
Swiss Law Pledge 
The Swiss Law Pledge entered into between the Issuer and the Secured Creditors represented by the Trustee for 
each Series of Securities contains the provisions relating to the creation of security by the Issuer in favour of the

--- Page 63 ---
Programme Structure
61
Trustee and the other Secured Creditors with respect to any Issuer’s rights under any Series Agency Agreement 
governed the laws of Switzerland.

--- Page 64 ---
Conditions
62
CONDITIONS
The following is the text of the Conditions applicable to the Securities issued under the Programme.
In respect of a Series of Securities, such Conditions, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented 
and/or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to such 
Securities.
References in the Conditions to “Securities” are references to the Securities of one Series only, not to all Securities 
that may be issued under the Programme. References to the “Securities” and the “Series” shall be construed 
accordingly.
1.
Definitions
The following definitions are applicable to all Securities issued under the Programme by the Issuer and 
shall be read in conjunction with the Final Terms related to each Series of Securities, which completes 
them.
As used in these Conditions, the following definitions shall have the meanings in respect of any Securities 
as set forth below. Words denoting the singular number only shall include the plural number also and vice 
versa.
“Adjustment Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13 (Adjustments for Securities).
“Administration Agent” means State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited or any other entity specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms.
“Agent” means the Issuing Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar (if appointed), the Arranger, 
the Crypto Execution Agent, the Paying Agent(s), the Administration Agent and any other person 
designated as an “Additional Agent” in the Final Terms and, in each case, any successor or replacement 
agent.
“Airdrop” means the allocation and distribution of airdrop Crypto Assets by a third party to the holders of a 
different Crypto Asset. Airdrop events are usually used either for promotional purposes of new Crypto 
Assets or hard fork events and may require the holder of a Crypto Asset to perform a certain activity or 
task to receive the airdrop Crypto Assets.
“AP Cash Settlement Conditions” means, in respect of any redemption of Securities of any Series by the 
Securityholder which is an Authorised Participant, any of the following conditions has been satisfied with 
respect to such redemption:
(A)
the Securityholder in its Redemption Order certifies that it is prohibited for legal or regulatory 
reasons from owning or taking delivery of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral upon the relevant 
redemption if Physical Settlement would otherwise be applicable; and/or
(B)
the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the relevant 
Crypto Asset Collateral to the Securityholder if Physical Settlement would otherwise be 
applicable; and/or
(C)
as a result of such redemption, no outstanding Securities of such Series shall continue to remain 
outstanding; and/or
(D)
the Issuer has notified the Securityholders that it will accept Cash Settlement with respect to any 
Redemption Order; and/or 
(E)
if none of the conditions in paragraphs (A)-(D) above are satisfied but the Issuer has accepted, 
acting in its absolute direction, a request from the relevant Securityholder to redeem the relevant 
Securities by way of Cash Settlement,

--- Page 65 ---
Conditions
63
provided that the AP Cash Settlement Conditions will not be satisfied if the Crypto Execution Agent is 
insolvent, resigns, has terminated or has had its appointment terminated or materially breaches its 
obligations under the relevant Series Agency Agreement and the Issuer has not appointed an alternative 
Crypto Execution Agent.
“AP Redemption Date” means the transaction date specified by a relevant Authorised Participant in its 
Redemption Order, or such other date as may be agreed in writing between the Issuer and the relevant 
Authorised Participant.
“Applicable Law” means any law or regulation of any jurisdiction, including but not limited to:
(A)
any statute or regulation of any jurisdiction;
(B)
any rule or practice of any authority by which any party is bound or with which it is accustomed to 
comply;
(C)
any agreement entered into by any party and any authority or between two or more authorities; 
and/or
(D)
FATCA.
“Arrangement Agreement” means the arrangement agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Arranger in respect of the Programme.
“Arranger” means DWS Investments UK Limited or any successor thereto or replacement Arranger 
appointed by the Issuer.
“Arranger Default” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 23.1 (Event of Default).
“Authorised Participant” means, in respect of any Series of Securities, any Eligible Authorised Participant 
that has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer.
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means an agreement between the Issuer and another person under 
which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, distribution agent or in a substantially 
similar function in relation to a Series of Securities, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time.
“Base Currency” means, in respect of any Series of Securities, the currency of denomination of the 
Securities of that Series, as specified in the Final Terms.
“Base Prospectus” means the base prospectus in respect of the Programme, as updated and/or 
supplemented from time to time.
“Blockchain” means a single, sequenced, standardised and cryptographically secured record of activity to 
be shared among and acted upon by multiple participants.
“Business Day” means a day on which (i) commercial banks are open and settle payments in London, (ii) 
Underlying of the relevant Securities can be settled, (iii) for the purposes of Cash Settlement only, 
commercial banks are open and settle payments in New York and (iv) any other day, as specified in the 
Final Terms, if applicable.
“Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of all the Securities to be redeemed by the same 
Securityholder by Cash Settlement, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the higher of (i) zero 
and (ii) the net proceeds of sale of the aggregate Coin Entitlement of all such Securities subject to 
redemption rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level of such Securities as at the Final Fixing Date 
less any Redemption Deductions.
“Cash Settlement” means, in respect of any Security:

--- Page 66 ---
Conditions
64
(A)
with respect to redemption, the redemption of such Security by way of sale by the Issuer of the 
relevant amount of Crypto Asset Collateral and payment of the Cash Redemption Amount to the 
relevant Securityholder; and 
(B)
with respect to subscription, the payment of the relevant cash subscription amount by an 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer and the Issuer using such subscription amount to purchase 
the required amount of Crypto Asset Collateral.
“Certificates” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 3.2 (Registered Securities).
“Clearing System” means (i) in relation to a Series of Securities listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, SIS 
and any additional clearing system approved by the SIX or (ii) any other additional clearing system 
specified in the Final Terms.
“CO” means the Swiss Code of Obligations of 30 March 1911, as amended.
“Code” means the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
“Coin Entitlement” means, as at any date and in relation to a Security of a Series of Securities, the 
amount(s) of the Crypto Asset Collateral to which (subject as provided in the Conditions) the Securityholder 
is entitled on redemption of that Security on that date calculated in accordance with Condition 8 (Coin 
Entitlement).
“Collateral Account” means, with respect to any Series of Securities, any Wallet administered by any 
Custodian for the Issuer for the purposes of holding the Crypto Asset Collateral for such Series of 
Securities. The Issuer may have one or more than one Collateral Account with respect to the Series of 
Securities held with one or more than one Custodian appointed for such Series of Securities. The Issuer 
may transfer Crypto Asset Collateral from one Collateral Account to another Collateral Account (including 
to another Collateral Account held with another Custodian appointed for the same Series) without consent 
of the Trustee or any holders of Securities.
“Collateralisation” means the procedures set out in Condition 5.3 (Collateralisation).
“Conditions” means, with respect to a Series of Securities, the terms and conditions of such Series of 
Securities, comprising these conditions as amended and/or supplemented and/or varied in accordance 
with the Constituting Document.
“Constituting Document” means the document which is executed by the Issuer and the Trustee, amongst 
others, to, amongst other things, constitute the relevant Series of Securities.
“Corporate Services Administration Agreement” means the corporate services administrator agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the Corporate Services Administrator in connection with the 
Programme as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time.
“Corporate Services Administrator” means Vistra Zürich AG and any successor corporate services 
administrator appointed by the Issuer.
“Crypto Asset” means money, scrip or other representation of value or contractual rights that can only be 
exchanged electronically on a Blockchain.
“Crypto Asset Collateral” means with respect to any Series of Securities, (i) the amount of Underlying 
credited to the relevant Collateral Accounts with respect to such Series of Securities and (ii) any additional 
Crypto Assets other than Underlying held by the Custodian(s) for the Issuer with respect to such Series of 
Securities as a result of any Hard Fork and/or Airdrop.
“Crypto Broker” means a broker that specialises is buying and selling Crypto Assets that complies with the 
Crypto Broker Eligibility Criteria.
“Crypto Broker Eligibility Criteria” means the eligibility criteria applicable to any Crypto Broker that the 
Crypto Execution Agent can purchase from or sell to, the Crypto Asset Collateral, on behalf of the Issuer

--- Page 67 ---
Conditions
65
in connection with the subscription and redemption of Securities and sale of Excess Crypto Collateral, as 
agreed between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Crypto Execution Agent from time to time without the 
consent of the Trustee or any holders of Securities.
“Crypto Development Advisor” means Galaxy or another entity appointed as Crypto Development Advisor, 
as specified in the Final Terms.
“Crypto Development Services Agreement” means the crypto development services agreement between 
the Arranger and the Crypto Development Advisor appointing the Crypto Development Advisor under the 
Programme.
“Crypto Execution Agent” means Galaxy or any other person appointed as Crypto Execution Agent, as 
specified in the Final Terms.
“Custodian” means each custodian appointed in relation to a Series which may be Coinbase Custody 
International Limited and/or Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited and/or any successor(s) thereto and/or any 
other custodian as specified in the applicable Final Terms or notified to Securityholders from time to time.
“Custodian Default” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 23.1 (Event of Default).
“Custody Agreement” means the agreement appointing the Custodian(s) with respect to each Series of 
Securities which may include:
(A)
the custodial services agreement in relation to the Crypto Assets collateralising such Series of 
Securities issued under the Programme and entered into between the Issuer and Coinbase 
Custody International Limited as Custodian, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time and which is entered into with respect to such Series of Securities; 
and/or
(B)
the custodial services agreement in relation to the Crypto Assets collateralising such Series of 
Securities issued under the Programme and entered into between the Issuer and Zodia Custody 
(Ireland) Limited as Custodian, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time and which is entered into with respect to such Series of Securities; and/or
(C)
any other custodial services agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Custodian specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or notified to Securityholders with respect to such Series of 
Securities
and, for the avoid of doubt, includes any custodial services agreement entered between the Issuer and the 
relevant Custodian after the Issue Date with respect to such Series of Securities.
“DEBA” means the Swiss Debt Enforcement and Bankruptcy Act of 11 April 1889, as amended.
“Delivery Precision Level” means, in relation to a Series of Securities, the level specified as such in the 
Final Terms.
“Disruption Event” has the meaning specified in Condition 11.1 (Market Disruption).
“DWS AP Portal” means an electronic portal operated by DWS Investments UK Limited or its affiliate (or 
any successor), which enables Authorised Participants to (amongst other things) submit orders to 
subscribe for and redeem Securities from the Issuer. 
“Early Redemption Notice” means the Issuer’s notice to the Securityholders of the redemption of the 
Securities in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Optional redemption of Securities by the Issuer) or Condition 
9.2 (Redemption of Securities by the Issuer due to certain early redemption events).
“Electronic Consent” means, where the Securities are held by or on behalf of a relevant Clearing System, 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant

--- Page 68 ---
Conditions
66
Clearing System(s) in accordance with its operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Securities then outstanding.
“Eligible Crypto Asset” means, with respect to any Series of Securities, any Crypto Asset that is amongst 
the top one hundred Crypto Assets, as measured by market capitalisation as determined by the Issuer on 
the relevant trade date with respect to the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Securities and that is not 
a Prohibited Crypto Asset. For the purposes of such determination, the Issuer shall rely on:
(A)
the data regarding aggregate market capitalisation of such Crypto Asset in the Settlement 
Currency based on the price per unit of such Crypto Asset as published on 
www.coinmarketcap.com as at the relevant trade date with respect to the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Securities; or
(B)
if no data is available as per (A) above, then the most recent data published on 
www.coinmarketcap.com.
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means a person with whom the Issuer may lawfully enter into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement and observe and perform the terms thereof and who meets any other 
conditions of eligibility determined from time to time by the Issuer.
"Eligible Wallet” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 9.4(C).
“English Proceedings” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 31.2 (Jurisdiction).
“English Secured Property” means all Secured Property subject to the English Transaction Security.
“English Transaction Security” means all Transaction Security located in England and/or governed by 
English law.
“Entitlement Precision Level” means, in relation to each Security forming a Series of Securities, the level 
specified as such in the Final Terms.
“Equivalent Event” means, any event or circumstance which, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, has an effect 
on the Underlying or the Securities that is equivalent to any other Adjustment Event. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Events of Default).
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 23.1 (Event of 
Default). 
“Excess Crypto Asset Collateral” has the meaning given in Condition 9.8 (General Provisions related to 
Excess Crypto Asset Collateral).
“Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange, Xetra and/or any other stock exchange on which a Series of 
Securities may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as specified in the Final Terms.
“Extraordinary Event” has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 22 (Liability of losses).
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution of Securityholders passed (i) at a meeting duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (ii) by 
a Written Resolution, or (iii) by Electronic Consent.
“FATCA” means:
(A)
sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code;
(B)
any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental 
agreement between the US and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the 
implementation of any law or regulation referred to in paragraph (A) above; or

--- Page 69 ---
Conditions
67
(C)
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation referred to in 
paragraphs (A) or (B) above with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or any 
governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction.
“Final Fixing Date” means, with respect to any redemption of Securities by way of Cash Settlement, subject 
to provisions regarding a Disruption Event and Underlying liquidity, the date on which settlement of sale of 
the required amount of Crypto Asset Collateral was completed in full and the Administration Agent is able 
to calculate the Cash Redemption Amount in the Settlement Currency.
“Final Terms” means the final terms completed by the Issuer in respect of the Series of Securities.
“Galaxy” means Galaxy Digital Funds LLC, a limited liability company organised and existing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware, USA with its principal place of business at 300 Vesey Street, 13th floor, New 
York, NY 10282.
“Global Registered Certificate” means, in respect of Registered Securities, a certificate in permanent global 
form representing all of the Securities of the Series, substantially in the form set out in the Master Trust 
Terms.
“Hard Fork” means, with respect to a Crypto Asset, the splitting of the protocol applicable to that Crypto 
Asset, which results in (i) two or more Blockchains which are technologically incompatible with each other 
and (ii) two or more Crypto Assets being available for trading simultaneously, one being native to the 
original Blockchain that existed immediately prior to the aforementioned protocol split (the “Original Crypto 
Assets”), and one or more relating to the new Blockchain(s) resulting from such protocol split (“New Crypto 
Assets”).
“Hedging Event” means that the Issuer:
(A)
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s), including Crypto Asset 
Collateral, it deems necessary to hedge the risk of issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities, or (2) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), including Crypto Asset Collateral; or
(B)
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date 
and as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) amount of Tax (other than brokerage 
commissions) to: (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s), including Underlying, it deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (2) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), including Crypto Asset Collateral.
“Illegality Event” means that any time on or after the Issue Date the performance of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Conditions will be unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power or any Applicable Law.
“Insolvency Event” means that the Issuer is declared bankrupt within the meaning of article 736 para 1 No. 
3 of CO and the DEBA by a competent court.
“Intermediated Securities” has the meaning specified in Condition 3.3 (Uncertificated Securities).
“Investor Cash Settlement Conditions” means, in respect of any redemption of Securities of any Series by 
the Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant, all the following conditions have been satisfied 
with respect to such redemption:
(A)
completion of the required verification checks by the Principal Paying Agent to its satisfaction 
based on the documents provided by such holder of Securities to the Principal Paying Agent 
including the validation and/or KYC Requirements checks with respect to the financial 
intermediary (being the relevant Clearing System or a broker acting as the intermediary to the

--- Page 70 ---
Conditions
68
holder) who maintains the relevant securities account for such holder and who will deliver the 
Securities subject to the redemption back to the Issuing Agent;
(B)
payment of an upfront Investor Redemption Fee to the Principal Paying Agent as specified in the 
Investor Redemption Order Form;
(C)
one or more of the following conditions have been satisfied:
(1)
the Securityholder in its Redemption Order certifies that it is prohibited for legal or 
regulatory reasons from owning or taking delivery of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral 
upon the relevant redemption if Physical Settlement would otherwise be applicable;
(2)
the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the 
relevant Crypto Asset Collateral to the Securityholder if Physical Settlement would 
otherwise be applicable; and/or
(3)
on the date of such Investor Redemption Order Form is lodged by a holder of Securities, 
there is no Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme with respect to the 
relevant Series of Securities; and
(D)
completion by such holder of Securities of the Investor Redemption Order Form as verified by the 
Principal Paying Agent.
“Investor Physical Settlement Conditions” means, in respect of any redemption of Securities of any Series 
by the Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant, all the following conditions have been satisfied 
with respect to such redemption:
(A)
completion of the required verification checks by the Principal Paying Agent to its satisfaction 
based on the documents provided by such holder of Securities to the Principal Paying Agent 
including the validation and/or KYC Requirements checks with respect to the financial 
intermediary (being the relevant Clearing System or a broker acting as the intermediary to the 
holder) who maintains the relevant securities account for such holder and who will deliver the 
Securities subject to the redemption back to the Issuing Agent;
(B)
completion by such holder of Securities of the Investor Redemption Order Form as verified by the 
Principal Paying Agent, including providing evidence that the Wallet specified in the Investor 
Redemption Order Form belongs to such holder of Securities and that it is an Eligible Wallet 
pursuant to Condition 9.4(C);
(C)
payment of an up-front Investor Redemption Fee to the Principal Paying Agent as specified in the 
Investor Redemption Order Form; and 
(D)
if there is at least one Authorised Participant appointed with respect to the relevant Series of 
Securities, the Investor Redemption Order Form is submitted at least 12 months after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of such Series of Securities.
“Investor Redemption Fee” means the fee payable by a Securityholder to the Principal Paying Agent by 
way of an upfront payment on the redemption of Securities pursuant to Condition 10 (Investor Redemption 
Fee).
“Investor Redemption Order Form” has the meaning given in:
(A)
with respect to redemption of Securities by way of Physical Settlement, Condition 9.4 (Physical 
Settlement at the Option of a Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant); and
(B)
with respect to redemption of Securities by way of Cash Settlement, Condition 9.10 (Cash 
Settlement at the Option of a Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant).
“IPA Default” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 23.1 (Event of Default).

--- Page 71 ---
Conditions
69
“Irish Act” means the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Act 2009 of Ireland (as amended from time to 
time).
“Irish Delegate” means any delegate, agent, manager, attorney or co-trustee appointed by the Trustee or 
any Irish Receiver.
“Irish Law Provisions” means Clause 5.2 (Irish Transaction Security), Clause 5.6(B)(3) (Realisation of 
Transaction Security), Clause 5.9 (Appointment and powers of the Irish Receiver in respect of the Irish 
Transaction Security), Clause 5.10 (Enforcement of the Irish Transaction Security), Clause 5.11 (Right of 
appropriation), Clause 5.13 (Further assurance) (in respect of the Irish Receiver only), Clause 5.15(B) 
(Attorney), Clause 5.16 (No obligation to account) (in respect of the Irish Receiver only) Clause 5.18(B) 
(Additional Powers), Clause 5.19(B) (No duty to enquire), Clause 5.23 (Role of Trustee in the Irish 
Transaction Security), Clause 5.29 (Mortgagee or heritable creditor) (in respect of the Irish Receiver only), 
Clause 9.14 (Indemnity) (in respect of the Irish Receiver only) of the Master Trust Terms, as contained in 
the Trust Deed.
“Irish Proceedings” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 31 (Governing law and Jurisdiction).
“Irish Receiver” means a receiver, receiver and manager or, where permitted by law, an administrative 
receiver and shall include any appointee made under a joint or several appointment in connection with any 
Irish Transaction Security.
“Irish Secured Property” means any Secured Property subject to the Irish Transaction Security.
“Irish Transaction Security” means all Transaction Security located in Ireland and/or governed by Irish law.
“Issue Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms on which the Securities are issued.
“Issue Price” means, with respect to each Series of Securities the issue price per Security as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
“Issuer” means Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG a corporation incorporated under the laws of 
Switzerland.
“Issuer Expenses Account” means the bank account in the name of the Issuer opened with any bank for 
the purposes of receiving, holding and transferring proceeds from the sale of any Excess Crypto Asset 
Collateral with respect to any Series of Securities transferred from the Series Transaction Account. The 
Issuer Expenses Account shall not be subject to Transaction Security and a single Issuer Expenses 
Account shall be opened by the Issuer with respect to the Programme.
“Issuer Technical Amendment” means any amendment, variation or modification to the Conditions, any 
Trust Deed and/or any Transaction Document which is made:
(A)
in connection with (i) the appointment of an Authorised Participant and/or (ii) the entry into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement and/or (iii) any change to the terms of an Authorised Participant 
Agreement which is necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer;
(B)
in connection with (i) the appointment of a Custodian, Corporate Services Administrator, Arranger, 
the Administration Agent, Crypto Execution Agent, Crypto Development Advisor, Issuing Agent, 
Paying Agent or any other Agent and/or (ii) the entry into a Custody Agreement or Additional 
Series Agency Agreement and/or (iii) any change to the terms of a Series Agency Agreement 
which is necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer;
(C)
in connection with any change in the fees or costs payable to any Transaction Party by a party 
other than the Issuer;
(D)
to comply or align with rules, regulations or procedures of any stock exchange, settlement system, 
Authorised Participant or Custodian where such compliance or alignment is mandatory or is for 
the benefit of the Securityholders; and/or

--- Page 72 ---
Conditions
70
(E)
pursuant to Condition 13 (Adjustments for Securities) or 16 (Consolidation and Division and 
Trading of Securities) or otherwise which, under the Conditions or the Trust Deed, the Trustee is 
bound to agree to or which can be made by the Issuer without the consent of the Trustee.
“Issuer’s Website” means www.etf.dws.com or any successor or alternative website notified to 
Securityholders.
“Issuing Agent” means State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch and any successor 
issuing agent.
“KYC Requirements” means applicable anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing laws and 
regulations, sanctions and any related “know your customer” standards.
“Main Register” has the meaning specified in Condition 3.3 (Uncertificated Securities).
“Master Administration Agency Terms” means the Master Administration Agency Terms 2024 Edition, or 
such other edition as specified in the Constituting Document.
“Master Crypto Execution Services Terms” means Master Crypto Execution Services Terms 2024 Edition, 
or such other edition as specified in the Constituting Document.
“Master Definitions and Construction Terms” means the Master Definitions and Construction Terms 2024 
Edition, or such other edition as specified in the Constituting Document.
“Master Issuing and Paying Agency Terms” means Master Issuing and Paying Agency Terms 2024 Edition, 
or such other edition as specified in the Constituting Document.
“Master Trust Terms” means the Master Trust Terms 2024 Edition, or such other edition as specified in 
the Constituting Document.
“Minimum Threshold Trigger” means, an amount in per cent. specified in the Final Terms, if any.
“Minimum Trading Lot” means a minimum trading lot specified in the Final Terms, if any.
“Minimum Value Event” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, as determined by the Issuer, 
an event where the Value per Security on each of any three consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days is 
equal to or less than the product of (i) the Minimum Threshold Trigger and (ii) the Value er Security on the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Securities.
“New Crypto Assets” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Hard Fork. 
“Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13.2(B)(1)(a).
“Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets Proceeds” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13.2(B)(1)(b).
“Operating Manual” means the operating manual in respect of the procedures for the subscription and 
redemption of Securities, calculation of Product Fees and corresponding reduction of Coin Entitlement and 
payment of the Product Fees and various other processes relating to the operation of the Issuer and the 
Securities, as agreed and updated from time to time between the Issuer, the relevant Authorised 
Participants, the Agents and the Arranger.
“Original Crypto Assets” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Hard Fork.
“Paying Agent(s)” means the Principal Paying Agent, the Swiss Paying Agent and any entity or entities 
specified as an additional Paying Agent in the Final Terms or any successor thereto or replacement Paying 
Agent appointed by the Issuer, in each case at its Specified Office.

--- Page 73 ---
Conditions
71
“Physical Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Securities to be redeemed by Physical Settlement, 
means:
(A)
the aggregate Coin Entitlement of such Securities subject to redemption as at the Redemption 
Date rounded down to the next lowest Delivery Precision Level; less
(B)
an amount of such Crypto Asset Collateral having a value equal (in the opinion of the 
Administration Agent) to the Redemption Deductions rounded up to the next highest Delivery 
Precision Level.
“Physical Settlement” in relation to the redemption of any Security, means redemption of such Securities 
by way of delivery of the required amount of the Crypto Asset Collateral equal to the Physical Redemption 
Amount determined under these Conditions to the relevant Securityholder.
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time, issue of a certificate and/or the fulfilment of any other requirement become an Event of Default.
“Price Source” means, with respect to Underlying, the price or value source, including but not limited to 
information providers such as Reuters or Bloomberg and the respective pages on their systems, that 
officially provides for the respective price or value of such Underlying, as such source determined by the 
Administration Agent (or the Arranger in circumstances set out in Condition 17.3(G) (Administration Agent)) 
in its absolute discretion.
“Principal Paying Agent” means State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch and any 
successor principal paying agent.
“Proceedings” means English Proceedings or Irish Proceedings, as applicable.
“Product Fee” has the meaning, in respect of any Series of Securities, given to that term in Condition 8.1 
(Coin Entitlement Calculation), as set out in the Final Terms of that Series, as may be varied as accordance 
with these Conditions. 
“Programme” means the Issuer’s programme for the issuance of exchange traded securities collateralised 
by Crypto Assets.
“Prohibited Crypto Asset” means any Crypto Asset which, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, falls 
within any of the following categories, in each case as determined by the Issuer on the Issue Date of the 
relevant Series of Securities:
(A)
any stablecoin (including asset-referenced tokens and electronic money tokens) where the 
relevant protocols and rules governing such stablecoin do not provide for prudent collateralisation 
requirements;
(B)
any Crypto Asset which is regarded as a “privacy coin” and which rules and protocols hide or 
obscure transactions on its blockchain by way of anonymising the origin and destination of 
transacted coins or tokens, the amount transacted and/or balances of Wallet addresses;
(C)
any Crypto Asset which is regarded as a “meme coin”, and which has all of the following 
characteristics: (i) such Crypto Asset being considered by the broad investment community to be 
a “meme coin”; (ii) being associated with comical or animated memes; and (iii) having no intrinsic 
utility or functionality;
(D)
any Crypto Asset which is regarded as an “exchange token”, i.e., is issued by a Crypto Asset 
exchange; and/or
(E)
any Crypto Asset which is regarded as a “wrapped token”, i.e., which is pegged to the value of 
another native Crypto Asset in order to make the Crypto Asset available on a different blockchain.
“Prohibited Securityholder” means any Securityholder that, through its holding of the Securities, is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, in breach of or subject to sanctions under any Applicable Law, identified as a

--- Page 74 ---
Conditions
72
Restricted Party or would risk exposing the Issuer or any Transaction Party to a breach of or sanction 
under any Applicable Law.
“Quarantine Review ” means a review carried out by a Custodian where Crypto Assets are transferred to 
the Collateral Account held by such Custodian on behalf of the Issuer and in relation to a given Series of 
Securities and thereafter from time to time, which may involve anti-money laundering checks, verification 
screenings and other related checks and procedures designed to ensure compliance with any KYC 
Requirements, applicable laws and regulations and/or the relevant Custodian’s own internal policies. 
“Quarantined Crypto Assets ” means Crypto Assets held by the Custodian(s) on behalf of the Issuer in 
relation to a given Series of Securities that have failed a Quarantine Review and are, as a consequence, 
inaccessible to the Issuer and/or no longer constitute Crypto Asset Collateral for that Series of Securities.
“Redemption Amount” means in case of redemption of Securities by Cash Settlement, Cash Redemption 
Amount and in case of redemption of Securities by Physical Settlement, Physical Redemption Amount.
“Redemption Date” means, with respect to any redemption:
(A)
following delivery of an Early Redemption Notice, the redemption date specified in the Early 
Redemption Notice;
(B)
in case of Physical Settlement, if such redemption is requested by an Authorised Participant, the 
AP Redemption Date;
(C)
in case of Physical Settlement, if such redemption is requested by the Securityholder which is not 
an Authorised Participant, no more than 10 Business Days after the Principal Paying Agent has 
confirmed the details of the Redemption Order to the Administration Agent in accordance with 
Condition 9.4(A)(6); and
(D)
in case of Cash Settlement no more than 10 Business Days after the Final Fixing Date.
“Redemption Deductions” in respect of any Securities to be redeemed, means an amount equal to the 
costs, charges and/or fees incurred by the Issuer per Security in connection with such redemption, 
including, without limitation:
(A)
in respect of any redemption to be effected by Physical Settlement, any costs incurred by the 
Issuer, the Custodian(s), the Crypto Execution Agent (as agent of the Issuer) or any other of the 
Issuer’s agents as part of a transfer of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral;
(B)
any banking and custody fees or costs incurred as part of transfer of cash or Crypto Asset 
Collateral between accounts of the Issuer and/or any Securityholder;
(C)
in respect of any redemption to be effected by Cash Settlement, any costs incurred as part of 
currency conversions which may be necessary to facilitate such redemption;
(D)
any blockchain network fees which are incurred as part of transfer of Crypto Asset Collateral from 
the relevant Collateral Account to another Wallet (to the extent those fees are not covered by the 
Custodian(s) in accordance with the Custody Agreements);
(E)
any costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee incurred in relation to enforcing the Transaction 
Security or taking any steps required as a part of a sale, a purchase or the transfer of Crypto 
Asset Collateral; and
(F)
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future Taxes of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority thereof having power to Tax.
In the case of a redemption to be settled by Physical Settlement, the Redemption Deductions shall be 
applied in kind by deduction of an amount of Crypto Asset Collateral and the amount of such Crypto Asset 
Collateral to be deducted on account of Redemption Deductions shall be as calculated by the

--- Page 75 ---
Conditions
73
Administration Agent. In the case of any redemption to be effected by way of Cash Settlement, the 
Redemption Deductions shall be applied by deduction of the relevant amount of cash and the amount of 
any such Redemption Deductions in cash not denominated in the currency of payment shall be converted 
into an amount in the currency of payment as calculated by the Administration Agent.
“Redemption Order” means a request from a Securityholder to the Issuer for redemption of Securities by 
way of Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement as applicable.
“Register” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 3.4 (Title to Registered Securities).
“Registered Securities” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 3 (Form and Title).
“Registrar” means any other person with respect to Registered Securities appointed by the Issuer as the 
registrar maintaining the Register.
“Registrar Agreement” with respect to a Series Securities issued in registered form, means the agreement 
for the provision of registry and associated Services entered into between the Registrar and the Issuer and 
the Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, there will no Registrar Agreement with respect to the Series 
Securities that are not issued in registered form.
“Regulatory Event” means that, at any time on or after the Issue Date, as a result of:
(A)
an implementation or adoption of, or change in, Applicable Law, regulation, interpretation, action 
or response of a regulatory authority; or
(B)
the promulgation of, or any interpretation by any court, tribunal, government or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction (a “Relevant Authority”) of, any relevant law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority); or
(C)
the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any Relevant Authority or any official 
or representative of any Relevant Authority acting in an official capacity,
there is a reasonable likelihood of it becoming:
(1)
unlawful, impossible or impracticable, for the Issuer to maintain the Securities and/or to 
perform its obligations under the Securities; and/or
(2)
necessary for the Issuer to obtain a licence, authorisation or other approval for the 
continuation or maintenance of the business relating to or supporting the Securities or their 
hedging activities in relation to such Securities.
“Restricted Party” means any person, entity or government instrumentality that is, or is owned or controlled 
(as such terms are interpreted in accordance with applicable Sanctions laws and regulations) by one or 
more persons, entities or government instrumentalities that is:
(A)
publicly designated by a Sanctioning Authority to be the target of Sanctions;
(B)
a citizen of, located or resident in or incorporated or organised under the laws of a Sanctioned 
Country; or
(C)
otherwise the target of Sanctions.
“Sanctioned Country” means a country or territory which is the subject of any country-wide Sanctions.
“Sanctioning Authority” means:

--- Page 76 ---
Conditions
74
(A)
the U.S. government or any U.S. agency or official institution thereof (including OFAC, the U.S. 
Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of the 
Treasury);
(B)
the United Nations Security Council;
(C)
the E.U. or any of the governments of its member states or any agency or official institution 
thereof; or
(D)
the U.K. government (including, without limitation, any of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Foreign, 
Commonwealth & Development Office and the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial 
Strategy) or any agency or official institution thereof; and
(E)
any other authority  that is reasonably determined to be relevant for a Series.
“Sanctions” means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or other similar restrictive 
measures imposed, enacted, administered or enforced from time to time by a Sanctioning Authority.
“Scheduled Valuation Day” means the Issue Date and each day thereafter on which banks are open for 
business in London.
“Secured Creditors” means the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agents, the Technical Account 
Bank, the Arranger, the Administration Agent, the Crypto Execution Agent, the Custodian(s) and the 
Securityholders, to the extent entitled to the benefit of the Secured Obligations relating to a Series of 
Securities.
“Secured Obligations” means the payment and delivery obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee and the 
other Secured Creditors under the Transaction Documents with respect to each Series of Securities that 
such Secured Creditor is a party to.
“Secured Property” means the assets subject to the Transaction Security relating to a Series of Securities.
“Securities” means the non-interest bearing, secured, limited recourse debt obligations of the Issuer 
constituted by the Trust Deed.
“Security Documents” means any security document relating to the Securities pursuant to which the 
Transaction Security in respect of the Secured Property is created or perfected, and any other document 
designated as such by the Issuer and the Trustee, as such document may be amended, supplemented, 
novated and/or replaced from time to time, including but not limited to:
(A)
the Trust Deed;
(B)
the Swiss Law Pledge; and
(C)
any additional security or pledge agreement entered into between, amongst others, the Issuer 
and the Trustee to grant security in respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral.
“Securityholders” means the person in whose name a Registered Security or Uncertificated Security is 
registered (as the case may be).
“Selected Forked Crypto Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13.2(B)(1)(a).
“Selected Forked Crypto Assets Purchase” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13.2(B)(1)(b).
“Series” means the series of Securities issued by the Issuer and identified in the Final Terms, comprised 
of one Tranche or of multiple Tranches, where each subsequent Tranche is expressed to form a single 
Series with each earlier Tranche.

--- Page 77 ---
Conditions
75
“Series Agency Agreement” means any of (i) the Master Issuing and Paying Agency Terms, the Master 
Crypto Execution Services Terms, the Master Administration Agency Terms, the Registrar Agreement and 
any other agreement or terms constituted by the Constituting Document in each case in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities and (ii) any other agency agreement or terms with respect to any Series of 
Securities designated as an “Additional Series Agency Agreement” in the Final Terms.
“Series Transaction Account” means a separate bank account in the name of the Technical Account Bank, 
opened by the Technical Account Bank with respect to each Series of Securities, for the purposes of 
(amongst other things):
(A)
settlement of subscriptions and redemptions of Securities by way of Cash Settlement; and
(B)
settlement of relevant transactions with the Crypto Brokers (including as a result of purchase and 
sale of any part of Crypto Asset Collateral, including sale of any part of the Excess Crypto Asset 
Collateral to settle any fees payable to the Arranger).
The Series Transaction Account shall not be subject to Transaction Security.
“Settlement Currency” means the currency specified in the Final Terms in which the Cash Redemption 
Amount is settled. 
“SIS” means SIX SIS AG, Olten, Switzerland, or any successor thereof.
“SIX” or “SIX Swiss Exchange” means the SIX Swiss Exchange AG, Pfingstweidstrasse 110, 8005 Zurich, 
Switzerland, or its successor.
“Specified Office” means, in relation to a party, the office identified with its name in the Final Terms and/or 
the office identified with its name in the Constituting Document or any other office notified to 
Securityholders and the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed.
“Subscription Coin Amount” means, in respect of a Subscription Order and the related Subscription 
Settlement Date applicable to such Subscription Order, the product of: 
(A)
the number of newly issued Securities requested by the relevant Authorised Participant in such 
Subscription Order to be issued by the Issuer to such Authorised Participant; and 
(B)
the Coin Entitlement per Security applicable to each such Security as at the Subscription 
Settlement Date,
rounded upwards to the next highest Delivery Precision Level.
“Subscription Order” means an order by an authorised person of the Authorised Participant to the Issuer 
for the issuance of Securities by the Issuer to such Authorised Participant, which is delivered through the 
DWS AP Portal in accordance with the Operating Manual unless otherwise agreed by the parties, in the 
form agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant (as may be updated from time to time).
“Subscription Settlement Date” means, with respect to any new Securities, the originally scheduled Issue 
Date of such new Securities agreed on the Subscription Trade Date related to such new Securities.
“Subscription Trade Date” means, with respect to issue of any new Securities, the trade date (day “T”) on 
which all the settlement terms related to the issue of such new Securities have been agreed between the 
Issuer, the Administration Agent, the Crypto Execution Agent (if applicable) and the Authorised Participant 
in accordance with the Operating Manual.
“Substituted Issuer” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19.4 (Issuer substitution).
“Swiss Law Pledge” means, with respect to the relevant Series of Securities, a Swiss law governed security 
agreement between the Issuer and the Secured Creditors represented by the Trustee with respect to

--- Page 78 ---
Conditions
76
granting security with respect to such Series of Securities over the Issuer’s rights under any Series Agency 
Agreement governed by the laws of Switzerland.
“Swiss Paying Agent” means State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch or any other 
eligible Swiss paying agent performing the paying agency function for a particular Series of Securities for 
the purposes of the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange as set forth in the relevant Final Terms.
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.
“Taxation” or “Tax” means all forms of taxation (other than deferred tax) and statutory, governmental, state, 
provincial, local governmental or municipal impositions, duties, contributions and levies, in each case in 
the nature of tax, whether levied by reference to income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values, turnover, 
added value or otherwise and shall further include payments to a Tax Authority on account of Tax, in each 
case of a jurisdiction in the EEA or elsewhere in the world wherever imposed and whether chargeable or 
primarily against or attributable directly or primarily to a Party or any other person and all penalties and 
interest relating thereto.
“Tax Deduction” means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax, including any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of FATCA.
“Technical Account Bank” means (i) State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch or (ii) 
or any other entity as specified in the relevant Final Terms relating to a Series of Securities.
“Tranche” means a tranche of Securities which form part of the same Series as Securities comprised in 
another tranche with respect to the same Series of Securities.
“Transaction Document” means each of the Security Document(s), each Series Agency Agreement, each 
Custody Agreement, each Authorised Participant Agreement, the Corporate Services Administration 
Agreement and the Constituting Document.
“Transaction Party” means each party to a Transaction Document other than the Issuer.
“Transaction Security” means, with respect to a Series of Securities:
(A)
a first fixed charge over the Crypto Asset Collateral and all property, income, sums and assets 
derived therefrom from time to time in accordance with the Trust Deed;
(B)
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest attaching to or in 
respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral and all property, income, sums or other assets derived 
therefrom, including, without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or 
nominal value thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a clearing 
system or through a financial intermediary in accordance with the Trust Deed;
(C)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest with respect to each 
Collateral Account and Custody Agreement in accordance with the Trust Deed;
(D)
a first fixed charge over all sums held by any Paying Agent and/or the Custodian(s) to meet 
payments due in respect of any Secured Obligation in accordance with the Trust Deed; 
(E)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under each of the Series 
Agency Agreements (other than any Series Agency Agreement governed by the laws of 
Switzerland), any Authorised Participant Agreement (which are related and attributable to the 
relevant Series) and any rights of the Issuer’s rights against any Crypto Broker (which are related 
and attributable to the relevant Series) in accordance with the Trust Deed; 
(F)
a first fixed charge over the Issuer’s interest in any bank accounts (present and future) other than 
the Issuer Expenses Account and the Series Transaction Account opened in respect of the Series 
(each, an “Additional Account”) maintained with any bank or custodian in respect of any Series 
and any sums relating to such Series standing to the credit of each such Additional Account from 
time to time in accordance with the Trust Deed;

--- Page 79 ---
Conditions
77
(G)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under any agreement 
(present or future) with any account bank or custodian in respect of any Additional Accounts in 
accordance with the Trust Deed;
(H)
an assignment by way of security or pledge (as applicable) of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest 
under any Series Agency Agreements governed by the laws of Switzerland, in each case in 
accordance with the Swiss Law Pledge; and
(I)
any other security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security Document for such 
Series,
and, in each case, the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, income, rights 
and/or agreements of the Issuer (other than the Issuer’s share capital) from time to time charged or 
assigned or otherwise made subject to the security created by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee pursuant 
to the Security Documents, as the case may be, in each case securing the Secured Obligations and 
includes, where the context permits, any part of that Transaction Security.
“Trust Deed” means the trust deed constituted by the Constituting Document between, amongst others, 
the Issuer and the Trustee as trustee for the Securityholders in the form of the Master Trust Terms, as 
amended by the Constituting Document.
“Trustee” means Vistra Capital Markets Trustees Limited or such other entity named in the Constituting 
Document as trustee, but which definition shall include all persons for the time being acting as the trustee 
or trustees under the Trust Deed.
“Travel Rule” means the Financial Action Task Force’s recommendations (as updated from time to time) 
for virtual asset service providers sending or receiving crypto asset transfers on behalf of a customer to:
(A)
obtain, hold and submit information between the transacting parties on the transaction originator 
including but not limited to the name, address and beneficiary information; and
(B)
on request provide the required information to their competent authorities as part of their anti-
money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism legislation.
“Uncertificated Securities” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 3 (Form and Title).
“Underlying” means the Eligible Crypto Asset with respect to a Series of Securities as specified in the Final 
Terms. If a recognised ticker for such Underlying (including “BTC” with respect to Bitcoin or “ETH” with 
respect to Ether) have changed with respect to such Underlying and, in sole determination by the Issuer, 
the relevant Underlying prior to such change continue to be the same as such Underlying after such of the 
relevant ticker, the relevant Series of Securities (and the relevant Coin Entitlement) will continue to be 
linked to and refer to such same Underlying with the new ticker.
“Underlying Illiquidity” has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 12.1 (Underlying Illiquidity).
“Underlying Reference Price” means, with respect to any day, the market price of the relevant Underlying 
on such date, as calculated by the Administration Agent by reference to such price being published by any 
Price Source on such day as selected by the Administration Agent.
“Value per Security” means, with respect to each Security on any day, an amount per Security expressed 
in the Settlement Currency and determined by the Administration Agent as being equal (calculated to two 
decimal places with 0.005 rounded upwards, and subject to a floor of zero) to:
(A)
the Coin Entitlement per Security in respect of any day; multiplied by
(B)
the Underlying Reference Price in respect of any day,
as published by the Issuer on the Issuer’s Website in accordance with Condition 8.2 (Coin Entitlement and 
Value per Security publication).

--- Page 80 ---
Conditions
78
“Wallet” means a software program used to store private and public keys to send and receive Crypto 
Assets through on-chain transactions.
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. of the aggregate number of the Securities of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting held in accordance with the Trust Deed.
“Xetra” means Deutsche Börse Xetra.
2.
Interpretation
To the extent of any inconsistency between the terms defined in the Trust Deed, these Conditions and/or 
the Final Terms, the document ranking the highest in the following order of priority shall prevail:
(A)
the Final Terms;
(B)
the Trust Deed; and
(C)
these Conditions.
3.
Form and Title
3.1
Form
(A)
The Securities are issued in either registered form (“Registered Securities”) or in dematerialised 
uncertificated form as simple uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) within the meaning 
of article 973c CO (“Uncertificated Securities”), as specified in the Final Terms, in each case in 
the Base Currency specified in the Final Terms.
(B)
If it is stated in the Final Terms that the form of the Securities is:
(1)
“Registered” such Securities are Registered Securities; or
(2)
“Uncertificated” such Securities are Uncertificated Securities. 
(C)
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form of all of the Securities with respect to a 
particular Series will be the same.
3.2
Registered Securities
(A)
Registered Securities may initially be represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, 
save as provided in Condition 4 (Exchange and transfer), each Certificate shall represent the 
entire holding of Registered Securities by the same holder, or may initially be represented by one 
or more Global Registered Certificates.
(B)
In respect of Registered Securities relating to a Series to be issued in global form, as stated in 
the Final Terms, the Global Registered Certificate in respect of such Registered Securities will be 
registered in the name of a nominee for, and shall be deposited on its issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of, the Clearing Systems.
3.3
Uncertificated Securities
(A)
Uncertificated Securities shall be held in uncertificated registered form and as such are 
dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of title.
(B)
Uncertificated Securities shall be cleared through the relevant Clearing System in accordance 
with the rules of such Clearing System.

--- Page 81 ---
Conditions
79
(C)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for so long as the Uncertificated 
Securities are participating securities:
(1)
the Main Register shall be maintained at all times outside the United Kingdom; and
(2)
these Conditions in respect of the Uncertificated Securities shall remain applicable 
notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate or document of title.
(D)
If the Clearing System with respect to the Uncertificated Securities is SIS, such Securities will 
then be entered into the main register of the Clearing System (Hauptregister) (the “Main 
Register”). Once the Securities are registered in the Main Register of the Clearing System and 
entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Clearing System, they will constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 2008, as amended (“Intermediated Securities”).
(E)
The records of the Clearing System will determine the number of Securities held through each 
participant in the Clearing System.
(F)
In respect of the Securities held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the account holder other 
than a custodian holding Intermediated Securities, or a custodian holding Intermediated 
Securities for its own account, will be the Securityholder. When the Securities are not or no longer 
registered with the Clearing System, the Securities may only be transferred by written assignment.
3.4
Title to Registered Securities
Title to Registered Securities shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure will be 
kept by the Registrar (the “Register”). A copy of the Register will, upon written request from the Issuer, and 
promptly upon any changes made thereto, be sent by the Registrar to the Issuer, with the information 
contained in such copy to be transcribed in a register held by the Issuer at its registered office to enable 
the Issuer to keep the register held at its registered office up-to-date, complete and correct. The Register 
shall at all times be located, kept and maintained in Switzerland. 
4.
Exchange and transfer
4.1
Transfer of beneficial interests in Registered Securities represented by a Global Registered 
Certificate
Beneficial interests in Securities represented by a Global Registered Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Clearing System(s).
4.2
Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form
One or more Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender (at the Specified Office of the 
Issuing Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Securities to be transferred, together with 
the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form 
and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), 
duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Issuing Agent may reasonably require. In the 
case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Securities represented by one Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate 
in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. The regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Securities may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written 
approval of the Issuing Agent. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Issuing Agent 
to any holder of Registered Securities upon request.
4.3
Exercise of options or partial redemption in respect of Registered Securities
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer’s or a Securityholder’s option in respect of, or a redemption of a 
part of, a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be 
issued to the holder in respect of the balance of the holding not subject to the exercise of such option or, 
as the case may be, redeemed. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Certificates to the Issuing Agent.

--- Page 82 ---
Conditions
80
4.4
Delivery of new Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to this Condition 4 will be available for delivery within five 
business days of surrender of the relevant Certificate and, if applicable, receipt of the relevant request for 
exchange, form of transfer or notice of exercise together with such other evidence (if any) as may be 
required pursuant to the relevant Condition. Delivery of new Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified 
Office of the Issuing Agent or, at the option of the holder making such delivery and surrender as aforesaid 
and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, notice of exercise or otherwise in 
writing, shall be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be 
so specified. In this Condition 4.4 “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which 
banks are open for business in the place of the Specified Office of the Issuing Agent.
4.5
Exchange and transfer free of charge
Exchange and transfer of Securities in accordance with this Condition 4 shall be effected without charge 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, but upon payment by the relevant Securityholder (or the 
giving by the relevant Securityholder of such indemnity as the Issuing Agent may require in respect thereof) 
of any Tax which may be imposed in relation to it.
4.6
Closed periods
No Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered:
(A)
during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the Redemption Date for that Security;
(B)
after an Early Redemption Notice in respect of such Series of Securities has been delivered; or
(C)
during the period of seven calendar days ending on (and including) the relevant date on which 
Clearing Systems are open and Securities can be settled immediately prior to the date for 
payment on such Security.
4.7
Exchange of Uncertificated Securities
(A)
All transactions in respect of Uncertificated Securities must be effected through an account with 
the relevant Clearing System. All transfers of Uncertificated Securities shall be subject to and 
made in accordance with the rules, procedures and practices in effect of the Issuing Agent and 
the Clearing System which may change from time to time. No provision of the Conditions shall 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any 
respect inconsistent with the holding or transfer of title to Uncertificated Securities.
(B)
If at any time Securities cease to be, or notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer that the 
Securities will cease to be, held in uncertificated form and/or accepted for clearance through 
Clearing System and/or the Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or the Clearing System 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent(s) and other relevant Transaction Parties shall agree such procedures as they 
determine necessary in relation to the transfer of such Securities and shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable give notice thereof to the Securityholders. None of the Issuer, the Securityholders, the 
Trustee, any Swiss Paying Agent, Custodian, Corporate Services Administrator, Administration 
Agent, Arranger, Agent, Crypto Execution Agent, Crypto Development Advisor, Paying Agent or 
any other person shall at any time have the right to affect or demand the conversion of 
Uncertificated Securities into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or 
individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere).
(C)
To the extent a Securityholder, which has otherwise not appointed an agent or broker which are 
a member of the relevant Clearing System, ceases to be a Clearing System member, such 
Securityholders shall be obliged to find an alternative Clearing System acceptable to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent(s) and other relevant Transaction Parties.

--- Page 83 ---
Conditions
81
5.
Series, status and collateralisation 
5.1
Series and Tranches
Securities issued under the Programme are issued in Series, and each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches. Each Tranche is subject to the Final Terms. Tranches in a Series shall be identical in all respects 
except for the Issue Date and the Issue Price.
5.2
Status
The Securities are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. The Securities are non-interest bearing, 
secured, limited recourse debt obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and secured in the manner described in Condition 6 (Security) and recourse 
in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Conditions 24 (Application of Proceeds) and 28 
(Limited Recourse and Non-Petition).
5.3
Collateralisation
(A)
The Issuer will, by no later than the Issue Date (or as soon as possible thereafter) of the relevant 
Series of Securities, credit the relevant amount of Underlying with respect to such Series of 
Securities to the respective Collateral Accounts for such Series in the amount equal to product of 
the number of Securities issued on the relevant Issue Date and the Coin Entitlement as of the 
trading date related to such new Securities. The Issuer has entered into the Trust Deed and the 
Security Documents in order to secure its Secured Obligations for the benefit of the Trustee.
(B)
On the Issue Date of each Tranche of the relevant Series of Securities none of the Underlying 
with respect to such Series of Securities will comprise any Prohibited Crypto Asset.
5.4
Collateral Accounts
The Issuer may open more than one Collateral Account with each Custodian appointed with respect to the 
same Series of Securities. The Issuer may transfer Crypto Asset Collateral between different Collateral 
Accounts (including between Collateral Accounts opened with different Custodian(s) appointed for the 
same Series of Securities) without consent of the Trustee and any holders of Securities.
6.
Security
6.1
Transaction Security
(A)
The Trust Deed and the Security Documents provide that the Secured Obligations are secured in 
full in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors, unless 
otherwise provided therein, by the Transaction Security.
(B)
If any Custodian is replaced or an additional Custodian is appointed with respect to Series of 
Securities, then the security interests described above shall extend to all rights, title and interest 
of the Issuer against such replacement or additional Custodian under the relevant new Custody 
Agreement and the Issuer shall, if required, enter into additional Security Documents to secure 
its rights under such new Custody Agreement and corresponding Crypto Asset Collateral.
(C)
As further provided in the Trust Deed and the relevant Security Documents, the Transaction 
Security shall be released automatically, without the need for any notice or other formalities, to 
the extent required for the Issuer to be able to duly make any payment or delivery in respect of 
the Securities and/or the other Transaction Documents which is due and payable or deliverable, 
or as otherwise provided for under the Conditions or the Transaction Documents in respect of the 
Securities.
6.2
Enforcement of security
The Transaction Security in respect of the Securities shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Default.

--- Page 84 ---
Conditions
82
6.3
Realisation of Transaction Security
(A)
At any time after the Transaction Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may, at its 
discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least 25 per cent. in number of the 
Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (a copy of which has been provided 
to the Trustee) of the Securityholders, in each case subject to its having been pre-funded and/or 
secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, enforce the Transaction Security.
(B)
To do this, the Trustee may, at its discretion:
(1)
enforce and/or terminate any Transaction Document to the extent related to the Securities 
in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action against the relevant Transaction 
Party; and/or
(2)
take possession of and/or realise all or part of the Secured Property and in its discretion, 
sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of such assets, in such manner, at 
such time and on such terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the 
consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of such action on 
individual Securityholders.
(3)
without first appointing an Irish Receiver, exercise: 
(a)
the power of sale;
(b)
all the powers or rights which may be exercisable by the registered holder of the 
Irish Secured Property including those set out herein;
(c)
all or any of the powers and rights conferred on mortgagees by the Irish Act as 
varied or extended herein; and
(d)
all the powers, authorities and discretions conferred by herein expressly or by 
implication on any Irish Receiver or otherwise conferred by statute or common law 
on mortgagees or receivers.
(C)
Following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event, upon instruction by or on behalf of the holders 
of at least 25 per cent. in number of the Securities of the relevant Series then outstanding or by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (a copy of which has been provided to the Trustee) of the 
Securityholders of such Series, in each case subject to its having been pre-funded and/or secured 
and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, the Trustee shall, contact the Swiss bankruptcy official or 
administrator (the “Swiss Bankruptcy Official”), such Swiss Bankruptcy Official may then decide 
to either: (a) in accordance with the applicable laws of Switzerland, take such action, step or 
proceeding as necessary to enforce the rights under any of the Transaction Documents; or (b) 
instruct the Trustee to institute such proceedings and/or take such action, step or proceeding as 
instructed to enforce the rights under any of the Transaction Documents. 
(D)
If the Transaction Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may, in writing, appoint (i) a 
receiver or receivers over all or part of the English Secured Property and/or (ii) appoint one or 
more persons to be an Irish Receiver over all or part of the Irish Secured Property, and may 
remove any such receiver or Irish receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay 
or waiver of the right to exercise these powers shall prejudice their future exercise.
(E)
Neither the Trustee nor any receiver nor any Irish Receiver appointed by it or any attorney or 
agent of the Trustee will, by reason of taking possession of any assets or any other reason and 
whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual 
receipts or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such assets or from any 
act or omission to such assets or otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by its 
own fraud, gross negligence or wilful default.
(F)
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Transaction Security which 
may:

--- Page 85 ---
Conditions
83
(1)
be illegal or contrary to any Applicable Law or regulation; or
(2)
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any 
personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, 
powers and discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction.
(G)
None of the Securityholders shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails 
or is unable to do so within a reasonable time and such failure or inability is continuing. By 
purchasing a Security, the relevant Securityholder will be deemed to have acknowledged and 
agreed with the Issuer and the Trustee and the other Transaction Parties that only the Trustee 
may enforce the Transaction Security over the Secured Property in respect of the Securities in 
accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed and the Security Documents.
6.4
Application of proceeds following enforcement
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and/or any Security Document(s), with effect 
from the date on which any Event of Default Redemption Notice is delivered by the Trustee following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Transaction 
Security received by it under the Trust Deed and/or any Security Document(s) on trust for application in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Application of Proceeds).
6.5
Issuer’s rights with respect to the Secured Property 
The Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to the Secured Property, except with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee or as instructed by an Extraordinary Resolution, provided that the Issuer may, at 
any time before the Transaction Security becomes enforceable, and without the consent of the 
Securityholders or the Trustee:
(A)
take such action in relation to the Secured Property as may be either expressly permitted, 
contemplated or required by the Conditions or the Transaction Documents; and
(B)
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Secured Property which are exercisable by 
the Issuer and, in particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), 
all rights to enforce any such ownership interests in respect of such property,
provided that the Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to such assets if it is directed to the 
contrary by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and, if such direction is given, the Issuer shall 
act only in accordance with such direction.
7.
Perpetual Securities
The Securities are perpetual (otherwise referred to as “open-ended”) and have no fixed maturity.
The Issuer has the right to redeem the outstanding Securities in any Series in accordance with Condition 
9 (Redemption of Securities).
8.
Coin Entitlement
8.1
Coin Entitlement calculation
Each Security part of each Series of Securities will have a Coin Entitlement calculated as follows:
(A)
the initial Coin Entitlement per Security of the relevant Series of Securities on the Issue Date will 
be as set out in the Final Terms in relation to such Series of Securities; and

--- Page 86 ---
Conditions
84
(B)
for any day following the Issue Date, the Coin Entitlement in respect of each Security of the 
relevant Series will be calculated by the Administration Agent daily and rounded down to the 
applicable Entitlement Precision Level, in accordance with the following formula:
CE(i,t) = CE(i,t-1) (1 – PF(i,t)) 1/N 
where:
“i” refers to the relevant Series of Security;
“t” refers to the applicable day t (with t-1 being the day immediately prior to day t);
“CE(i,t)” is the Coin Entitlement per Security of Series i for day t;
“CE(i,t-1)” is the Coin Entitlement per Security of Series i on the day immediately prior to t;
“PF(i,t)” is the per annum fee applicable to Series i on day t, expressed as a decimal (so that by 
way of example 91 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0091 or 0.91%) (the “Product Fee”) 
as such Product Fee is set out in the Final Terms in relation to the relevant Series of Securities; 
and
“N” is the calendar day count being 360.
8.2
Coin Entitlement and Value per Security publication
On each Scheduled Valuation Day, the Coin Entitlement and Value per Security for each Series of 
Securities will be published on the Issuer’s Website subject to occurrence of the Disruption Event on such 
Scheduled Valuation Day in which case the Issuer shall only publish the Value per Security on the next 
Scheduled Valuation Day when no Disruption Event is occurring.
8.3
Product Fee variation
The Issuer may, with the agreement of the Arranger, vary the Product Fee. The Issuer will notify the 
Securityholders of any such variation and the varied Product Fee will not take effect for a period of 5 
Business Days from the date of such notice.
9.
Redemption of Securities 
9.1
Optional redemption of Securities by the Issuer
(A)
The Issuer may redeem the Securities outstanding in any Series at any time, at the Issuer’s sole 
discretion and without any consent of or approval by the Securityholders, the Trustee or any other 
Transaction Party, by publishing an Early Redemption Notice in respect of such Series in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) and designate the Redemption Date in such Early 
Redemption Notice. 
(B)
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.1 in respect of any Security will be effected by Cash 
Settlement in accordance with Condition 9.6 (Cash Settlement in case Securities redeem in full).
9.2
Redemption of Securities by the Issuer due to certain early redemption events
(A)
If any of the following events occurs, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities in whole but not in 
part (other than under sub-paragraph (3) where Securities shall redeem in part) without any 
consent of or approval by the Securityholders, the Trustee or any other Transaction Party, by 
publishing an Early Redemption Notice in respect of such Series in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices) and designate the Redemption Date in such Early Redemption Notice:
(1)
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that an Adjustment Event occurred which 
cannot be addressed through an adjustment to the Conditions of the Securities;

--- Page 87 ---
Conditions
85
(2)
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that an Illegality Event, a Regulatory Event 
and/or a Hedging Event has occurred; and/or
(3)
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that Securities shall redeem in part under 
Condition 16(B); and/or
(4)
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that a Disruption Event is continuing for 30 
days or more; and/or
(5)
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that no Authorised Participant has been 
appointed with respect to a Series of Securities; and/or
(6)
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that the Crypto Execution Agent is insolvent, 
resigns, terminates its appointment or materially breaches its obligations under the 
relevant Series Agency Agreement and the Issuer is not able to appoint an alternative 
Crypto Execution Agent for such Series within 90 days from the date of such event; and/or
(7)
the Issuer determines that a Minimum Value Event has occurred.
(B)
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.2 in respect of any Security will be effected by Cash 
Settlement in accordance with Condition 9.6 (Cash Settlement in case Securities redeem in full).
(C)
Settlement of the Issuer’s redemption obligations pursuant to this Condition shall be effected on 
the Redemption Date or such later date as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable subject to 
Condition 11 (Market Disruption).
9.3
Physical Settlement at the Option of an Authorised Participant
(A)
An Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of Securities 
by way of Physical Settlement in accordance with this Condition 9.3 and in accordance with the 
Operating Manual by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Order.
(B)
Where Securities are required by an Authorised Participant to be redeemed by way of Physical 
Settlement in accordance with paragraph (A) above: 
(1)
the Authorised Participant shall submit a Redemption Order on the DWS AP Portal;
(2)
the Redemption Order shall be verified by the Principal Paying Agent to ensure that it 
complies with the Conditions and the Operating Manual;
(3)
the Authorised Participant shall deliver the Securities subject to redemption to the Issuing 
Agent;
(4)
following confirmation from the Issuing Agent as to receipt of the Securities in accordance 
with paragraph (3) above, the Administration Agent shall notify the relevant Custodian that 
settlement of such redemption required by the relevant Authorised Participant requires the 
relevant amount of Crypto Asset Collateral equal to the Physical Redemption Amount to 
be transferred to the Authorised Participant’s Wallet on the relevant Redemption Date; and
(5)
the Issuing Agent shall de-register and/or cancel (as applicable) the relevant Securities 
subject to such redemption and cancel the relevant Securities in the Issuer’s book of 
uncertificated securities (as applicable).
(C)
A Redemption Order submitted by an Authorised Participant shall be submitted in accordance 
with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and shall be submitted through the DWS AP 
Portal or in such manner as agreed separately between the Arranger and the Authorised 
Participant.

--- Page 88 ---
Conditions
86
9.4
Physical Settlement at the Option of a Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant
(A)
A Securityholder, which is not an Authorised Participant, may at any time, require the Issuer to 
redeem all or part of its holding of Securities by way of Physical Settlement in accordance with 
the procedure set out below but only if all of the following Investor Physical Settlement Conditions 
have been satisfied:
(1)
the relevant Securityholder must, together with the applicable Redemption Order, submit 
the necessary details for such Physical Settlement by completing an investor order request 
form that can be obtained from the Issuer (the “Investor Redemption Order Form”). An 
Investor Redemption Order Form shall include (and be accompanied with), inter alia, the 
number and type of Securities to be redeemed (and be accompanied with a proof of 
holding of the relevant amount of Securities by the relevant Securityholder to the 
satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent), the Eligible Wallet to which the relevant Crypto 
Asset Collateral shall be delivered, and shall be duly signed by the Securityholder;
(2)
an Investor Redemption Fee shall be paid by the Securityholder to the Principal Paying 
Agent, in accordance with Condition 10 (Investor Redemption Fee);
(3)
the Redemption Order and Investor Redemption Order Form shall be verified by the 
Principal Paying Agent to ensure that they comply with the Conditions and the Operating 
Manual;
(4)
the Principal Paying Agent shall complete required validation and/or KYC Requirements 
checks with respect to the financial intermediary (being the relevant Clearing System or a 
broker acting as the intermediary to the Securityholder) who maintains the relevant 
securities account for such Securityholder and who will deliver the Securities subject to 
the redemption back to the Issuing Agent;
(5)
upon the Principal Paying Agent having completed the checks pursuant to (4) above and 
to its satisfaction and having confirmed the settlement of the Investor Redemption Fee 
(and confirming of the same to the Securityholder), the Principal Paying Agent shall 
provide further details to the Securityholder on the procedure to deliver the Securities 
subject to redemption to the Issuing Agent via the Securityholders financial intermediary 
(being the relevant Clearing System or a broker acting as the intermediary to the 
Securityholder);
(6)
the Principal Paying Agent will confirm the details of the Redemption Order to the 
Administration Agent and the Arranger;
(7)
the Administration Agent shall notify the relevant Custodian that settlement of such 
redemption required by the Securityholder requires the relevant amount of Crypto Asset 
Collateral equal to the Physical Redemption Amount (as calculated by the Administration 
Agent) to be transferred to the Securityholder’s Eligible Wallet on the relevant Redemption 
Date; and
(8)
the Issuing Agent shall de-register and/or cancel (as applicable) the relevant Securities 
subject to such redemption and cancel the relevant Securities in the Issuer’s book of 
uncertificated securities (as applicable).
(B)
Any redemption under paragraph (A) by way of a transfer of a Physical Redemption Amount to a 
Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant shall be subject to the Principal Paying 
Agent having completed the required verification checks with respect to such Securityholder and 
the documentation provided under the Redemption Order Form to its satisfaction. 
(C)
Any Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant that requests redemption of Securities 
by way of Physical Settlement under this Condition 9.4 bears the full responsibility for opening, 
maintaining and use of an Eligible Wallet. The Issuer shall not accept any Wallet for the purpose 
of Physical Settlement unless such Wallet constitutes an “Eligible Wallet” in accordance with the 
current Investor Redemption Order Form available on the Issuer’s Website.

--- Page 89 ---
Conditions
87
For the purposes of this paragraph (C) an “Eligible Wallet” means a Wallet at one of the regulated 
and supervised Crypto Asset custodians that has implemented the Travel Rule. The Issuer will, 
on a periodic basis, at its own discretion assess and decide which Crypto Asset custodian(s) 
meets these requirements. The current list of accepted Crypto Asset custodian(s) will be 
published by the Issuer in the Investor Redemption Order Form available on the Issuer’s Website. 
A holder of Securities must provide evidence that its Wallet is an Eligible Wallet and meets these 
requirements and that the Wallet address provided to the Issuer through the Investor Redemption 
Order Form belongs to such Securityholder. To evidence the characteristics of the Eligible Wallet 
and the fact that the Wallet address belongs to the Securityholder, an authenticated account 
statement by the Crypto Asset custodian that hosts the Eligible Wallet shall be provided by the 
Securityholder to the Issuer as per the instructions set out in the Investor Redemption Order Form. 
The Issuer will assess if the Wallet address belongs to the Securityholder and will only send 
Physical Redemption Amount to such Securityholder’s Wallet that is an Eligible Wallet once this 
assessment is made to the satisfaction of the Issuer.
(D)
Securityholders (including Authorised Participants) may not request a redemption of Securities 
by way of Physical Settlement under this Condition 9.4 after the Issuer has made a decision to 
redeem the Securities in whole but not in part by way of Cash Settlement in accordance with 
Condition 9.2(A) or Condition 9.1(A) and published an Early Redemption Notice in respect of such 
Series in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) and designated the Redemption Date in such 
Early Redemption Notice.
9.5
Cash Settlement at the Option of an Authorised Participant
(A)
If any of the AP Cash Settlement Conditions have been satisfied with respect to any redemption 
of Securities, an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding 
of Securities by way of Cash Settlement in accordance with this Condition 9.5 and in accordance 
with the Operating Manual by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Order.
(B)
Upon the AP Cash Settlement Conditions having been satisfied, an Authorised Participant may 
require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of Securities by way of Cash Settlement as 
set out below:
(1)
the Authorised Participant shall submit a Redemption Order via the DWS AP Portal;
(2)
the Redemption Order shall be verified by the Principal Paying Agent to ensure that it 
complies with the Conditions and the Operating Manual;
(3)
the details of the Redemption Order shall be confirmed to the Administration Agent and 
the Crypto Execution Agent via the DWS AP Portal;
(4)
the Crypto Execution Agent shall execute a sale order of the amount of the Crypto Asset 
Collateral equal to the aggregate Coin Entitlement of all the Securities subject to 
redemption on behalf of the Issuer with the relevant Crypto Broker(s) in accordance with 
the Redemption Order and provide confirmation of such sale(s) to the Administration 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Arranger;
(5)
upon receipt by the Issuer of the cash sale proceeds from the Crypto Broker(s) with respect 
to realised Crypto Asset Collateral, the Issuing Agent shall pay the Cash Redemption 
Amount to the Authorised Participant against delivery of the Securities relevant to the 
Redemption Order on a delivery versus payment basis on the Redemption Date; 
(6)
the Issuing Agent shall notify the Administration Agent that the Securities relevant to the 
Redemption Order have been delivered by the Authorised Participant. Upon receipt of 
such notification, the Administration Agent shall notify the relevant Custodian that 
settlement of such redemption required by the relevant Authorised Participant requires the 
relevant amount of Crypto Asset Collateral to be transferred to the Crypto Broker(s) Wallet; 
and

--- Page 90 ---
Conditions
88
(7)
the Issuing Agent shall de-register and/or cancel (as applicable) the relevant Securities 
subject to such redemption and cancel the relevant Securities in the Issuer’s book of 
uncertificated securities (as applicable).
9.6
Cash Settlement in case Securities redeem in full
Where Securities of any Series are required to be redeemed by Cash Settlement (i) in full (and not in part), 
including in accordance with Conditions 9.1 (Optional redemption of Securities by the Issuer) and 9.2 
(Redemption of Securities by the Issuer due to certain early redemption events) and (ii) in part in 
accordance with Condition 16(B), such redemption shall be made as follows:
(A)
the Administration Agent shall notify the Crypto Execution Agent that settlement of such 
redemption requires all the Crypto Asset Collateral with respect to such Series to be sold;
(B)
the Crypto Execution Agent shall, during the course of 60 calendar days after having received the 
notification pursuant to (A) above, execute sale orders of all the Crypto Asset Collateral on behalf 
of the Issuer with the relevant Crypto Broker(s) and provide confirmation of such sale to the 
Administration Agent and the Principal Paying Agent and the Arranger; and
(C)
Upon the Crypto Execution Agent having confirmed the final sale of the Crypto Asset Collateral, 
the Administration Agent together with the Arranger shall calculate and publish by way of notice 
the Cash Redemption Amount per Security, if any, to be paid by the Issuer to Securityholders on 
the Redemption Date and in respect of the Series of Securities being redeemed.
On the Redemption Date, the Principal Paying Agent shall initiate the redemption process including the 
settlement of the Cash Redemption Amount, by way of the established SIX SIS AG final redemption 
procedure.
9.7
General Provisions related to redemption
(A)
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement and completion of the 
Redemption Order and Investor Redemption Order Form as set out in the Operating Manual (as 
updated from time to time) and Condition 9 (Redemption of Securities) shall be modified in respect 
of redemption to the extent of any such variation.
(B)
To request any redemption of Securities by way of Physical Settlement by a Securityholder who 
is not an Authorised Participant, such Securityholder must instruct the financial intermediary 
(being the relevant Clearing System or a broker acting as the intermediary to the Securityholder) 
maintaining the relevant securities account for such holder to deliver a Redemption Order to the 
Principal Paying Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer. All Redemption Orders received by the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer or the Administration Agent (as the case may be) shall be 
deemed to be valid, and may not be subsequently withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer.
(C)
Where Securities are redeemed by Cash Settlement, if there is a Disruption Event or Underlying 
Illiquidity on the relevant Redemption Date, then any such redemption shall be subject to 
Condition 11 (Market Disruption) and Condition 12 (Underlying Illiquidity).
(D)
Where Securities are required to be redeemed by Cash Settlement, each Securityholder of the 
Securities being redeemed acknowledges and agrees (i) that none of the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Administration Agent, the Crypto Execution Agent, any Paying Agent or the Trustee makes 
any representations or warranties as to the price at which the relevant amount of Crypto Asset 
Collateral may be sold or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of such Crypto 
Asset Collateral; and (ii) none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Administration Agent, the Crypto 
Execution Agent, any Paying Agent or the Trustee shall be liable for any failure by any purchaser 
of such Crypto Asset Collateral to effect or complete the purchase of such Crypto Asset Collateral, 
to deliver the applicable net proceeds of sale or other amount due or otherwise comply with its 
obligations entered into pursuant to Cash Settlement redemption, but in the event of any such 
failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming 
Securityholder of its claims in relation to such Crypto Asset Collateral in satisfaction of all claims 
of such Securityholder in respect of the Securities to be redeemed and the Securityholder shall

--- Page 91 ---
Conditions
89
have no further claims against the Issuer, the Administration Agent, the Arranger, the Crypto 
Execution Agent, any Paying Agent or the Trustee or the Secured Property.
(E)
With respect to Physical Settlement, from the relevant Redemption Date, all title to and risks in 
such Crypto Asset Collateral shall pass to the holder of the relevant Securities. None of the Issuer, 
the Corporate Services Administrator the Trustee, the Crypto Execution Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent or any Swiss Paying Agent or other paying agent shall be responsible or liable for 
any failure by the relevant Custodian to effect delivery of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral. 
However, in the event of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable, assign to the 
redeeming Securityholder its claims in respect of such Crypto Asset Collateral in satisfaction of 
all claims of such holder in respect of the Securities to be redeemed and the holder shall have no 
further claims against the Issuer.
(F)
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Securities being redeemed pursuant to Physical 
Settlement shall be satisfied by transferring the relevant Physical Redemption Amount to the 
Securityholder. 
(G)
The Securityholder in a Series of Securities is not entitled to any rights or claim to the Crypto 
Asset Collateral aside from those described in these Conditions. In case of Physical Settlement, 
Securityholders are not entitled to any Crypto Asset Collateral, but rather they have a right to 
receive the relevant amount of Crypto Asset Collateral equal to the Physical Redemption Amount 
to satisfy their claim under the Securities subject to redemption.
9.8
General Provisions related to Excess Crypto Asset Collateral
If there is any amount of Underlying comprising Crypto Asset Collateral for any Series of Securities that is 
in excess of (and therefore does not form part of) the aggregate Coin Entitlements of all the outstanding 
Securities for such Series that is retained by the Issuer as a result of:
(A)
reduction of Coin Entitlement due to the daily accrual of the Product Fee;
(B)
any rounding up to the next highest Delivery Precision Level of the Subscription Coin Amount of 
Underlying applicable in connection with subscriptions for new Securities; and
(C)
any rounding down to the next lowest Delivery Precision Level of:
(1)
the amount of Underlying deliverable by the Issuer to a holder of Securities in connection 
with any redemption of Securities by way of Physical Settlement; and
(2)
the amount of Underlying sold by the Issuer in connection with any redemption of 
Securities by way of Cash Settlement, 
(the amount of such excess amount of Underlying on any day that is retained but not yet sold by the Issuer 
as of such day, the “Excess Crypto Asset Collateral”),
the Issuer shall sell from time to time all or any part of the Excess Crypto Asset Collateral to fund the 
amounts payable to the Arranger in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the 
Operating Manual without the consent of the Trustee or any holder of Securities.
9.9
Early Redemption due to Securities held by a Prohibited Securityholder
(A)
The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to any 
Securityholder requiring that Securityholder to provide, no later than the date falling 10 Business 
Days after the date of the Issuer’s notice, an executed certificate (together with evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer, acting reasonably) confirming that:

--- Page 92 ---
Conditions
90
(1)
the Securityholder is not a Prohibited Securityholder; or
(2)
the number of Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Securityholder.
(B)
The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 9.9 
and received notice to the contrary from any Securityholder, to assume that none of the Securities 
are held by a Prohibited Securityholder.
(C)
The Issuer may redeem the relevant Securities early by way of Cash Settlement, but only if the 
Issuer is allowed to pay the relevant Cash Redemption Amount to the relevant Securityholder 
subject to any Applicable Law and subject to completion of the required validation and/or KYC 
Requirements checks, if: 
(1)
following delivery of such notice, that Securityholder (i) certified that it is a Prohibited 
Securityholder or (ii) failed to provide an executed certificate in the form and manner 
required by the Issuer; or
(2)
at any time the Issuer considers, in its sole discretion, that:
(a)
the relevant Securities are or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any 
person in breach of any law or requirement of any country or by virtue of which 
such person is not qualified to own those Securities; or 
(b)
the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those Securities 
(whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the 
Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause a 
pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders which it 
or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred and/or expose any 
Transaction Party to a risk of violation of any law or regulation.
9.10
Cash Settlement at the Option of a Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant
A Securityholder, which is not an Authorised Participant, may require the Issuer to redeem all (and not in 
part) of its holding of Securities by way of Cash Settlement in accordance with the procedure set out below 
but only if all the Investor Cash Settlement Conditions have been satisfied:
(A)
the relevant Securityholder must, together with the applicable Redemption Order, submit the 
necessary details for such Cash Settlement by completing an investor order request form that 
can be obtained from the Issuer (the “Investor Redemption Order Form”);
(B)
an Investor Redemption Fee shall be paid by the Securityholder to the Principal Paying Agent, in 
accordance with Condition 10 (Investor Redemption Fee);
(C)
the Redemption Order and Investor Redemption Order Form shall be verified by the Principal 
Paying Agent to ensure that they comply with the Conditions;
(D)
the Principal Paying Agent shall complete required validation and/or KYC Requirements checks 
with respect to the financial intermediary (being the relevant Clearing System or a broker acting 
as the intermediary to the Securityholder) who maintains the relevant securities account for such 
holder and who will deliver the Securities subject to the redemption back to the Issuing Agent;
(E)
upon the Principal Paying Agent having completed the checks pursuant to paragraphs (C) and 
(D) above and to its satisfaction and having confirmed the settlement of the Investor Redemption 
Fee (and confirming of the same to the Securityholder), the Principal Paying Agent shall provide 
further details to the Securityholder on the procedure to deliver the Securities subject to 
redemption to the Issuing Agent via the Securityholders financial intermediary (being the relevant 
Clearing System or a broker acting as the intermediary to the Securityholder);
(F)
the Principal Paying Agent will confirm the details of the Redemption Order to the Administration 
Agent, the Arranger and the Crypto Execution Agent;

--- Page 93 ---
Conditions
91
(G)
the Crypto Execution Agent shall execute a sale order of the relevant amount of Crypto Asset 
Collateral on behalf of the Issuer with the relevant Crypto Broker(s) in accordance with the 
Redemption Order and provide confirmation of such sale to the Administration Agent and the 
Principal Paying Agent;
(H)
upon receipt by the Issuer of the cash sale proceeds from the Crypto Broker(s) with respect to 
realised Crypto Asset Collateral, the Administration Agent shall notify the relevant Custodian that 
settlement of such redemption required by the relevant Securityholder requires the relevant 
amount of Crypto Asset Collateral to be transferred to the Crypto Broker(s) Wallet; 
(I)
The Principal Paying Agent shall pay the Cash Redemption Amount to the Securityholder on the 
Redemption Date; and
(J)
the Issuing Agent shall de-register and/or cancel (as applicable) the relevant Securities subject 
to such redemption and cancel the relevant Securities in the Issuer’s book of uncertificated 
securities (as applicable).
10.
Investor Redemption Fee
(A)
On a redemption of Securities at the request of a Securityholder who is not an Authorised 
Participant by way of Physical Settlement under Condition 9.4 (Physical Settlement at the Option 
of a Securityholder which is not an Authorised Participant), or by way of Cash Settlement under 
Condition 9.10 (Cash Settlement at the Option of a Securityholder which is not an Authorised 
Participant), it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation to redeem 
Securities that such Securityholder shall pay the Investor Redemption Fee to the Principal Paying 
Agent by way of an upfront payment.
(B)
The amount of Investor Redemption Fee and the payee account details will be notified to 
Securityholders by the Issuer on receipt of a request for redemption pursuant to paragraph (A) 
above and will be set out in the Investor Redemption Order Form which will be made available on 
the Issuer’s Website.
11.
Market Disruption
11.1
Disruption Event
For the purpose of this Condition 11.1 “Disruption Event” means:
(A)
in respect of an Underlying, that the price or value relevant for the Security (including as a result 
of the Price Source not being available) cannot be calculated or announced or published or 
otherwise is not being made available on a day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation of 
such Underlying, in particular the Final Fixing Date, as determined by the Issuer, in its duly 
exercised discretion; and/or
(B)
in respect of a Series of Securities, the relevant Custodian temporarily suspends the provision of 
its services (including the servicing of any redemption requests) including but not limited to 
circumstances during which the relevant Custodian determines whether it is able to support any 
Crypto Assets subject to a Hard Fork; and/or 
(C)
in respect to a Series of Securities, any of the Crypto Assets transferred to or held in the Collateral 
Account maintained by a Custodian in relation to the Issuer and such Series of Securities are or 
become Quarantined Crypto Assets; and/or
(D)
a delay in the settlement of the Securities as a result of any disruption or failures with (i) the 
relevant Clearing System, (ii) the relevant Custodian or Technical Account Bank, (iii) the 
blockchain network and/or (iv) any other medium preventing settlement finality.

--- Page 94 ---
Conditions
92
11.2
Rights on the occurrence of a Disruption Event
(A)
If the Issuer, in its duly exercised discretion determines that a Disruption Event has occurred and 
is continuing on a day relevant for (i) the fixing, observation or valuation of an Underlying, in 
particular the Final Fixing Date or (ii) redemption of Securities on the scheduled Redemption Date, 
then the respective day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation of such Underlying or the 
relevant scheduled Redemption Date shall be postponed until the next following Scheduled 
Valuation Day where there is no such Disruption Event.
(B)
On the occurrence of a Disruption Event, any request for subscriptions or redemption of Securities 
will not be accepted until the next following Scheduled Valuation Day where there is no such 
Disruption Event.
12.
Underlying Illiquidity
12.1
Underlying Illiquidity
For the purpose of this Condition 12, “Underlying Illiquidity” means, in respect of any Underlying:
(A)
low or no trading volume in the Underlying; and/or
(B)
the difficulty to buy and/or sell the Underlying in a short period of time without its price being 
affected; and/or
(C)
any protocol bug in underlying blockchain protocol resulting in an Underlying no longer being 
accessible or transferrable; and/or
(D)
the Issuer (or any agent on its behalf) not being able to sell the required amount of Crypto Asset 
Collateral in full prior to the relevant Redemption Date (including following delivery of the Early 
Redemption Notice); and/or
(E)
or any comparable event that leads to an extraordinary illiquidity in any Underlying,
as in each case determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion.
12.2
Rights upon Underlying Illiquidity
(A)
Postponed fixing and/or redemption.
In case of Underlying Illiquidity, the determination (fixing) and/or the payment and/or transfer of 
the relevant Redemption Amount shall be postponed accordingly (including postponement of the 
relevant Redemption Date) by such number of days necessary to account for such prevailing 
market conditions as determined by the Issuer.
(B)
Suspension of publishing of Value per Security.
In case of Underlying Illiquidity, the Issuer may suspend publishing Value per Security until the 
Underlying Illiquidity is no longer occurring.
13.
Adjustments for Securities
13.1
Adjustment Events
(A)
Subject to sub-paragraph (B) below, the Issuer may, acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
and in accordance with established market practice and without the consent of Securityholders, 
the Trustee or any other Transaction Party, determine whether or not, at any time, any of the 
following events have occurred with respect to an Underlying (each an “Adjustment Event”):

--- Page 95 ---
Conditions
93
(1)
a Hard Fork;
(2)
an Airdrop; or
(3)
an Equivalent Event.
(B)
None of the Issuer, Arranger, Custodian or other Transaction Party shall be under an obligation 
to monitor whether an Adjustment Event has occurred, nor to investigate whether a particular 
event or circumstances qualifies as an Adjustment Event. 
13.2
Hard Forks
(A)
If a Hard Fork has occurred with respect to an Underlying, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, may 
(but is under no obligation to) consider whether or not to take any actions in relation to the Hard 
Fork and whether or not to make any adjustments to the terms of the relevant Securities to 
account for such Hard Fork. If the Issuer determines to take such actions and/or make such 
adjustments, those actions and/or adjustments may be made without the consent of the Trustee 
or the Securityholders. 
(B)
Without limiting sub-paragraph (A) above, in the event of a Hard Fork affecting the Underlying 
applicable to any Series of Securities:
(1)
If the New Crypto Assets arising as a result of the Hard Fork are supported by the 
Custodian(s) relating to the relevant Series of Securities and the Custodian(s) continue to 
support the Original Crypto Assets:
(a)
The Issuer, in its sole discretion, may (but is under no obligation to) determine 
which of the Original Crypto Assets or the New Crypto Assets is to constitute the 
Underlying in relation to such Series of Securities (and the actions and adjustments 
to be made pursuant to Condition 13.2(A) above, if any, in connection with such 
determination). In these Conditions, the Crypto Assets determined by the Issuer to 
be the Underlying in respect of the applicable Series of Securities on or following a 
Hard Fork shall be referred to as the “Selected Forked Crypto Assets”, and the 
other Crypto Asset (being either the Original Crypto Assets or the New Crypto 
Assets, as the case may be) shall be referred to as the “Non-Selected Forked 
Crypto Assets”. 
(b)
The Issuer may resolve to instruct the Crypto Execution Agent to sell on behalf of 
the Issuer the Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets as soon as practicable upon the 
Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets becoming available to the Issuer by the 
relevant Custodian(s), and to apply the net proceeds of such sale (the “Non-
Selected Forked Crypto Assets Proceeds”) towards acquiring on behalf of the 
Issuer additional Crypto Assets of the same type as the Selected Forked Crypto 
Assets (such acquisition, the “Selected Forked Crypto Assets Purchase”), provided 
that the Crypto Execution Agent shall not sell such Non-Selected Forked Crypto 
Assets if the Selected Forked Crypto Assets Purchase cannot take place 
contemporaneously. Upon settlement of any such Selected Forked Crypto Assets 
Purchase, the newly acquired Crypto Assets shall become part of the Crypto Asset 
Collateral and the Issuer shall adjust the Coin Entitlement of the relevant Series of 
Securities accordingly; and

--- Page 96 ---
Conditions
94
(c)
If, after 60 calendar days of Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets becoming 
available to the Issuer by the relevant Custodian(s), the Non-Selected Forked 
Crypto Assets cannot be fully liquidated by Crypto Execution Agent on behalf of 
the Issuer (and the corresponding Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets Proceeds 
applied towards the Selected Forked Crypto Assets Purchase), then the portion of 
Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets that has not been liquidated will be added to 
the Crypto Asset Collateral for the relevant Series of Securities. The Issuer shall 
be under no obligation to adjust the Coin Entitlement of the relevant Series of 
Securities to account for the portion of Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets that 
has not been liquidated and may (but has no obligation to) surrender, discard or 
dispose of such remaining Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets;
(2)
If the New Crypto Assets resulting from the relevant Hard Fork are not supported by the 
Custodian(s) relating to the relevant Series of Securities (but the Original Crypto Assets 
continue to be), then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, determine that the Original 
Crypto Assets shall continue to be the Underlying in respect of such Series, and the Issuer 
will not obtain any such New Crypto Assets or realise any value from them, no such New 
Crypto Assets will form part of the Crypto Asset Collateral with respect to any Series, and 
no adjustments to the Coin Entitlement of the relevant Series of Securities shall be made 
as a result of the relevant Hard Fork; 
(3)
If the Original Crypto Assets relating to the relevant Series of Securities can no longer be 
supported by the relevant Custodian(s) as a result of a relevant Hard Fork (but the New 
Crypto Assets resulting from the relevant Hard Fork are so supported), then the Issuer 
may, in its sole discretion, determine that the New Crypto Assets shall be deemed to be 
the Underlying in relation to such Series of Securities (and take any actions and make any 
adjustments, pursuant to Condition 13.2(A), as it determines, in its sole discretion, to be 
necessary in connection therewith). In such circumstances the Issuer shall be under no 
obligation to realise any value from the Original Crypto Assets, no such Original Crypto 
Assets shall form part of the Crypto Asset Collateral with respect to any Series, and the 
Issuer shall be under no obligation to make adjustments to the Coin Entitlement of the 
relevant Series of Securities; and
(4)
If the New Crypto Assets resulting from the relevant Hard Fork are not supported by the 
relevant Custodian relating to the relevant Series of Securities and the Original Crypto 
Assets relating to the relevant Series of Securities can no longer be supported by a 
Custodian as a result of a relevant Hard Fork, then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, 
determine to (A) utilise the custodial services of another Custodian appointed for relevant 
Series of Securities for the purposes of holding such Original Crypto Assets and/or New 
Crypto Assets (and take any actions and make any adjustments, pursuant to Condition 
13.2(A), as it determines, in its sole discretion, to be necessary in connection therewith) 
or (B) redeem the relevant Series of Securities pursuant to Condition 9.1 (Optional 
redemption of Securities by the Issuer). 
13.3
Airdrop
(A)
Subject to paragraphs (B) and (D) below, if an Airdrop has occurred with respect to an Underlying 
and the new Crypto Assets relating to such Airdrop are supported by the relevant Custodian, any 
such new Crypto Assets will, when held by the relevant Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, form 
part of the Crypto Asset Collateral with respect to the relevant Series. 
(B)
No adjustments shall be made to the Coin Entitlement of the Series of Securities to which the 
Airdrop relates and Securityholders shall have no entitlement to the Crypto Assets received by 
the Issuer as a result of the Airdrop, nor the value represented by such Crypto Assets save 
paragraph (C) applies:
(C)
If:

--- Page 97 ---
Conditions
95
(1)
the Issuer is holding any new Crypto Assets as a result of an Airdrop;
(2)
all Securities in the relevant Series are being redeemed in full (and not in part); and
(3)
the Crypto Execution Agent has agreed, and is able, to sell such new Crypto Assets on 
behalf of the Issuer for an amount which is economically reasonable in the relevant 
circumstances, in the determination of the Crypto Execution Agent,
the Issuer shall pay to the holders of Securities the pro-rata amount of such net sale proceeds.
(D)
If an Airdrop occurs and the relevant Custodian or Crypto Execution Agent does not support the 
holding or trading (as applicable) of the new Crypto Assets relating to the Airdrop, the Issuer will 
not be required to hold any such new Crypto Assets nor realise any value from them, and any 
such additional Crypto Assets will not form part of the Crypto Asset Collateral with respect to any 
Series of Securities.
(E)
Neither the Issuer nor the Custodian(s) shall be required to actively engage or participate in any 
Airdrop, including taking any steps to secure receipt of any Crypto Assets relating to an Airdrop.
13.4
Equivalent Event
If an Equivalent Event occurs, the provisions in this Condition 13 that apply following the Adjustment Event 
that is equivalent to the Equivalent Event shall apply mutatis mutandis and the Issuer (or the Arranger at 
the direction of the Issuer) may take any action(s) that would be permitted had such an Adjustment Event 
occurred. 
13.5
Notices of Adjustment
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) of any change 
to the terms and conditions of the Securities made in accordance with this Condition 13. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the consent of the Securityholders, the Trustee or any other Transaction Party shall not be 
required to make any of the changes to the Securities set out in this Condition 13.
14.
Staking
The Issuer shall procure that no Underlying in respect of any Series of Securities is staked.
15.
Tax
Each Securityholder shall assume and be responsible for any and all Taxes imposed on or levied against 
(or which could be imposed on or levied against) such Securityholder in any jurisdiction or by any 
governmental or regulatory authority.
All payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities, including but not limited to payment or deliveries of 
any Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Redemption Amount, shall be made subject to any Tax 
Deduction that the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee or any Agent is required to make, by any Applicable 
Law. In that event, the Issuer or such Agent shall make such payment after such Tax Deduction has been 
made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) of Tax so withheld or deducted. None 
of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee nor any Agent will be liable for, or otherwise obliged to make any 
additional payments to Securityholders in respect of, or in compensation for, any such Tax Deduction.
16.
Consolidation and Division and Trading of Securities
(A)
If the Minimum Trading Lot with respect to Series of Securities is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the minimum order for subscription or redemption of Securities of such Series shall 
be with respect to a number of Securities that is equal to or higher than the Minimum Trading Lot 
applicable for such Series. The Issuer may separately agree with Authorised Participants a higher 
number of Securities that are subject to subscription or redemption or the minimum Redemption 
Amount with respect to Securities subject to early redemption.

--- Page 98 ---
Conditions
96
(B)
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Trustee and the Securityholders, consolidate or divide 
all of the Securities of any Series into Securities of the same Series but with a proportionately 
larger or smaller Coin Entitlement. Such consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or 
instrument supplemental to the Trust Deed.
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Securities a Securityholder would become entitled to a 
fraction of a Security the Issuer will redeem such fraction of a Security. In such circumstances the 
provisions of Condition 9.2(A)(3) (Redemption of Securities by the Issuer due to certain early 
redemption events) shall apply, provided that amounts less than USD5.00 or its equivalent 
otherwise payable to any particular Securityholder may be retained for the benefit of the Issuer.
17.
Agents and Arranger
17.1
Arranger
(A)
The Arranger does not act as agent for the Securityholders and does not assume any obligation 
or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders.
(B)
The Arranger shall apply relevant proceeds of sale of Excess Crypto Asset Collateral, on behalf 
of the Issuer, to meet costs and expenses of the Issuer, including fees or other costs in connection 
with the services provided to the Issuer by the Transaction Parties (and invoiced to the Issuer, 
marked as payable by the Arranger on behalf of the Issuer, as a third party payer) and the fees 
of the Arranger, in each case other than where such costs and expenses have already been 
deducted from the Crypto Asset Collateral (or from the proceeds of sale of such Crypto Asset 
Collateral) by the Custodian(s) and/or the Crypto Execution Agent (as applicable) in accordance 
with the relevant Custody Agreement or the Master Crypto Execution Services Terms. Where 
relevant proceeds of sale of Excess Crypto Asset Collateral is insufficient to meet such costs and 
expenses of the Issuer, the Arranger shall pay and discharge such fees and expenses on behalf 
of the Issuer out of the Arranger’s own funds.
(C)
All calculations and determinations made by the Arranger shall (save in the case of manifest error 
or wilful misconduct) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents and the 
Securityholders.
(D)
For the purposes of making any calculations, adjustments and determinations made by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer may consult the Arranger and may rely on its 
recommendations, calculations and determinations. 
(E)
The Arranger may consult the Crypto Development Advisor for the purposes of providing any 
recommendations, calculations and determinations in relation to the Underlying to the Issuer and 
may rely on its recommendations, calculations and determinations.
(F)
The Arranger may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to 
a third party as it deems appropriate provided that such delegation shall not cause the Issuer to 
become subject to any Tax which it would not otherwise have become subject to, either directly 
or indirectly, and shall not cause any Tax Deduction to be required to be made from any payment 
or delivery under or in connection with the Securities.
(G)
The Issuer may vary or terminate the appointment of the Arranger in certain circumstances. It 
shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) of any 
modification in the appointment of the Arranger.
17.2
Issuing Agent and Paying Agents
(A)
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the order/mandate of the Issuing 
Agent and the Principal Paying Agent and to appoint another issuing agent and/or paying agent 
provided that (i) if Securities are outstanding, it will maintain a paying agent and issuing agent, 
and (ii) as long as the Securities are listed on SIX, it will maintain a Swiss Paying Agent for listing 
purposes only. The Swiss Paying Agent will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 99 ---
Conditions
97
(B)
Each of the Principal Paying Agent and Issuing Agent and any other paying agent or issuing agent 
appointed in respect of a particular Series of Securities is acting solely as agent of the Issuer and 
does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the 
Securityholders.
(C)
Any determinations and calculations by the Paying Agents shall (save in the case of manifest 
error or wilful misconduct) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders.
(D)
The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing Agent and Paying 
Agents. It shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) of 
any modification in the appointment of the Issuing Agent and Paying Agents. Notice of any such 
termination of appointment or new appointment and of any change in the specified office of a 
paying agent will be given to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices).
17.3
Administration Agent
(A)
The Administration Agent will be specified in the Final Terms and shall be appointed in 
accordance with the relevant Series Agency Agreement.
(B)
The Administration Agent does not act as agent for the Securityholders and does not assume any 
obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders.
(C)
All calculations and determinations made by the Administration Agent shall (save in the case of 
manifest error or wilful misconduct) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Securityholders. The Administration Agent shall perform the calculation of relevant fees and 
deductions applicable with respect to a Series of Securities (including the Cash Redemption 
Amount, Physical Redemption Amount and Product Fees). 
(D)
The Administration Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party, as it deems appropriate provided that (1) such third party is resident for 
Tax purposes only in Ireland and performs and will perform the services of the Administration 
Agent only through business establishments and staff located in Ireland; and (2) such delegation 
shall not cause the Issuer to become subject to any Tax which it would not otherwise have become 
subject to, either directly or indirectly, and shall not cause any Tax Deduction to be required to be 
made from any payment or delivery under or in connection with the Securities.
(E)
The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Administration Agent. It shall 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) of any modification 
in the appointment of the Administration Agent. 
(F)
The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Administration Agent.
(G)
If the Administration Agent is insolvent, resigns, terminates its appointment or breaches any of its 
obligations under the relevant Series Agency Agreement and the Issuer has not appointed an 
alternative Administration Agent (the “Administration Agent Default”), it will not be an Event of 
Default with respect to the Securities and:
(1)
the Issuer may, upon request from the Arranger, appoint a third party (including but not 
limited to the Crypto Execution Agent) to perform certain functions of the Administration 
Agent; and/or
(2)
the Arranger may publish Value per Security and Coin Entitlement on Issuer’s Website; 
and/or
(3)
the Issuer may, upon request from the Arranger, appoint a third party to perform any other 
duties of the Administration Agent,
in each case until an alternative Administration Agent has been appointed, unless the Issuer, in 
its sole discretion, has determined that it is impracticable for the Securities to be maintained in 
view of the Administration Agent Default. Upon such determination that it is impracticable for the

--- Page 100 ---
Conditions
98
Securities to be maintained, the Issuer may redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 
9.1.
17.4
Trustee
(A)
By investing in the Securities, each Securityholder is deemed to agree and acknowledge that the 
Trustee is appointed to act on behalf of the Securityholders as set out in, and in accordance with, 
the terms and conditions set out in the Trust Deed and the Security Documents.
(B)
The Trustee may, in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed, delegate any of its 
obligations and functions to a third party, as it deems appropriate.
(C)
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from 
responsibility in certain circumstances and to be paid or reimbursed any liabilities incurred by it in 
priority to the claims of the Securityholders (save in relation to any responsibility arising out of or 
liabilities incurred as a result of its own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence).
(D)
The Trustee will not be responsible for any loss, expense or liability which may be suffered as a 
result of any assets comprised in the Transaction Security or any documents of title thereto being 
uninsured or inadequately insured. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the 
compliance of any of the other parties to the Transaction Documents with their obligations under 
the Transaction Documents.
(E)
The Trustee shall not be required or obliged to take any action, step or proceeding whether in 
relation to the enforcement of the Transaction Security or otherwise without first being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
(F)
The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for monitoring or ascertaining whether or not an 
Event of Default, a Potential Event of Default, an Adjustment Event, a Disruption Event, a 
Minimum Value Event, an Extraordinary Event or an early redemption event has occurred or 
exists. Unless and until it has received written notice to the contrary, the Trustee shall be entitled 
to assume (without any liability to any person) that no Event of Default, Potential Event of Default, 
Adjustment Event, a Disruption Event, an Extraordinary Event or an early redemption event has 
occurred or exists.
(G)
The Trustee is exempt from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the 
assets comprised in the Transaction Security (or any of them).
17.5
Crypto Execution Agent
(A)
The Crypto Execution Agent will be specified in the Final Terms and shall be appointed by the 
Issuer. The rights and obligations of the Crypto Execution Agent are set out in the Master Crypto 
Execution Services Terms and include, but not limited to arranging sales and purchases of Crypto 
Asset Collateral on behalf of the Issuer on a periodic basis for the purposes of the Issuer (i) 
funding any product fees payable by the Issuer to the Arranger or any third party (ii) redeeming 
existing Securities and (iii) issuing new Securities in each case in accordance with the Master 
Crypto Execution Services Terms and the Operating Manual.
(B)
The Crypto Execution Agent does not act as agent for the Securityholders and does not assume 
any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders.
(C)
All executions, recommendations and determinations made by the Crypto Execution Agent shall 
(save in the case of manifest error or wilful misconduct) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents and the Securityholders.
(D)
The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Crypto Execution Agent in 
accordance with the Master Crypto Execution Services Terms. It shall give notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) of any modification in the appointment 
of the Crypto Execution Agent.

--- Page 101 ---
Conditions
99
(E)
If at any time a Crypto Execution Agent has not been appointed with respect to a Series of 
Securities, redemption of such Securities by way of Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 9 shall 
be suspended until an alternative Crypto Execution Agent has been appointed. The rights of the 
Issuer, an Authorised Participant and/or a Securityholder to redeem Securities by way of Physical 
Settlement shall not be prejudiced by operation of this Condition 17.5(E).
17.6
Crypto Development Advisor
The Crypto Development Advisor will be specified in the Final Terms and shall be appointed by the 
Arranger. The rights and obligations of the Crypto Development Advisor shall be set out in the Crypto 
Development Services Agreement and may include, but will not be limited to:
(A)
monitoring developments relating to the Underlying in order to identify any events or 
circumstances which may have an impact on the Underlying (including any potential or 
forthcoming Hard Forks and similar events) and providing advice on the potential consequences 
and actions that may be taken by the Issuer in relation to the Underlying in respect of such 
developments;
(B)
providing initial and ongoing screening and due diligence with respect to the Underlying; 
(C)
liaising with the relevant Custodian(s) to create and maintain the relevant Collateral Accounts for 
the Issuer (including assisting with maintaining user access rights to relevant third parties) and 
ensuring third-party Wallet addresses are whitelisted; 
(D)
providing written guidance to the Administration Agent with respect to the periodic rebalancing of 
the Crypto Asset Collateral held by the Issuer between Collateral Accounts of different 
Custodian(s) or between different Collateral Accounts of the Issuer at the same Custodian; and
(E)
providing other support in connection with the Programme and the Underlying under the terms of 
the Crypto Development Services Agreement.
The Crypto Development Advisor does not act as agent for the Securityholders and does not assume any 
obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders.
The Arranger may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Crypto Development Advisor in 
accordance with the Crypto Development Services Agreement. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) of any modification in the appointment of the 
Crypto Development Advisor.
17.7
Liability
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Trust Deed, none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Agents or 
Trustee shall have any responsibility to the extent permitted by law for any errors or omissions in the 
calculation of any amount or with respect to any other determination or decisions required to be made by 
it under these Conditions or with respect to any Securities, irrespective of whether any such person acts 
in the interest of the Issuer or the Securityholder.
18.
Removal, Retirement and Replacement of Trustee
18.1
Trustee retirement
The Trustee may retire at any time, without assigning any reason therefor and without being responsible 
for any costs incurred by reason of such retirement, upon giving not less than three months’ prior written 
notice to the Issuer.
18.2
Trustee removal
The Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution appoint or remove any trustee or trustees in respect 
of the Securities for the time being.

--- Page 102 ---
Conditions
100
18.3
Appointment of new Trustee
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new trustee as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the Trustee gives notice of its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary Resolution. The 
retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a successor trustee is appointed.
18.4
Trustee power to appoint new Trustee
If the Trustee gives notice of retirement or any Extraordinary Resolution is passed for its removal, the 
Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that a new trustee is appointed, but if it fails to do so 
before the expiry of the months’ notice period, the Trustee shall have the power to appoint a new trustee.
19.
Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution
19.1
Meetings of Securityholders
(A)
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Securityholders (including by 
means other than physical meetings) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of the Conditions, any provisions 
of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document and giving authority, direction or sanction 
required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall 
be binding on Securityholders, whether or not they were present at or participated in the meeting 
at which such resolution was passed.
(B)
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Securityholders of the relevant Series of Securities or agents present in person holding or 
representing more than 50 per cent. in number of the Securities of such Series for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more Securityholders of the relevant Series of 
Securities or agents present in person being or representing Securityholders of such Series 
whatever the number of the Securities held or represented.
(C)
The holder of Securities in global form representing all of the Securities of such Series for the 
time being outstanding will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of such quorum 
requirements.
19.2
Modification and Waiver
(A)
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to:
(1)
any modification of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents that is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error;
(2)
any Issuer Technical Amendment effected in accordance with Condition 19.3;
(3)
any other modification and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any Transaction 
Document that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Securityholders,
provided that, in each case, the Trustee shall not do so in contravention of an express direction 
given by an Extraordinary Resolution.
(B)
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver as is made or given under this Condition 19.2 shall 
be binding on each Series of Securityholders and shall be notified to each Series of 
Securityholders as soon as is reasonably practicable.

--- Page 103 ---
Conditions
101
19.3
Issuer Technical Amendments and change of Programme name
(A)
Subject to Condition 19.3(B) and (D), the Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, 
make any Issuer Technical Amendment provided that the Issuer has certified in writing to the 
Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or 
verify or form its own opinion) that such amendment, in the opinion of the Issuer:
(1)
is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders;
(2)
has been drafted solely for the purposes set out in paragraphs (A)-(D) of the definition of 
“Issuer Technical Amendment”; and
(3)
does not result in a negative impact to the Coin Entitlement or Redemption Amount;,
(such certificate, an “Issuer Technical Amendment Certificate”).
(B)
Subject to provision of an Issuer Technical Amendment Certificate, the Trustee shall be bound to 
concur with any such Issuer Technical Amendment, provided that the Trustee shall not be bound 
to concur with any Issuer Technical Amendment that would, in the opinion of the Trustee, impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its rights, powers or 
protections.
(C)
Any Issuer Technical Amendment made in accordance with this Condition 19.3 shall be notified 
to Securityholders and shall be binding on Securityholders, provided that such Issuer Technical 
Amendment shall not take effect until at least five calendar days after the date of such notice.
(D)
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders and the Trustee change the name of 
the Programme (including the name of the Programme as it appears in the Base Prospectus, 
Final Terms and any other Transaction Documents). The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Securityholders and the relevant Exchanges (as applicable) promptly following any such change.
(E)
This Condition 19.3 shall be without prejudice to Condition 13 (Adjustments for Securities). For 
the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment or termination pursuant to those conditions shall be 
precluded on the basis that the relevant event or circumstances may also permit the Issuer to 
make an Issuer Technical Amendment.
19.4
Issuer substitution
(A)
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree without the consent of the 
Securityholders to the substitution of any company in the place of the Issuer, or of any previous 
substitute, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the other Transaction Documents and the 
Securities (such company being the “Substituted Issuer”) if the following conditions are met:
(1)
the Issuer certifies to the Trustee (on which certification the Trustee may rely without 
investigation or verification) that it has been advised that (i) an instrument or deed is 
executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Issuer to the Trustee, in form and 
manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, any Security 
Document and the Securities (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Issuer had been named in the Trust Deed, any 
Security Document and the Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer. The 
Issuer must also certify that its advice confirms that the substitution will not trigger any 
requirement to make any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax;
(2)
the Substituted Issuer assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the 
Secured Property, acknowledges the Transaction Security created in respect thereof 
pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Security Document and takes all such action as the 
Trustee may require so that the Transaction Security and the Secured Property constitutes 
a valid mortgage, charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other security interest as was 
originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Issuer;

--- Page 104 ---
Conditions
102
(3)
a director of the Substituted Issuer certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution (in which case the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Issuer’s 
financial condition, profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer);
(4)
the Trustee is satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (i) all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in connection with 
the assumption by the Substituted Issuer of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and 
of its obligations under, the Securities and any Transaction Document (to the extent 
relating to the Securities) have been obtained and (ii) such approvals and consents are at 
the time of substitution in full force and effect;
(5)
the Issuer and the Substituted Issuer will execute and the Issuer shall procure that any 
Transaction Party will execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) as 
the Trustee may require in order that such substitution is fully effective;
(6)
the Issuer and the Substituted Issuer comply with such other requirements as the Trustee 
may direct in the interests of the Securityholders; and
(7)
legal opinions satisfactory to the Trustee are provided concerning any proposed 
substitution.
(B)
In connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the Securityholders, agree to a change of the law from time to time governing the Securities, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Transaction Documents.
(C)
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 19.4 and the Trust Deed will, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the 
Trust Deed, the Securities and the other Transaction Documents. The Substituted Issuer shall 
give notice of the substitution to the Securityholders within 14 calendar days of the execution of 
such documents and compliance with such requirements.
(D)
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 19.4 and the Trust Deed, the Substituted 
Issuer shall be deemed to be named in the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the other Transaction 
Documents (to the extent relating to the Securities) and the Securities as the principal debtor in 
place of the Issuer (or any previous substitute) and the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the other 
Transaction Documents (to the extent relating to the Securities) and the Securities shall be 
deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to such substitution.
19.5
Regard to interests of Securityholders as a whole
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions under the 
relevant Transaction Documents, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a 
whole and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for any individual Securityholder, 
and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise upon any 
individual Securityholder.
20.
Purchase by the Issuer
The Issuer may at any time purchase Securities of any issue at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Securities may, at the option of the Issuer, and/or, as the case may be, the relevant affiliate, be held, 
resold or cancelled or otherwise dealt with.
21.
Notices
Notices to Securityholders holding Securities listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be published in 
accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange, as in force, on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
website https://www.ser-ag.com/en/resources/notifications-market-participants/official-notices.html#/, on 
the Issuer’s Website or, in any other form as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange.

--- Page 105 ---
Conditions
103
Notices to Securityholders holding Securities listed on a securities exchange or trading venue other than 
the SIX Swiss Exchange will be published in accordance with the regulations of the relevant securities 
exchange or trading venue.
Notices to Securityholders of non-listed Securities may be published, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in newspapers, on a website or otherwise.
22.
Liability for losses
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent, the Crypto Development Advisor or any other obligor under 
any Securities shall be liable for fraud, theft, cyber-attacks and/or any analogous or similar event (each, 
an “Extraordinary Event”). Accordingly, upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event with respect to, or 
affecting any, Underlying, including any Underlying that comprises Crypto Asset Collateral, the Issuer shall 
give notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) and to the Trustee. The 
corresponding amount of the Crypto Asset Collateral and the Coin Entitlement may be adjusted to 
compensate for the losses and/or the Cash Redemption Amount or the Physical Redemption Amount (as 
relevant) for such Securities shall be reduced to account for such Extraordinary Event and may be as low 
as zero, as calculated by the Issuer.
In no event shall the Issuer or the Trustee have any liability for indirect, incidental, consequential or other 
damages (even if it was advised of the possibility of such damages) other than (in the case of the Issuer 
only) interest until the date of payment on sums not paid when due in respect of any Securities. 
Securityholders are entitled to damages only and are not entitled to the remedy of specific performance in 
respect of a Series of Securities.
23.
Events of Default
23.1
Event of Default
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs in respect of the Series of Securities, the 
Trustee at its discretion may, and if directed in writing by holders of at least 25 per cent. in number of such 
Series of Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (a copy of which has been provided 
to the Trustee) shall, (provided that in each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer and each Transaction Party that the 
Securities shall become immediately due and payable at their Cash Redemption Amount in accordance 
with the Conditions (such notice an “Event of Default Redemption Notice”):
(A)
the Issuer defaults in payment of any sum or delivery due in respect of any Security of such Series 
for a period of 14 calendar days or more; or
(B)
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its material obligations under the 
Conditions or the Trust Deed or any Security Document (other than such obligations as may, with 
the passage of time, constitute an event under paragraph (A) above), which default is in the 
opinion of the Trustee incapable of remedy, or is not (in the opinion of the Trustee) remedied 
within 30 calendar days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer; or
(C)
the Issuing Agent and/or the Principal Paying Agent is insolvent, resigns, terminates its 
appointment or materially breaches its obligations under the relevant Series Agency Agreement 
and the Issuer is not able to appoint an alternative Issuing Agent and/or the Principal Paying 
Agent (as applicable) for such Series within 90 days from the date of such event (the “IPA 
Default”); or
(D)
the Arranger is insolvent, resigns, terminates its appointment or materially breaches its obligations 
under the Arrangement Agreement and the Issuer is not able to appoint an alternative Arranger 
within 90 days from the date of such event (the “Arranger Default”); or
(E)
any Custodian with respect to the relevant Custody Agreement is insolvent, resigns, its 
appointment is terminated or materially breaches its obligations under the relevant Custody 
Agreement and the Issuer is not able to appoint an alternative Custodian for such Series and 
transfer all the Crypto Asset Collateral held with such Custodian for such Series to such 
alternative Custodian within 90 days from the date of such event (the “Custodian Default”); or

--- Page 106 ---
Conditions
104
(F)
an Insolvency Event occurs.
Such redemption shall be effected by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 24 (Application of Proceeds) 
and otherwise in accordance with Condition 8 (Coin Entitlement).
23.2
Event of Default Redemption Notice
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption Notice, 
give notice thereof to the Securityholders.
24.
Application of Proceeds
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply any amounts received or recovered under 
the Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property (whether by way of 
liquidation or enforcement and after taking into account and providing for or paying Taxes incurred or 
payable in respect of such realisation) as follows:
(A)
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other 
amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Trustee, any 
Irish Receiver or any receiver(s) under or pursuant to the Trust Deed or any Security Document, 
including, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any Tax in 
respect of the Trustee’s income, profits or gains), the costs of enforcing the Transaction Security 
and/or realising all or some of the Secured Property and the Trustee’s remuneration;
(B)
second, pro rata and pari passu, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, 
liabilities, losses and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the 
Securities to, the Custodian(s) under or pursuant to the relevant Custody Agreements;
(C)
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other 
amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Technical 
Account Bank, the Issuing Agent and Paying Agents under the relevant Series Agency 
Agreement;
(D)
fourthly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and 
other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the 
Administration Agent under the relevant Series Agency Agreement;
(E)
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other 
amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Crypto 
Execution Agent under the relevant Series Agency Agreement;
(F)
sixthly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other 
amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Arranger under 
the Arranger Agreement incurred with respect to the relevant Series of Securities;
(G)
seventhly, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards payment or delivery of the Redemption Amount 
to Securityholders; and
(H)
eighthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself or as it may direct.
25.
Prescription
Claims for payment of a Cash Redemption Amount or delivery of Physical Redemption Amount with 
respect to a Series of Securities shall be prescribed and become void, unless made within ten (10) years 
from the relevant due redemption date.

--- Page 107 ---
Conditions
105
26.
FATCA and similar information
(A)
Each Securityholder and beneficial owner of Securities shall provide the Issuer and/or any agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or the Trustee with such documentation, information or waiver 
as may be requested by the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or the 
Trustee in order for the Issuer, the Trustee or any such agent to comply with any obligations any 
such party may have in connection with the Securities under:
(1)
FATCA and under any agreement entered into by the Issuer and/or any agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer pursuant to, or in respect of, FATCA; and
(2)
any other information reporting or exchange arrangements (including, without limitation, 
any legislation implementing EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU on the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information, which implements the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development measures known as the ‘Common Reporting Standard’). 
(B)
Each Securityholder and beneficial owner of the Securities further agrees and consents that, in 
respect of FATCA, the Issuer may, but is not obliged and owes no duty to any person to, comply 
with the terms of any intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America and 
another jurisdiction with respect to FATCA or any legislation implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement or enter into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
in such form as may be required to avoid the imposition of any deduction or withholding pursuant 
to FATCA on payments made to the Issuer. In connection therewith, the Issuer may make such 
amendments to the Securities as are necessary to enable the Issuer to enter into, or comply with 
the terms of, any such agreement or legislation. The Trustee shall be bound to concur in any such 
amendments provided that doing so would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its rights, powers or 
protections. Any such amendment will be binding on the Securityholders.
27.
Payments
(A)
All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Securities, including any Cash Redemption Amount 
shall be paid (unless otherwise agreed with any particular Securityholder) in the Settlement 
Currency in full cleared and immediately available funds and in accordance with the following 
provisions:
(1)
cash payments in respect of Uncertificated Securities will be made through SIS or another 
relevant Clearing System through which such Uncertificated Securities are settled; and
(2)
cash payments in respect of Registered Securities will be made to the bank account 
specified by the Securityholder or, where no bank account or other settlement details have 
been provided by a Securityholder, or in other circumstances as provided in the Trust 
Deed, will be made by cheque or warrant and despatched by post at the risk of the 
Securityholder.
(B)
Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not an Business Day, 
such payment shall be due and payable by the Issuer on the next following Business Day.
28.
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition
28.1
Limited Recourse
(A)
The recourse of the Securityholders against the Issuer with respect to a Series of Securities is 
limited to the Secured Property, subject to the Transaction Security with respect to such Series 
of Security, and Securityholders shall not have recourse to any other assets of the Issuer.
(B)
If the amounts realised from the Secured Property with respect to a Series of Securities are not 
sufficient to discharge the Secured Obligations with respect to such Series of Securities in full, 
then no other assets of the Issuer shall be available to meet any resulting shortfall which shall be

--- Page 108 ---
Conditions
106
borne by the relevant person(s) in accordance with the order of priority set out in Condition 24 
(Application of Proceeds).
(C)
Following realisation of the Secured Property and application of the proceeds in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Trust Deed, any outstanding claim, debt or other liability of the Issuer that 
remains shall be extinguished in full and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.
(D)
Failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of any shortfall described in this Condition 28 
shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default.
28.2
Non-Petition
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may:
(A)
bring, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining any administration, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, winding-up, re-organisation, arrangement or other similar 
actions in relation to the Issuer; or
(B)
join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining any action or proceeding described in 
sub-paragraph (A) above; or
(C)
take any steps to recover any debts or amounts extinguished as described in Condition 28.1 
(Limited Recourse) from the Issuer and/or any shareholder, member, agent or director of the 
Issuer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall be entitled to exercise its rights pursuant to the Trust 
Deed.
28.3
Corporate obligation
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them shall 
have any recourse against any director, shareholder or officer of the Issuer in respect of any obligations, 
covenant or agreement entered into or made by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Conditions, the 
Trust Deed or any other Transaction Documents.
28.4
Survival
The provisions of this Condition 28 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Securities or the 
termination or expiration of any Transaction Document.
29.
Further Tranches and Series and consolidation
29.1
Further Tranches and Series
(A)
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and each Authorised Participant Agreement 
relating to the Securities, create and issue further Tranches of Securities so that such further 
Tranche shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Securities of the 
Series upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further 
obligations relating to such Series of Securities.
(B)
Any such further Securities shall only form a single Series with the Securities (unless otherwise 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution) if the Issuer provides additional assets (as security 
for such further Securities) which are fungible with, and have the same proportionate composition 
as, those forming part of the Secured Property for such Series of Securities and in the same 
proportion as the proportion that the number of such new Securities bears to the existing number 
of Securities of such Series.

--- Page 109 ---
Conditions
107
(C)
The Issuer may, at any time in its sole discretion, suspend the right to request subscriptions of 
any further Tranches of any Series of Securities.
29.2
Consolidation and division of Tranches and Series
(A)
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Securities into Securities of the same Series but 
with proportionately larger or smaller number of Securities with corresponding adjustment to the 
Coin Entitlement.
(B)
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Securities a Securityholder would become entitled to a 
fraction of a Security, the Issuer will redeem such fractional Security.
30.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Securities under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if any) that the Securities expressly provide 
for such Act to apply to any of their terms.
31.
Governing law and jurisdiction
31.1
Governing law
(A)
The Trust Deed and the Securities other than the Irish Law Provisions, unless otherwise specified 
therein, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
(B)
The Irish Law Provisions, unless otherwise specified therein, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Irish law.
31.2
Jurisdiction
(A)
Subject to paragraph (B) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Securities and exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any Securities and accordingly 
any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and any 
Securities (“English Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has irrevocably 
submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts in respect of English Proceedings.
(B)
Notwithstanding paragraph (A), regarding any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with 
the Irish Law Provisions in the Trust Deed (an “Irish Dispute”), the Trustee may elect to bring any 
legal action or proceedings to settle the Irish Dispute (the “Irish Proceedings”) in the courts of 
Ireland and such courts are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction (to which the Issuer irrevocably 
submits) in respect of the Irish Proceedings. This submission is for the benefit of the Trustee and 
shall not limit the right of the Trustee to take Irish Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Irish Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Irish Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
31.3
Service of process
The Issuer has appointed DWS Investments UK Limited at 21 Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United 
Kingdom as agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any English 
Proceedings in England.
The Issuer has appointed Goodbody Secretarial Limited, International Financial Services Centre, North 
Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland as agent in Ireland to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in 
any Irish Proceedings in Ireland.

--- Page 110 ---
Form of Final Terms
108
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the UK thereafter (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as 
amended or supplemented in the UK thereafter (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[UK MiFIR II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 and as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate] / [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Securities to retail clients are appropriate [specify]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 111 ---
Form of Final Terms
109
FINAL TERMS DATED [●]
Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG
(incorporated in Switzerland)
LEI: 529900WIXTJRV6RK4G26
Issue of [number of newly issued securities] being the Tranche no. [tranche number] of Series [series 
number] up to [series limit number] [description of securities] issued under Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC 
AG Exchange Traded Products Programme (the “Securities”)
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein.
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that 
any offer of Securities in any Member State of the EEA which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, 
a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as 
implemented in that Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the 
Securities. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of the 
Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Authorised Participant 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised 
Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of the Securities in any other 
circumstances.]1
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that, 
except as provided in sub-paragraph (B) below, any offer of Securities in any Member State of the EEA which has 
implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Relevant Member state, from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus for offers of the Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the 
Securities may only do so: 
(A)
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or
(B)
in those Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in the following paragraph, provided such person is 
one of the persons mentioned in the following paragraph and that such offer is made during the Offer 
Period specified for such purpose therein.
An offer of the Securities may be made by the Issuer or by the Authorised Offerors specified in Part B of these Final 
Terms other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [Sweden, Luxembourg, France, Germany, 
Portugal, Finland, The Netherlands and Spain] (“Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions”) [and Switzerland] during the 
period from the Issue Date of the Securities until the later of (i) the date of expiry of the Base Prospectus and (ii) 
the expiry of the validity of a new base prospectus succeeding the Base Prospectus (the “Offer Period”).
Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Securities in any other circumstances.]2
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Securities (the 
“Conditions”) issued by Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG (the “Issuer”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] 
[, as supplemented by the Supplements thereto dated [date]] (the “Base Prospectus”), which together constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8(5) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (and any supplement thereto). 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) and the 
1 Include this legend for an exempt offer of Securities.
2 Include this legend for a Non-Exempt Offer.

--- Page 112 ---
Form of Final Terms
110
Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and on the website of the Issuer 
www.etf.dws.com.
[The Base Prospectus, together with the Final Terms, has been deposited with the prospectus office of the SIX 
Exchange Regulation and constitutes the prospectus with respect to the Securities described herein for the 
purposes of the Swiss Financial Services Act.] [In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of SIX, the Issuer 
has appointed Homburger AG, located at Prime Tower, Hardstrasse 201, 8005 Zurich, Switzerland, as recognised 
representative to file the listing application with SIX.]
Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Securities:
[●]
Tranche Subscription Trade 
Date:
[●] 
Tranche Issue Date3:
[●]
Series:
[●]
Tranche:
[●]
Maximum Number of Securities 
that can be issued under this 
Series of Securities:
[●]
Form of Securities:
[Registered] [Uncertificated]
Base Currency:
[●]
Date on which Securities 
become fungible:
The Securities shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 
existing Tranches (if any) on the Tranche Issue Date.
Aggregate Number of 
Securities of Series:
(i)
of Series immediately prior to 
Tranche Issue Date:
[●] 
(ii)
immediately following the 
Tranche Issue Date:
[●] 
(iii)
comprising 
the 
relevant 
Tranche of this Series of 
Securities:
[●] 
Issue Price per Security:
[●] / 
[With respect to subscription for Securities by way of cash settlement, 
[Settlement Currency] [amount fixed as of the Subscription Trade Date] per 
each Security and by way of physical settlement,] [number of units of 
Underlying fixed as of the Subscription Trade Date] per each Security.]
Underlying:
[●]
Information regarding the Securities and the Underlying is available at 
www.etf.dws.com.
3 With respect to the first Tranche, the Issue Date is the same as Tranche Issue Date

--- Page 113 ---
Form of Final Terms
111
Coin Entitlement per Security 
on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities:
[●]
Coin Entitlement per Security 
on the Tranche Issue Date:
[●]
Product Fee:
As of the Tranche Issue Date [●] per cent. per annum. The Issuer may, with 
the agreement of the Arranger, vary the Product Fee. The Issuer will notify 
the Securityholders of any such variation and the varied Product Fee will 
not take effect for a period of 5 Business Days (or 5 trading days with 
respect to SIX SIS AG) from the date of such notice.
Entitlement Precision Level:
[●] decimal places
Delivery Precision Level:
[●] decimal places
Minimum Value Event:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
Minimum Threshold Trigger:
[[●] %] / [Not Applicable]
Arranger:
DWS Investments UK Limited
Administration Agent:
[State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited]
Crypto Execution Agent:
[Galaxy Digital Funds LLC] / [●]
Crypto Development Advisor:
[Galaxy Digital Funds LLC] / [●]
Swiss Paying Agent:
[State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch] / [Not 
Applicable]
Technical Account Bank:
[State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch] / [●] 
Issuing Agent:
[State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch]
Principal Paying Agent:
[State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch]
[Additional Paying Agent] :
[●] / [Not Applicable]
Additional Agent:
[●] / [Not Applicable]
Additional Series Agency 
Agreement:
[●] / [Not Applicable]
Settlement Currency:
[USD] / [EUR] / [other]
Exchange:
[SIX Swiss Exchange, Xetra and] [details of respective Exchange]
Custodian(s):
[Coinbase Custody International Limited ][and][,][ Zodia Custody (Ireland) 
Limited] [and [●]] [or any other custodian notified to the Securityholders and 
any change of the Custodian will not take effect for a period of 5 trading 
days on the SIX Swiss Exchange from the date of such notice.]
Minimum Trading Lot:
[Applicable, [number] of Securities] [Not Applicable] 
Representative:
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange, the Issuer has appointed [●], located at [●], as recognised

--- Page 114 ---
Form of Final Terms
112
representative to lodge the listing application with the SIX Exchange 
Regulation of the SIX Swiss Exchange.
(i)
Responsibility:
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these 
Final Terms.
(ii)
Date of Board of 
Directors approval of 
issuance of the Series of 
Securities:
[Board of directors approval date for the entire Series of Securities] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:
 ----------------------------------------------------------
Duly authorised
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
(i)
Listing and admission to 
trading:
[Application has been made for the Securities to which these Final Terms 
apply to be admitted to [the SIX Swiss Exchange], [Xetra] [●] [the 
multilateral trading facility of [●]] [and] [other].
[Not Applicable]
(ii)
[Notification]:
[The Finansinspektionen (the “SFSA”) of Sweden has provided the 
competent authorities of [France, Finland, Germany, Luxembourg, 
Netherlands, Portugal and Spain and [●]] with a certificate of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.]4
(iii)
Interests of natural and 
legal persons involved in 
the issue:
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Securities has an interest material to the offer] / [give details]
(iii)
Eurosystem eligibility:
[Not Applicable]
(iv)
Distribution:
An offer of the Securities may be made by the Authorised Offerors other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [Sweden, 
France, Finland, Germany, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal and 
Spain and [●]] (“Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s]”) and Switzerland during 
the Offer Period. See further “Terms and Conditions of the Offer” below.
(v)
Additional Selling 
Restrictions:
[Not Applicable] [specify]
(vi)
ISIN and other Security 
Codes:
[●] 
(vii)
Clearing Systems:
[SIX SIS AG, [specify address]] / [give details of additional or alternative 
clearing system(s)]
4 Only applicable if the approval of the Base Prospectus has been notified by the SFSA to the competent authorities of another 
EEA Member State; otherwise, this section can be deleted.

--- Page 115 ---
Form of Final Terms
113
(viii)
Reasons for the offer:
As stated in the Base Prospectus.
(ix)
Estimated total expenses 
of the issue/offer and the 
estimated net amount of 
the proceeds:
[Not Applicable] / [The total expenses of the [issue]/[offer] is estimated to 
amount to [●]].
(x)
Terms and Conditions of 
the Offer:
Securities are made available by the Issuer for subscription only to 
Authorised Participants.
(xi)
Offer Price:
Not applicable.
(i) An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Securities from an 
Authorised Offeror will do so; and 
(ii) offers and sales of the Securities to such investor by an Authorised 
Offeror will be made, 
in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between 
that Authorised Offeror and such investor including as to price, allocations 
and settlement arrangements.
(xii)
Conditions to which the 
offer is subject:
Offers of the Securities are conditional upon their issue and, as between 
the Authorised Offeror(s) and their customers, any further conditions as 
may be agreed between them.
(xiii)
Description of the 
application process:
Not Applicable.
(xiv)
Description of the 
possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner 
for refunding excess 
amount paid by 
applicants:
Not Applicable.
(xv)
Details of the minimum 
and/or maximum amount 
of application:
Not Applicable.
(xvi)
Details of the method and 
time limited for paying up 
and delivery of the 
Securities:
Not Applicable.
(xvii)
Manner in and date on 
which results of the offer 
are made available to the 
public:
Not Applicable.
(xviii)
Procedure for exercise of 
any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of 
subscription rights and 
treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised:
Not Applicable.
(xix)
Whether tranche(s) have 
been reserved for certain 
countries:
Not Applicable.

--- Page 116 ---
Form of Final Terms
114
(xx)
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may 
begin before notification is 
made:
Not Applicable.
(xxi)
Name(s) and address(es), 
to the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries 
where the offer takes 
place:
Not Applicable.
(xxii)
Name and address of 
financial intermediary/ies 
authorised to use the 
Base Prospectus, as 
completed by these Final 
Terms (the “Authorised 
Offerors”) :
[●] [and] [each Authorised Participant expressly named as an Authorised 
Offeror on the Issuer’s Website (www.etf.dws.com)].
(xxiii)
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors:
Not Applicable.

--- Page 117 ---
Form of Final Terms
115
APPENDIX 1 : ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY
Issue specific summary of the Securities as per Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation to be inserted if Securities 
are to be publicly offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of the EEA

--- Page 118 ---
Clearing and Settlement
116
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT
Form of Securities
Securities may be issued as Series of Securities (or Tranches of the same Series of Securities) comprising either 
Registered Securities or Uncertificated Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Registered Securities may be represented by Certificates or by Global Registered Certificates. Uncertificated 
Securities will be issued in dematerialised uncertificated form as simple uncertificated securities (einfache 
Wertrechte) within the meaning of article 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Where the Clearing System with respect to the Uncertificated Securities is SIS, such Securities will be entered into 
the main register of the Clearing System (Hauptregister) (the “Main Register”). Once the Securities are registered 
in the Main Register of the Clearing System and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Clearing 
System, they will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 2008, as amended.
If the Global Registered Certificates are not to be held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”), upon 
registration of Registered Security in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relevant Global Registered Certificate to the common depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of the Securities equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid.
If the Global Registered Certificates are to be held under the NSS, the Global Registered Certificates will be 
delivered on or prior to the issue date to a common safekeeper. 
Uncertificated Securities are issued in dematerialised form and are not constituted by any physical document of 
title.
Exchange and transfer
Registered Securities
Registered Securities may be transferred upon surrender at the Specified Office of the Issuing Agent of the 
Certificate representing such Registered Securities, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate 
duly executed and completed and any other evidence as the Issuing Agent may reasonably require. 
In the case of transfer or redemption of part only of a holding of Registered Securities represented by one certificate, 
a new certificate shall be issued in respect of the part transferred (in the case of a transfer of part) and a further 
new certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor (in the case 
of a transfer of part) or cancelled (in the case of redemption of part).
Uncertificated Securities
All transactions in respect of Uncertificated Securities must be effected through an account with SIS subject to and 
in accordance with the rules, procedures and practices of the Issuing Agent and SIS. 
If at any time Securities cease to be, or notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer that the Securities will cease 
to be, held in uncertificated form and/or accepted for clearance through SIS and/or SIS is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) and/or SIS 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, the Securities shall continue to be in 
registered form and the Issuer and the Paying Agent(s) and any other relevant Transaction Party may agree such 
procedures as they determine necessary in relation to the transfer of Uncertificated Securities and shall as soon as 
reasonably practicable give notice thereof to the Securityholders.

--- Page 119 ---
Custody Arrangements
117
CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS
Custody Agreement
The Issuer will enter into a Custody Agreement in respect of each Series of Securities with each relevant Custodian 
on the terms agreed between the Issuer, the Arranger and the relevant Custodian. A Custody Agreement appointing 
a Custodian in respect of a Series of Securities may be entered into after the Issue Date of such Series.
General
Each Custody Agreement will provide that (unless otherwise directed by the Trustee) the Crypto Asset Collateral 
will be held in safe custody on behalf of the Issuer by the relevant Custodian in a segregated Collateral Account. 
The Collateral Account will be operated through an online portal provided by the relevant Custodian and will be 
subject to the security granted to the Trustee in respect of the relevant Series of Securities. See “Security 
Arrangements”. 
The relevant Custodian shall comply with any instruction from authorised representatives of the Issuer to withdraw 
Crypto Asset Collateral from, or deposit Crypto Asset Collateral into, the Collateral Accounts.
The relevant Custodian shall keep a substantial portion of the private keys associated with the Crypto Asset 
Collateral in “cold storage” or similarly secure technology. Cold storage is a safeguarding method with multiple 
layers of protections and protocols, by which the private key(s) corresponding to the Crypto Asset Collateral are 
generated and stored in an offline manner. Private keys are generated in offline computers that are not connected 
to the internet so that they are resistant to being hacked.
Cold storage of private keys may involve keeping such keys on a non-networked computer or electronic device or 
storing the public key and private keys on a storage device (for example, a USB thumb drive) or printed medium 
and deleting the keys from all computers. The relevant Custodian may receive deposits of Crypto Asset Collateral 
but may not send Crypto Asset Collateral without use of the corresponding private keys. In order to send Crypto 
Asset Collateral when the private keys are kept in cold storage, either the private keys must be retrieved from cold 
storage and entered into a software program to sign the transaction, or the unsigned transaction must be sent to 
the “cold” server in which the private keys are held for signature by the private keys. At that point, the relevant 
Custodian can transfer the Crypto Asset Collateral.
The Issuer may open multiple Collateral Accounts with the Custodian(s) appointed for the relevant Series of 
Securities.
Termination
The Issuer undertakes in the relevant Trust Deed, without prejudice to the provisions of automatic termination of 
any Custodian, to use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain a Custodian in relation to the relevant Series 
of Securities.
The relevant Custodian’s appointment in respect of a Series of Securities may be terminated by the Issuer or the 
relevant Custodian in accordance with the terms of the relevant Custody Agreement.

--- Page 120 ---
Security Arrangements
118
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS
Securities issued under the Programme will be secured obligations. The security interests described below and any 
additional security created in relation to a particular Series of Securities shall be known as the Transaction Security. 
This security is, in particular, granted under English law, Swiss law and Irish Law in favour of the Trustee who will 
hold this on trust for itself and the other Secured Creditors in accordance with the Trust Deed and the Swiss Law 
Pledge. The enforcement of a claim as against any Transaction Security may only be exercised with respect to the 
Transaction Security relating to a particular Series of Securities and such enforcement shall not be with respect to 
the Transaction Security held in relation to any other Series of Securities. 
Transaction Security
The various payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of each Series of Securities shall be secured, pursuant to 
the Trust Deed, over some or all of the following assets:
•
the Crypto Asset Collateral and all property, income, sums and assets derived therefrom from time to time;
•
all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest attaching to or in respect of the Crypto Asset Collateral and all property, 
income, sums or other assets derived therefrom, including, without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or 
to an equivalent number or nominal value thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held 
in a clearing system or through a financial intermediary;
•
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest with respect to each Collateral Account and Custody Agreement;
•
all sums held by any Paying Agent and/or the Custodian(s) to meet payments due in respect of any Secured 
Obligation; 
•
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under each of the Series Agency Agreements, any Authorised Participant 
Agreement (which are related and attributable to the relevant Series) and any rights of the Issuer’s rights 
against any Crypto Broker (which are related and attributable to the relevant Series);
•
the Issuer’s interest in any Additional Account and any sums relating to such Series standing to the credit of 
each such Additional Account from time to time;
•
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under any agreement (present or future) with any account bank or 
custodian in respect of any Additional Accounts;
•
any other security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security Document for such Series; and
•
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, income, rights and/or agreements of 
the Issuer (other than the Issuer’s share capital). 
No security will be taken with respect to the Issuer Expenses Account or the Series Transaction Account.
Order of Priority
The security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other Security Document for each Series of Securities shall 
be known as the Transaction Security. The order of priority in which the Secured Creditors will be paid if the 
Transaction Security is enforced is as follows, as further set out in the Conditions:
•
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts 
properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Trustee, any Irish Receiver or any 
receiver(s) under or pursuant to the Trust Deed or any Security Document, including, without limitation, any 
Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any Tax in respect of the Trustee’s income, profits or 
gains), the costs of enforcing the Transaction Security and/or realising all or some of the Secured Property 
and the Trustee’s remuneration;
•
second, pro rata and pari passu, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, 
losses and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the 
Custodian(s) under or pursuant to the relevant Custody Agreements;

--- Page 121 ---
Security Arrangements
119
•
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts 
properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Technical Account Bank, the Issuing 
Agent and Paying Agents under the relevant Series Agency Agreement;
•
fourthly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts 
properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Administration Agent under the 
relevant Series Agency Agreement;
•
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts 
properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Crypto Execution Agent under the 
relevant Series Agency Agreement;
•
sixthly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts 
properly incurred by, or payable in connection with the Securities to, the Arranger under the Arranger 
Agreement incurred with respect to the relevant Series of Securities;
•
seventhly, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards payment or delivery of the Redemption Amount to 
Securityholders; and
•
eighthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself or as it may direct.
Additional security interests
Additionally, the Constituting Document may provide that different security arrangements apply to the Securities 
and/or that the Secured Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a document (which would be a 
Security Document) other than the Trust Deed. The existence of a Security Document (other than the Trust Deed) 
for a particular Series of Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Security Document (other than 
the Trust Deed) will be entered into, for example, where there is a security interest to be created under a law other 
than English law or Irish law in respect of a particular asset for a Series of Securities.
The Swiss Law Pledge entered into between the Issuer and the Secured Creditors represented by the Trustee 
contains the provisions relating to the creation of security by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee and the other 
Secured Creditors with respect to the Issuer’s rights under the Series Agency Agreements governed by the laws of 
Switzerland.

--- Page 122 ---
Sale or transfer of Underlying, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse
120
SALE OR TRANSFER OF UNDERLYING, ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE
Sale or transfer of Crypto Asset Collateral
The submission of a valid Redemption Order (and an Investor Redemption Order Form as relevant) by an 
Authorised Participant (or a holder of Securities if permitted) will trigger a process which will require the Issuer to 
(in the case of Cash Settlement) arrange for the sale of the Crypto Asset Collateral or (in the case of Physical 
Settlement) transfer the relevant amount of Crypto Asset Collateral to the relevant Securityholders, in each case in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the Conditions and the Transaction Documents.
Redemption Amount
Following such sale or transfer, the Securities will redeem early and the Securityholders will receive the relevant 
Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount for a Series of Securities will be calculated as:
•
in the case of cash settlement, the Cash Redemption Amount; and
•
in the case of physical settlement, the Physical Redemption Amount. 
See the section headed “Economic Overview of the Securities” for a description of how the Redemption Amount 
is calculated.
Enforcement of security
Pursuant to the Conditions and the terms of the Trust Deed and/or any Security Document, the Transaction Security 
shall become enforceable on the occurrence of one of the following events (each an “Event of Default”):
•
the Issuer defaults in payment or delivery on the Securities for 14 days or more;
•
the Issuer fails to comply with any of its other material obligations for 30 days;
•
the IPA Default occurs;
•
the Arranger Default occurs;
•
the Custodian Default occurs; or
•
an Insolvency Event occurs.
Upon instruction by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Securities 
then outstanding following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event, the Trustee shall contact the Swiss bankruptcy 
official or administrator (the “Swiss Bankruptcy Official”), such Swiss Bankruptcy Official may then decide to either: 
(a) take such action, step or proceeding as necessary to enforce the rights under any of the Transaction Documents; 
or (b) instruct the Trustee to institute such proceedings and/or take such action, step or proceeding as instructed to 
enforce the rights under any of the Transaction Documents.
The Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Secured Property received by it under the Trust Deed 
on trust for application in accordance with the order of priority set out in Condition 24 (Application of Proceeds). 
Limited recourse
The limited recourse and non-petition provisions provide that claims against the Issuer by Securityholders and each 
other creditor relating to any Series of Securities will be limited to the series assets applicable to such Securities. 
If, following liquidation or enforcement of security as described above, the available cash sums pursuant to 
Condition 24 (Application of Proceeds) or assets available for delivery, as the case may be, are insufficient for the 
Securityholders to receive payment or delivery in full of any Redemption Amount, Securityholders will receive less 
than such amount and Condition 28 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) will apply. No other assets of the Issuer 
will be available to meet such shortfall, the claims of such Securityholders or other creditors relating to such 
Securities in respect of any such shortfall shall be extinguished. No Securityholders will be able to petition for the 
winding-up of the Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall or launch proceedings against the Issuer.

--- Page 123 ---
The Issuer
121
THE ISSUER
General
Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG (the “Issuer”) was established (at a meeting of its founders) as a stock corporation 
(Aktiengesellschaft) on 7 November 2023 under the Laws of Switzerland for an unlimited duration with the name 
“Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG” and first registered on November 13, 2023. It is registered with the commercial 
register of the Canton of Zurich under the company registration number CHE- 224.432.590. 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing asset-backed Securities. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at c/o Vistra Zürich AG, Talstrasse 83, 8001 Zürich. The telephone number of 
the Issuer is +49 (69) 910 30549. The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 529900WIXTJRV6RK4G26. 
The Issuer’s Website is available at www.etf.dws.com. The information on the Issuer’s Website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
Share capital 
As at the date hereof, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to CHF 100,000, divided into 100 registered shares 
with a face value of CHF 1,000 each. The shares are paid-up in the amount of CHF 100,000.
The share capital is held in its entirety by Vistra Fund Services Limited in its capacity as trustee for the Xtrackers 
Digital Markets (Jersey) Trust. 
Ownership of the Issuer
The share capital is held in its entirety by Vistra Fund Services Limited in its capacity as trustee for the Xtrackers 
Digital Markets (Jersey) Trust.
Activities of the Issuer
The Issuer was set up to issue exchange traded products linked to the performance of Crypto Assets. The Issuer 
will also engage in other activities related to the maintenance of the Programme and the creation of new crypto-
linked financial products. It does not have other revenue generating business activities. The Issuer is not authorised 
or subject to prudential supervision by FINMA or any other regulatory authority.
While currently this Programme is the Issuer’s only product, the Issuer may expand its product suite to include other 
financial products catered to crypto investors and the broader crypto market.
Directors
The directors of the Issuer are as follows:
Director
Business Address
Piedad Lucia Delgado-Bauhofer 
c/o Vistra Zürich AG, Talstrasse 83, 8001 Zürich 
Raphael Benedikt Baumann
c/o Vistra Zürich AG, Talstrasse 83, 8001 Zürich
Kurt Gamper
c/o Vistra Zürich AG, Talstrasse 83, 8001 Zürich 
See the section headed “Conflicts of Interest”.
Corporate Services Administrator
Pursuant to the terms of an agreement in respect of each Series of Securities between Vistra Zürich AG (the 
“Corporate Services Administrator”) and the Issuer (the “Corporate Services Administration Agreement”) the Issuer 
has appointed the Corporate Services Administrator to perform certain administrative, accounting and related 
services to the Issuer. In consideration of these services, the Corporate Services Administrator will receive various 
fees from the Issuer as set out in the Corporate Services Administration Agreement. The registered office of the 
Corporate Services Administrator is Talstrasse 83, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland.

--- Page 124 ---
The Issuer
122
Statutory Auditors
KPMG AG at Badenerstrasse 172, PO Box, CH-8036 Zurich (the “Auditor”) has been appointed for the purpose of 
auditing the Issuer’s financial statements. The Auditor is supervised by the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority 
FAOA and is a member of EXPERTsuisse, veb.ch and the Institute of Internal Auditing Switzerland (IIAS).
The information in this Base Prospectus has not been audited or reviewed by the Auditor.
Financial statements
The Issuer is a newly-incorporated special purpose vehicle and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has not 
produced any audited financial statements. As and when available, the Issuer’s annual financial statements will be 
available at www.etf.dws.com. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than where 
information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the SFSA.
The financial year of the Issuer will end on 30 September of each year.
Material Changes Since Foundation
Save as published or disclosed herein there has been no material change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the incorporation on 7 November 2023.
Dividends
The Issuer has not paid any dividends since its foundation and incorporation.

--- Page 125 ---
The Administration Agent
123
THE ADMINISTRATION AGENT 
State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (the “Administration Agent”) is an Irish private company limited by 
shares, registered on 23 March 1992 under company number 186184. The registered office of the Administration 
Agent is 78 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, D02 RK57. 
The Administration Agent is appointed to provide certain calculation and determination services to the Issuer in 
respect of all Series of Securities issued under the Programme.

--- Page 126 ---
The Crypto Execution Agent and the Crypto Development Advisor
124
THE CRYPTO EXECUTION AGENT AND THE CRYPTO DEVELOPMENT ADVISOR 
Galaxy Digital Funds LLC as Crypto Execution Agent and Crypto Development Advisor is a limited liability company, 
organised and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA. The registered office of the Crypto Execution 
Agent and Crypto Development Advisor is 300 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10282, United States.
The Crypto Execution Agent is appointed by the Issuer to arrange purchases and sales of Crypto Assets on behalf 
of the Issuer for the purposes of the Issuer (i) issuing new Securities by way of Cash Settlement, (ii) redeeming 
existing Securities by way of Cash Settlement and (iii) paying third party fees payable by the Issuer (including to 
the Arranger) under the Programme.
The Crypto Development Advisor is appointed by the Arranger to provide (i) certain monitoring, due diligence and 
advisory services to the Arranger in relation to the Underlying for the purposes of the Arranger managing the 
Programme and (ii) know-how support to the Arranger with respect to the Programme and the Underlying.

--- Page 127 ---
The Custodian(s)
125
THE CUSTODIAN(S)
The Custodian(s) shall be responsible for the safekeeping of the Crypto Asset Collateral held in the Collateral 
Accounts related to the relevant Series of Securities.
The Custodian(s) appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series may include one or both of Coinbase Custody 
International Limited and Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited or any other custodian as appointed from time to time as 
notified to the Securityholders.
The Issuer may open one or more Collateral Accounts with one or more Custodian(s) appointed with respect to the 
same Series of Securities. The Issuer may transfer Crypto Asset Collateral between different Collateral Accounts 
(including between Collateral Accounts opened with different Custodian(s) appointed for the same Series) without 
consent of the Trustee and any holders of Securities.
The following entities may act as Custodian(s) in relation to a Series of Securities.
Coinbase Custody International Limited 
Coinbase Custody International Limited (“Coinbase”) is an Irish private company limited by shares, registered on 
25 September 2019 under company number 657718. The registered office of Coinbase is 70 Sir John Rogerson’s 
Quay, Dublin 2, Dublin, Ireland D02 R269.
Coinbase serves as a European entity of the Coinbase group for the handling of Crypto Assets. Coinbase is part of 
the Coinbase group’s Coinbase Custody service which includes Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC. Coinbase 
Custody Trust Company, LLC operates as a standalone, independently-capitalised business to Coinbase Global, 
Inc. and is a fiduciary under NY State Banking Law, regulated by the New York Department of Financial Services. 
Coinbase Global, Inc operates a global cryptocurrency exchange platform which operates in over 100 countries.
Coinbase Custody International Limited provides custodial services to institutional customers and acts as custodian 
to the Issuer by holding the relevant Underlying in respect of a Series of Securities on behalf of the Issuer.
Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited
Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited (“Zodia”) is an Irish private company limited by shares, registered on 18 August 
2021 under company number 701983. The registered office of Zodia is 27 Fitzwilliam Street, Dublin 2, Dublin, 
Ireland D02 TP23. Zodia is registered with the Central Bank of Ireland with Firm Reference Number C453603 under 
the Criminal Justice Act 2010 to 2021 (as amended) in respect of its activities in Crypto Assets. The Central Bank 
of Ireland’s Deposit Guarantee Scheme and the Investor Compensation Scheme and the Financial Services and 
Pensions Ombudsman (FSPO) services do not apply to the cryptoasset activities carried out by Zodia.
Zodia is a virtual asset service provider supervised by Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance 
Secteur Financier (CSSF) only for AML/CFT purposes in accordance with the AML/CFT Law dated 12 November 
2004, under the reference number @00000010.
The Issuer can appoint additional Custodian(s) under the Programme with respect to any Series of Securities as 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
The Arranger
126
THE ARRANGER
DWS Investments UK Limited (the “Arranger”) is a private limited company incorporated in the United Kingdom on 
16 September 2004, via the Companies Act 1985 Table A model articles, as varied, under company number 
05233891. It was previously named DB Absolute Return Strategies Limited but on 18 December 2006 was renamed 
to Deutsche Asset Management (UK) Limited. On 21 December 2018, the company was consequently renamed to 
DWS Investments UK Limited. The registered office and the principal place of business of the Arranger is 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom. The Arranger offers Fund Management services and is regulated 
by the UK FCA, with firm reference number 429806, and is authorised for specific activities and product types.
The Arranger provides certain administrative and operational services to the Issuer pursuant to an arrangement 
agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Arranger in respect of the Programme dated on or about the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger may delegate certain of those services to its affiliates.

--- Page 129 ---
The Trustee
127
THE TRUSTEE
Vistra Capital Markets Trustees Limited (the “Trustee”) is a private limited company registered under company 
number 05912118. The Trustee acts as trustee under the Programme with respect to each Series of Securities 
issued under the Programme.

--- Page 130 ---
The Issuing Agent
128
THE ISSUING AGENT
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch (the “Issuing Agent”) is a bank branch established 
under Swiss law, with its registered branch office at Beethovenstrasse 19, 8027 Zürich. The Issuing Agent acts as 
issuing agent under the Programme with respect to each Series of Securities issued under the Programme.
THE PAYING AGENTS AND TECHNICAL ACCOUNT BANK
Principal Paying Agent
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch (the “Principal Paying Agent”) is a bank branch 
established under Swiss law, with its registered branch office at Beethovenstrasse 19, 8027 Zürich. The Principal 
Paying Agent acts as principal paying agent under the Programme with respect to each Series of Securities issued 
under the Programme.
Swiss Paying Agent
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch (the “Swiss Paying Agent”) is a bank branch 
established under Swiss law, with its registered branch office at Beethovenstrasse 19, 8027 Zürich. The Swiss 
Paying Agent performs the paying agency function for a particular Series of Securities for the purposes of the 
regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange issued under the Programme.
Technical Account Bank
State Street Bank International GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch (the “Technical Account Bank”) is a bank branch 
established under Swiss law, with its registered branch office at Beethovenstrasse 19, 8027 Zürich. The Technical 
Account Bank shall maintain the Series Transaction Account for a particular Series of Securities for the purposes 
of subscription and redemption of Securities in its own name (and not in the name of the Issuer).

--- Page 131 ---
Taxation
129
TAXATION
Below is a summary of certain tax considerations which may impact the return on the Securities. Securityholders 
should be aware that the tax legislation of their home country and the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the return on the Securities. 
Switzerland
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Securities issued 
by the Issuer where the holder is a tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities 
where the paying agent, Custodian or securities dealer is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on 
legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss 
tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor 
depends on the particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisers as to the 
respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of 
Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances.
Swiss Withholding Tax
Payments on a unit of Securities should currently not be subject to Swiss federal withholding tax. The holders of 
the Securities will be subject to such withholding tax and will not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for 
such withholding tax.
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published draft legislation and opened a consultation procedure 
regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime. The draft legislation, if enacted in its current form, would 
replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for 
Swiss withholding tax. In general terms, the proposed paying agent-based regime would (i) subject all interest 
payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals that are residents in Switzerland to Swiss 
withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, including to Swiss-
domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest payments via foreign and domestic 
collective investments vehicles). However, the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were 
controversial. Consequently, on 15 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted new draft legislation on the 
reform of the Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments 
on bonds for submission to the Swiss Parliament, which legislation was accepted by the Swiss Parliament on 17 
December 2021. The proposed legislation has been rejected in a referendum held on 25 September 2022. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a new paying agent-based regime were nevertheless to be enacted as 
contemplated by the draft legislation published on 3 April 2020 and were to result in the deduction or withholding of 
Swiss withholding tax on any payment in respect of the Securities by any person in Switzerland other than the 
Issuer, the holder of such Securities would not be entitled to any additional amounts with respect to such Securities 
as a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms and conditions.
Income Taxation
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder.
Structured Notes
If a unit of Securities classifies as a structured note, its income taxation depends on whether the bond and the 
derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each other and whether the 
Security is classified as a structured note with or without a predominant one-time interest payment (a structured 
note is classified as a note with a predominant one-time interest payment if the one-time interest payment exceeds 
the sum of the periodic interest payments): 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the bond is not recorded separately from the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s), the Security is classified as a non-transparent structured note and any return over 
the initial investment is classified as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments

--- Page 132 ---
Taxation
130
generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the principles set forth 
below under “—Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment”.
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the bond is 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment (see below “—Transparent 
derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment”), then any such periodic interest 
payment and the non-predominant one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when paid to the holder of the 
Securities. A gain, including interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of a unit of Securities is a 
tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below “—Capital Gains, 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”). The same applies if the Security is redeemed except 
that interest accrued is taxed when paid.
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the bond is recorded 
separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives 
from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic 
interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and on the sale or redemption of the Securities, the 
difference between the value of the bond at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary 
market purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the 
time of redemption or sale, issuance or purchase, respectively (modified differential taxation method) constitutes 
taxable income. A value decrease on the bond respectively realised on the sale or redemption of the Securities 
may be offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from 
all instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment. Any residual return realised on the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible 
private capital loss, respectively (see below “—Capital Gains, Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
holder”). 
Bonds
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a unit of Securities is classified as a pure bond without 
a predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic 
and any one-time interest payments, if any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time 
of payment. A gain, including interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of a unit of Securities is a 
tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below “—Capital Gains, 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”). 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a unit of Securities is classified as a pure bond with a 
predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments), 
Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any periodic interest payments and on any gains, including capital 
and foreign exchange gains, realised on the Securities (differential taxation method).
Pure Derivative Financial Securities
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a unit of Securities which is classified as a pure 
derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity 
not exceeding one year, pure futures, static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and 
with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) and which is held as part of a holder’s private assets constitute 
taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible 
capital loss (see below “—Capital Gains, Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”).
Low Exercise Price Options
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration low exercise price options are given if the 
underlying of an option has been pre-financed by at least 50% at the time of issuance.

--- Page 133 ---
Taxation
131
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year the interest component of the low exercise price 
option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as a tax-exempt 
capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see below “—Capital Gains, Securities held as Private Assets by 
a Swiss resident holder”).
Fund-like Securities
A Security classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for Swiss tax purposes 
if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital gains and losses (less costs attributable) 
realised on the underlying investments, are reported and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an 
individual holding a fund-like Security as part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must 
report annually) over such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the 
underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on the underlying 
investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any 
distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private 
capital gain and any respective loss on the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any 
gain realised within a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interest) 
is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a non-tax-deductible 
capital loss (see below “—Capital Gains, Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in the case of 
residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Switzerland, are 
required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption of, such 
Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for the respective taxation period and will 
be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified 
as “professional securities dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in 
securities.
Capital Gains Taxation
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder
A gain, a loss, respectively, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other 
disposal of a unit of Securities held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax 
deductible capital loss, respectively, unless such individual is classified, for income tax purposes, as a “professional 
securities dealer” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in securities. If an individual 
is classified as a “professional securities dealer” he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles set forth 
above under “—Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business”. In relation to the bifurcation of a tax-exempt capital 
gains component, non-tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable income components of a 
unit of Securities, see the bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under “—
Income Taxation, Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”).
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business
Capital gains realised on Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the taxation 
principles set forth above under “—Income Taxation, Securities held as Swiss Business Assets”).
Stamp Taxes
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of securities.

--- Page 134 ---
Taxation
132
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax
Dealings in Securities which are classified as pure derivative financial instruments (such as pure call and put 
options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, pure futures with a 
maximal pre-financing of 25%, static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a 
fixed maturity on an annual redemption right) are not subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax.
Dealings in Securities which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which are classified as 
structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price warrants on shares with a maturity exceeding 
twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% on the 
consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a 
party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies.
Dealing in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss federal 
turnover tax.
The issuance of Securities by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which are classified as fund-like instruments are 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities 
dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption 
applies.
The delivery of an underlying taxable security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Securities is subject to 
Swiss federal securities turnover tax up to 0.3% if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies.
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Securities may be subject to cantonal 
and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her last domicile in 
Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign deceased or resident 
person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and Securities are held as part of such 
business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship 
between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. 
The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred.
Net Worth and Capital Taxes
A holder of Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss resident holding 
Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is required to report Securities 
as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and is subject to annual cantonal 
and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the Securities), in the case of non-Swiss 
resident individual holding Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment to 
the extent the aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Securities are subject 
to cantonal and communal capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of non-Swiss resident person holding 
Securities as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to 
Switzerland. No net worth and capital taxes exist at the federal level.
Non-Swiss resident holders
A holder of a unit of Securities who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation year 
has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent establishment in 
Switzerland, will neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth or capital tax in Switzerland.

--- Page 135 ---
Taxation
133
Germany
The following discussion is a summary of certain material German tax considerations relating to the Securities in 
particular where the holder is (i) tax resident in Germany and (ii) not an Authorised Participant. The summary does 
not purport to cover all potential tax aspects that may be relevant to the decision to purchase the Securities. In 
particular, it does not consider the particular situation or any circumstances relevant to a particular purchaser. This 
summary is based on the laws of Germany in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and their interpretation by 
the German tax administration and German tax courts as published until this date, which all may be subject to 
changes, possibly with retroactive effect.
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences 
of the purchase, holding, redemption and disposal of the Securities under the laws applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany.
It should further be noted that the following summary only expresses the opinion of the Issuer and must not be 
misunderstood as a representation or guarantee with regard to potential German tax consequences. In particular, 
the Issuer is not aware of any court rulings with respect to the taxation of Securities linked to a single Crypto Asset 
so that it cannot be excluded that the German tax courts might take a differing view.
Taxation of a Securityholder with unlimited tax liability in the Federal Republic of Germany for whom the 
Security is held as a non-business asset
According to the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium, “BMF”), (i) units of virtual 
currencies or other tokens are an “other asset” (anderes Wirtschaftsgut) within the meaning of section 23 (1) 
sentence 1 no. 2 of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz, “EstG”) and (ii) if a bond solely embodies 
a claim to delivery of a fixed quantity of units of virtual currencies or other tokens deposited with the issuer or a 
claim to a payout by the issuer of proceeds from the sale of units of virtual currency or other tokens, then there is 
not a financial claim (Kapitalforderung) within the meaning of section 20 (1) no. 7 EStG but a non-financial claim 
(Sachleistungsanspruch) (circular of the BMF of 10 May 2022, file no. IV C 1 – S 2256/19/10003 :001, margin no. 
85). The sale of such a bond results in income from private sales transactions under section 22 no. 2 in conjunction 
with section 23 (1) sentence 1 no. 2 EStG if the holding period is less than one year (circular of the BMF of 10 May 
2022, file no. IV C 1 – S 2256/19/10003 :001, margin no. 86). 
Furthermore, according to the BMF in its circular on the German flat tax rate regime, based on the Xetra-Gold 
bearer bond and gold bullion securities case law of the German Federal Fiscal Court, no financial claim 
(Kapitalforderung) within the meaning of Section 20 (1) no. 7 EStG exists if the terms and conditions of the issuance 
of bonds stipulate that the issuer must invest almost all of the capital received through the issuance in gold or 
another commodity and if there is only a claim to delivery of the deposited commodity or a claim to a payout of the 
proceeds from the sale of the commodity by the issuer (circular of the BMF of 19 May 2022, file no. IV C 1 – S 
2252/19/10003 :009, margin no. 57). Virtual currencies – as commodities - qualify as an other asset (anderes 
Wirtschaftsgut) within the meaning of section 23 (1) sentence 1 no. 2 EStG and therefore such principles should 
apply also if the terms and conditions of the issuance stipulate that the issuer must invest almost all of the capital 
received through the issuance in virtual currencies and if there is only a claim to delivery of the deposited virtual 
currencies or a claim to a payout of the proceeds from the sale of the virtual currencies by the issuer. 
As the Securities should solely embody a claim to a delivery of a fixed number of units of virtual currencies (as 
stipulated in the Conditions) deposited with the Issuer or, in case there is no Authorised Participant appointed under 
the Programme with respect to the relevant Series of Securities, also a claim to a payout of the proceeds from the 
sale of units of virtual currency by the Issuer, they should not qualify as financial claims (Kapitalforderungen) within 
the meaning of section 20 (1) no. 7 EStG and the sale and redemption of the Securities should not lead to taxable 
capital income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) pursuant to section 20 EStG being subject to the flat tax regime 
(Abgeltungsteuer). 
Thus, if the Securities are acquired by a natural person which is tax resident in Germany (i.e. has its residence or 
habitual abode in Germany) and holds the Securities as part of its private assets (“Private Investor”), the sale of the 
Securities should result in income from private sales transactions under section 22 no. 2 in conjunction with section 
23 (1) sentence 1 no. 2 EStG if the holding period is less than one year. In this context, it is not necessary to 
establish the intention to realise profits (Einkünfteerzielungsabsicht) as this is already assumed because of the sale 
within the one year holding period. However, under section 23 (3) sentence 5 EStG, gains remain tax-free if the 
total sum of the gains generated from all private sales transactions per calendar year (Gesamtgewinn) is less than 
€600. If the holding period is longer than one year, gains should not be taxable.
The redemption of the Securities by way of Physical Settlement should not constitute a sale under the private sales 
transactions rules, but just the fulfilment of the claim for payment in kind with a roll-over of acquisition costs. Even 
though this is not explicitly stated by the German tax administration and case law, it should also be reasonable for 
the purpose of calculating the one year holding period to assume that the point in time at which the units of the 
underlying Crypto Assets are acquired corresponds to the point in time at which the Securities were acquired.

--- Page 136 ---
Taxation
134
However, there exists the risk that the tax administration will take the position that the one year holding period for 
Crypto Assets acquired by a Private Investor directly following a redemption will start only upon the redemption. 
Contrary to this, the sale of the Crypto Assets following a redemption of the Securities by way of Cash Settlement 
should constitute a sale under the private sales transaction rules and should therefore be taxable if realised within 
one year after the acquisition of the Securities.
Taxable gains must be included in the income tax return and are, in principle, subject to income tax (up to 45%, 
plus solidarity surcharge of up to 5.5% and church tax as the case may be). Losses from private sale transactions 
can only be set-off against gains from private sale transactions of the same calendar year. If such gains do not 
exist, it may be possible under certain circumstances to set-off against the gains from private sale transactions from 
the previous year or from subsequent years.
Gains from private sales transactions should generally not be subject to German withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) so that German custody banks should deduct no withholding tax on any sale, redemption 
or delivery of the Securities. 
Taxation of a Securityholder with unlimited tax liability in the Federal Republic of Germany for whom the 
Security is held as a business asset
If the Securities are acquired by persons (including entities) which are tax residents of Germany (i.e. have their 
residence, habitual abode, statutory seat or place of effective management and control in Germany) and which 
hold the Securities as part of their business assets (”Business Investors”), the following principles should apply:
Gains realised upon the sale of the Securities are subject to income tax at the applicable personal, progressive 
income tax rates or, in case of corporate entities, to corporate income tax at a uniform 15% tax rate (in each case 
plus solidarity surcharge at a rate of 5.5% on the tax payable and in case where such income is subject to 
personal, progressive income tax plus church tax, if applicable). Such gains may also be subject to trade tax if 
the Securities form part of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale of the Securities 
are generally recognised for tax purposes. As for Private Investors the redemption of the Securities by way of 
Physical Settlement should not constitute a (taxable) sale, but the acquisition costs for the Securities should be 
rolled over to the Crypto Assets. Contrary to this, the sale of the Crypto Assets following a redemption of the 
Securities by way of Cash Settlement should constitute a taxable sale.
Withholding tax should, as for Private Investors, not be levied on gains from the sale of the Securities, or, after 
redemption, the sale of the Crypto Assets. 
Taxation of persons not being subject to unlimited tax liability in the Federal Republic of Germany
Foreign resident investors should not be taxable in Germany with gains from the sale of the Securities or the 
underlying Crypto Assets and no German withholding tax should be withheld from such income. This should hold 
true even if the Securities are held in custody with a German custodian. Exceptions apply, for example, where the 
Securities are held as business assets of a German permanent establishment or trigger for other reasons German 
taxable source income.
DAC 8
The Council of the EU adopted on 17 October 2023 a directive amending the EU rules on administrative cooperation 
in the area of taxation (Council Directive amending Directive 2011/16/EU, “DAC 8”). The key objectives of this 
legislation are, inter alia, the following:
•
To extend the scope of automatic exchange of information under DAC between EU member states to 
information that will have to be reported by crypto-asset service providers (e.g. crypto exchanges, Wallet 
providers, payment service providers for Crypto Assets) on transactions (transfer or exchange) of crypto-
assets and e-money; and
•
to amend a number of other existing provisions of DAC. In particular, the directive seeks to improve the rules 
on reporting and communication of the Tax Identification Number (TIN), in order to facilitate the task of tax 
authorities of identifying the relevant taxpayers and correctly assessing the related taxes.
Member States will have until 31 December 2025 to transpose the new rules into national law and most provisions 
shall apply from 1 January 2026 on. They will require all crypto-asset service providers, of whatever size and 
wherever located, to report on crypto asset transactions carried out by clients residing in the EU. DAC 8 covers 
both domestic and cross-border transactions.
DAC 8 is designed to complement the recently implemented Markets in Crypto-assets (MiCA) Regulation and anti-
money laundering rules. These rules will provide the conditions for access to the EU market for crypto assets, 
replacing existing national rules governing the issuance, trading and custody of such assets.

--- Page 137 ---
Taxation
135
Securityholders should consult their tax advisors regarding how these rules apply to their investment in the 
Securities. 
FATCA
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.
A number of jurisdictions (including Switzerland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the Securities, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Securities 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution 
of the Issuer). However, if additional Securities (as described under “Terms and Conditions – Further Tranches and 
Series Consolidation”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Securities are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
such Securities, including those Securities offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Securities. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Securities 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Securities where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide 
to participate.                                                                                                                                                                                             
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 138 ---
Subscription and Sale
136
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Only Authorised Participants (or, in circumstances where the Issuer has permitted, Securityholders who are not 
Authorised Participants) may subscribe for Securities from the Issuer. The Authorised Participant(s) in respect of 
each Series of Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
United States of America
Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any states of the United States. Securities may not be directly or 
indirectly offered, sold, taken up, delivered or transferred in or into the United States or to any US person (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (a “US Person”). The Issuer has not registered, and does not intend to 
register, as an investment company under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 
“Investment Company Act”). Accordingly, Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit, of any US Person unless done so in a manner 
such that the Issuer would not be subject to registration under the Investment Company Act. Securities may be 
offered and sold outside of the United States in offshore transactions (as such term is defined in Regulation S) to 
persons who are not US Persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Issuer and each 
Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms within 
the United States or to any US Person, nor will it engage in any “directed selling efforts” (as such term is defined 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act) with respect to the Securities.
United Kingdom
The Issuer and each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of the Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the 
public in the UK:
(a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
to fewer than 150 legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation); or
(c)
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of the Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or shall be in contravention on any other 
restriction on an offer of the Securities in the UK.
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in relation to any 
Securities in the UK means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Securities, and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or 
supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated

--- Page 139 ---
Subscription and Sale
137
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or 
supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before 
exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the 
United Kingdom thereafter; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or 
supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.
European Economic Area
If the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Securities specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), 
the Issuer and each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Securities 
to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Series of Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-
Exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of this a prospectus in relation to such Securities which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus of Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer;
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation;
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), as permitted under the EU Prospectus Regulation; or
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of the Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to the Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or shall be in contravention on any other restriction 
on an offer of the Securities in that Relevant State.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in relation to any Securities 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the

--- Page 140 ---
Subscription and Sale
138
terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe to 
the Securities, and the expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”); and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.
Switzerland
(a)
Subject to paragraph (b) below:
(i)
the Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the FinSA and no application has or will be made to admit the Securities to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland;
(ii)
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA; and
(iii)
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland.
(b)
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above,
(i)
if and when this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) has been automatically 
approved in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA by a Swiss Review Body as a base 
prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA, and published in accordance with the 
FinSA, this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) may be used, subject to any 
other applicable requirements under the FinSA or the FinSO (including the depositing of the 
relevant Final Terms), for any public offering of Securities in Switzerland and/or application for 
the admission to trading of Securities on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; and
(ii)
otherwise, in respect of any Securities to be issued, the Issuer and the relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) may agree that (A) such Securities may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the FinSA and/or (B) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to 
admit such Securities to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Authorised

--- Page 141 ---
Subscription and Sale
139
Participant(s) agree to comply, and comply, with any applicable requirements of the FinSA in 
connection with such offering and/or application for admission to trading.
(c)
Under no circumstances may Securities with a derivative character within the meaning of article 86(2) of 
the FinSO be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland, 
unless a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58(1) FinSA (or any 
equivalent document under the FinSA) has been prepared in relation to such Securities.
(d)
Securities issued under the Programme will be exchange traded products and will not constitute 
participations in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective 
Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (as amended, the “CISA”). Therefore, the Securities are neither 
governed by the CISA nor subject to the approval of, or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA (“FINMA”), and investors in the Securities will not benefit from protection 
under the CISA or supervision by FINMA.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the applicable Final Terms 
issued in respect of the issue of Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the Swedish FSA and an offer of Securities to the public in Sweden 
and, if and when this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) is automatically approved in 
accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA by, and deposited with, a Swiss Review Body as a base prospectus 
within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA, and the respective Final Terms have been deposited with such Swiss 
Review Body in accordance with article 45(3) of the FinSA, a public offering of Securities in Switzerland, no 
representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
applicable Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Authorised Participant has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any applicable Final Terms and 
neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised Participant shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 142 ---
General Information
140
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
This Base Prospectus was approved by a resolution of the Board of the Issuer 
passed on 13 March 2024. The issue of each Series of Securities issued by 
the Issuer will be authorised by a separate resolution of the Board of the 
Issuer.
No significant change
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Issuer since the date of its incorporation. There has been no 
significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer or the financial 
or trading position of the Issuer since the date of its incorporation. 
No legal proceedings
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) which may have, or have had since the date of its incorporation, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.
Settlement and clearing
Securities may be accepted for clearance through any relevant Clearing 
System including SIS, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), 
the Swiss Security Number (if applicable) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series 
of Securities will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.
Address of relevant Clearing 
System
The address of any other applicable relevant Clearing System will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Publication of documents
This Base Prospectus, each applicable Final Terms, each relevant Trust 
Deed and the Articles of the Issuer will be published and available on the 
Issuer’s Website free of charge.
Third party information
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third 
parties this information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by 
such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party 
information is identified where used.
Post issuance information
On each Scheduled Valuation Day, the Issuer will publish the Coin 
Entitlement and Value per Security of each Series of Securities on the 
Issuer’s Website as described in the Conditions. 
Save as set out above, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-
issuance information in relation to any issues of Securities or in relation to the 
Underlying, except as required by any Applicable Law.
Websites
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
have not been scrutinised or approved by the Swedish FSA.

--- Page 143 ---
General Information
141
Available documents
For so long as Securities may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
copies of the following documents will be available upon reasonable notice in 
printed form free of charge, during the hours between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. 
(with respect to the location of the relevant offices specified below) on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection 
and collection at the registered office of the Issuer:
•
the Master Definitions and Construction Terms;
•
the Master Trust Terms;
•
the Master Administration Agency Terms;
•
the Master Issuing Agent and Paying Agency Terms;
•
the Articles of the Issuer;
•
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or further prospectus;
•
each Final Terms and each subscription agreement (if any), any 
Security Document and the Constituting Document comprising, 
amongst other things, the Trust Deed for Securities which are listed 
on any Exchange or any other stock exchange; and
•
such other documents as may be required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which any Security is at the relevant time listed.
So long as any of the Securities are outstanding, copies of these documents 
may also be provided by email to a Securityholder following prior written 
request to the Issuing Agent subject to such Securityholder providing 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuing Agent as to its holding of such Securities 
and as to its identity.
Use of proceeds
The net proceeds of each issue of a Series of Securities will be used to 
purchase the Underlying in respect of such Series and/or enter into the 
Transaction Documents and/or in meeting certain expenses and fees payable 
in connection with the operations of the Issuer and the issue of any Securities.
The Redemption Amount payable or deliverable on the Securities is 
dependent on the performance of the Underlying, therefore the Issuer expects 
to be fully collateralised in respect of its obligations to Securityholders.
Listing Agent
In the case of Securities to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange, the applicable Listing Agent will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 144 ---
Index of Defined Terms
142
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
Additional Account.................................................76
Additional Series Agency Agreement ....................74
Adjustment Event.............................................62, 92
Administration Agent..................................1, 62, 123
Administration Agent Default .................................97
Agent .....................................................................62
AIF .........................................................................35
AIFM ......................................................................35
AIFMD....................................................................35
Airdrop ...................................................................62
AP Cash Settlement Conditions ............................62
AP Redemption Date.............................................63
Applicable Law.......................................................63
Applications 
and 
redemptions, 
selling 
and 
purchasing of Securities......................................3
Arrangement Agreement .......................................63
Arranger..................................................i, 1, 63, 126
Arranger Default ............................................63, 103
Auditor .................................................................122
Authorised Offeror .................................................42
Authorised Offerors..............................................114
Authorised Participant............................................63
Authorised Participant Agreement.........................63
Authorised Participants............................................2
Base Currency.......................................................63
Base Prospectus.........................................i, 63, 109
BGP .......................................................................25
block reward ..........................................................28
Blockchain .............................................................63
BMF .....................................................................132
BTC........................................................................77
Business Day.........................................................63
Business Investors...............................................133
Cash Redemption Amount.....................................63
Cash Settlement ....................................................63
Certificates.......................................................64, 78
CISA ..............................................................37, 139
Clearing and settlement...........................................7
Clearing System ................................................8, 64
CO .........................................................................64
COBS...................................................................108
Code ......................................................................64
Coin Entitlement..................................................i, 64
Coinbase........................................................36, 125
Collateral Account..............................................4, 64
Collateralisation .....................................................64
Commission’s Proposal .......................................135
Conditions.............................................i, 59, 64, 109
Consent to use this Base Prospectus....................42
Constituting Document ....................................59, 64
Core Programme Documents................................59
Corporate Services Administration Agreement64, 
121
Corporate Services Administrator..............1, 64, 121
Crypto Asset ..........................................................64
Crypto Asset Collateral......................................4, 64
Crypto Broker.........................................................64
Crypto Broker Eligibility Criteria.............................64
Crypto Development Advisor.............................2, 65
Crypto Development Services Agreement.............65
Crypto Execution Agent.....................................2, 65
Custodian...........................................................1, 65
Custodian Default ..........................................65, 103
Custody....................................................................4
Custody Agreement...............................................65
DAC 8 ..................................................................134
dApps.....................................................................56
DEBA.....................................................................65
Delivery Precision Level ........................................65
deposit contract .....................................................57
Disruption Event ..............................................65, 91
Distribution.............................................................43
distributor.......................................................44, 108
Documentation.........................................................2
Early Redemption Notice.......................................65
EEA........................................................................44

--- Page 145 ---
Index of Defined Terms
143
Electronic Consent.................................................65
Eligible Authorised Participant...............................66
Eligible Crypto Asset....................................4, 48, 66
Eligible Wallet ........................................................66
Enforcement of security...........................................5
English Proceedings......................................66, 107
English Secured Property......................................66
English Transaction Security .................................66
Entitlement Precision Level ...................................66
Equivalent Event....................................................66
EstG.....................................................................132
ETH........................................................................77
EU Prospectus Regulation..........................i, 44, 138
Event of Default .....................................66, 103, 120
Event of Default Redemption Notice..............66, 103
Excess Crypto Asset Collateral .......................66, 89
Exchange...........................................................7, 66
exchange token .....................................................71
Extraordinary Event .......................................66, 103
Extraordinary Resolution .......................................66
FATCA...................................................................66
FCA........................................................................43
Final Fixing Date....................................................67
Final Terms.........................................................i, 67
FINMA..................................................................139
FinSA.......................................................................7
FinSO.....................................................................38
Form and issue method...........................................3
FSMA.............................................................44, 137
FTT ......................................................................135
Further issues..........................................................8
Galaxy....................................................................67
Global Registered Certificate.................................67
Governing law..........................................................8
hard fork.................................................................29
Hard Fork...............................................................67
Hedging Event .......................................................67
holders.....................................................................9
IGAs.....................................................................134
Illegality Event........................................................67
Independent review/investor suitability..................40
Insolvency Event....................................................67
Insurance Distribution Directive.............44, 108, 138
Intermediated Securities..................................67, 79
Investment Company Act.....................................136
Investor Cash Settlement Conditions ....................67
Investor Physical Settlement Conditions ...............68
Investor Redemption Fee ......................................68
Investor Redemption Order Form..............68, 86, 90
IPA Default.....................................................68, 103
Irish Act..................................................................69
Irish Delegate.........................................................69
Irish Dispute.........................................................107
Irish Law Provisions...............................................69
Irish Proceedings...........................................69, 107
Irish Receiver.........................................................69
Irish Secured Property...........................................69
Irish Transaction Security ......................................69
Issue Date..............................................................69
Issue Level Documents .........................................59
Issue Price.............................................................69
Issuer ........................................i, 1, 36, 69, 109, 121
Issuer Expenses Account ......................................69
Issuer Technical Amendment ................................69
Issuer’s Website..................................................i, 70
Issuing Agent.............................................1, 70, 128
KYC Requirements................................................70
Limited recourse ......................................................8
Listing ......................................................................7
Main Register...........................................70, 79, 116
Master Administration Agency Terms....................70
Master Crypto Execution Services Terms .............70
Master Definitions and Construction Terms...........70
Master Issuing and Paying Agency Terms ............70
Master Programme Level Documents ...................59
Master Trust Terms ...............................................70
maximal extractable value .....................................27
meme coin .............................................................71
MEV.......................................................................27
MiCAR .............................................................34, 58
MiFID II ..............................................7, 44, 108, 138
MiFID II Product Governance/Target Market.........44

--- Page 146 ---
Index of Defined Terms
144
miners....................................................................27
Minimum Threshold Trigger...................................70
Minimum Trading Lot.............................................70
Minimum Value Event............................................70
New Crypto Assets ..........................................67, 70
NFT........................................................................56
No Investment Advice............................................40
No representations ................................................39
Non-Exempt Offer..........................................42, 137
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction...............................42
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s].........................112
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions.....................42, 109
Non-Exempt Offers................................................42
Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets ...............70, 93
Non-Selected Forked Crypto Assets Proceeds70, 93
NSS .....................................................................116
offer..............................................................137, 138
offer of Securities to the public ....................136, 137
Offer Period .........................................................109
Operating Manual ..................................................70
Original Crypto Assets.....................................67, 70
participating Member States................................135
Paying Agent(s) .................................................1, 70
Physical Redemption Amount................................70
Physical Settlement ...............................................71
Physical Settlement and Cash Settlement...............6
Potential Event of Default ......................................71
Price Source ..........................................................71
PRIIPs Regulation .................................................44
Principal Paying Agent...............................1, 71, 128
Private Investor....................................................133
Proceedings...........................................................71
Product Fee ...........................................................71
Programme .........................................................i, 71
Prohibited Crypto Asset.........................................71
Prohibited Securityholder.......................................71
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors............44
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors ..............44
proof of stake.........................................................28
Prospectus Regulation.........................................109
Quarantine Review ................................................72
Quarantined Crypto Assets....................................72
Rating ......................................................................8
Redemption Amount..........................................6, 72
Redemption Date...................................................72
Redemption Deductions ........................................72
Redemption of Securities.........................................6
Redemption Order ...........................................48, 73
Register ...........................................................73, 79
Registered .............................................................78
Registered Securities.......................................73, 78
Registrar ............................................................1, 73
Registrar Agreement..............................................73
Regulatory Event ...................................................73
Relevant Authority .................................................73
Relevant Member State.......................................109
Relevant State .....................................................137
Responsibility.........................................................36
Restricted Party .....................................................73
retail investor ...............................................137, 138
Risk factors............................................................39
Sanctioned Country ...............................................73
Sanctioning Authority.............................................73
Sanctions...............................................................74
Scheduled Valuation Day ......................................74
Secured Creditors..............................................5, 74
Secured Obligations ..............................................74
Secured Property...............................................4, 74
Securities ....................................................i, 74, 109
Securities Act.......................................................136
Security Documents...............................................74
Securityholders..................................................9, 74
Selected Forked Crypto Assets .......................74, 93
Selected Forked Crypto Assets Purchase.......74, 93
Selling restrictions....................................................7
Series.....................................................................74
Series Agency Agreement.....................................74
Series Transaction Account...................................75
Settlement Currency..............................................75
SFSA ...................................................................112
SIS.....................................................................8, 75
SIX.........................................................................75

--- Page 147 ---
Index of Defined Terms
145
SIX Swiss Exchange..............................................75
slashing..................................................................28
Specified Office......................................................75
split ........................................................................29
stablecoins.............................................................16
staking ...................................................................28
Staking.....................................................................4
STS........................................................................45
Subscription Order.................................................48
Substituted Issuer..........................................75, 101
Swedish FSA ......................................................i, 37
Swedish FSA Approval .......................................i, 37
Swiss Bankruptcy Official ..............................82, 120
Swiss Law Pledge..................................................75
Swiss Paying Agent...................................1, 75, 128
Swiss Review Body .................................................7
T276
Tax.........................................................................76
Tax Deduction........................................................76
Taxation.................................................................76
Technical Account Bank ............................1, 76, 128
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer....43
Third Party Information ..........................................37
Tranche..................................................................76
Transaction Document...........................................76
Transaction Party...................................................76
Transaction Security..........................................4, 76
Travel Rule ............................................................77
Trust Deed.............................................................77
Trustee.......................................................1, 77, 127
UK..................................................................44, 108
UK MiFIR .............................................................108
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.................108
UK MiFIR Product Governance/Target Market......44
UK PRIIPs Regulation ...................................44, 108
UK Prospectus Regulation.............44, 108, 136, 137
Uncertificated.........................................................78
Uncertificated Securities..................................77, 78
Underlying.......................................................i, 4, 77
Underlying Illiquidity.........................................77, 92
Underlying Reference Price...................................77
US Person ...........................................................136
validators ...............................................................28
Value per Security .................................................77
Wallet.....................................................................77
Withholding tax ........................................................8
wrapped token .......................................................71
Written Resolution .................................................78
Xetra ..................................................................7, 78
Zodia..............................................................36, 125

--- Page 148 ---
105611930
Issuer
Xtrackers Digital Markets ETC AG
c/o Vistra Zürich AG
Talstrasse 83 8001 Zürich 
Switzerland
Arranger
DWS Investments UK Limited
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
Custodian(s)
Coinbase Custody International 
Limited 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay
Dublin 2, DO2 R296, Ireland
Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited
27 Fitzwilliam Street, 
Dublin 2, Ireland D02 TP23
Corporate Services 
Administrator 
Vistra Zürich AG
Talstrasse 83
8001 Zurich
Switzerland
Administration Agent
State Street Fund Services (Ireland) 
Limited
78 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, 
Dublin 2, Ireland
Issuing Agent
State Street Bank International 
GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch
Beethovenstrasse 19
Postfach
8027 Zurich
Switzerland 
Swiss Paying Agent
State Street Bank International 
GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch
Beethovenstrasse 19
Postfach
8027 Zurich
Switzerland
Principal Paying Agent
State Street Bank International 
GmbH Munich, Zürich Branch
Beethovenstrasse 19
Postfach
8027 Zurich
Switzerland 
Crypto Execution Agent
Galaxy Digital Funds LLC
300 Vesey Street
New York, NY 10282
United States
Crypto Development Advisor
Galaxy Digital Funds LLC
300 Vesey Street
New York, NY 10282
United States 
Trustee
Vistra Capital Markets Trustees 
Limited
7th Floor, 50 Broadway, London, 
United Kingdom, SW1H 0DB
Swiss law legal advisors to the 
Arranger
Homburger AG
Prime Tower, Hardstrasse 201, 
CH-8005 Zurich 
Swedish law legal advisors to the 
Arranger
Harvest Advokatbyrå
Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 
Stockholm, Sweden
English law legal advisors to the 
Crypto Execution Agent and the 
Crypto Development Advisor
DLA Piper UK LLP
160 Aldersgate St, Barbican, 
London EC1A 4HT
English law legal advisors to 
the Arranger
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Citypoint, Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9SS 
English legal advisers to the 
Trustee
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Citypoint, Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9SS