--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
Xtrackers ETC plc 
(Xtrackers ETC Public Limited Company is a public company limited by shares incorporated under the 
Companies Act 2014 of Ireland with registered number 627079, having its registered address at Fourth Floor, 
3 George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland) 
Secured Xtrackers ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme 
What is this document? 
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and is in respect of the Secured Xtrackers ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme (as renamed in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer from time to time) (the “Programme”) of Xtrackers ETC plc (the “Issuer”). This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The 
Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the ETC Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The 
obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. It is important that you read and understand this Base Prospectus before 
you invest in ETC Securities. 
What type of securities does this document relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of secured, limited recourse securities (“ETC Securities”) of the Issuer that will be linked 
to a specified precious metal and upon maturity will pay an amount linked to the performance of such precious metal plus an amount 
of interest equal to interest accrued in respect of any proceeds of realisation of such precious metal, subject to deduction of a fee and, 
in the case of ETC Securities with a foreign exchange hedge component, subject to any gains or losses in respect of the foreign 
exchange hedge. 
 
The ETC Securities involve a significant degree of risk and prospective purchasers should be prepared to sustain a loss of 
all or part of their investment. 
Who is the Issuer? 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the issue of ETC Securities. 
What is in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference within, is intended to provide prospective purchasers 
with necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the ETC Securities which, according to the particular nature and circumstances 
of the Issuer and the type of ETC Securities, is material to prospective purchasers for making an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the ETC Securities and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
The contractual terms of any particular series of ETC Securities (each, a “Series”) will be made up of the terms and conditions set out 
at pages 90-184 of this Base Prospectus, as completed by a separate Final Terms document, which is specific to that issuance of ETC 
Securities (the “Final Terms”).  
The Base Prospectus also discloses: risk factors relating to an investment in ETC Securities; information about the agreements entered 
into by the Issuer in respect of the ETC Securities; information concerning certain parties that have roles in connection with the 
Programme; information regarding taxation in certain jurisdictions; and information about selling restrictions applicable to the ETC 
Securities. All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms and a glossary of defined terms is set 
out at pages 258-262 of this Base Prospectus.  
What other documents do I need to read? 
This Base Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable prospective purchasers to make an informed decision of 
the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the ETC Securities. Some of this information is 
incorporated by reference from other publicly available documents and some of this information is completed in an issue-specific 
document called the Final Terms. Each prospective purchaser must read the documents incorporated by reference, as well as the Final 
Terms in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities, together with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference will be made available at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website 
as may be notified to securityholders). The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
Whilst the Base Prospectus includes general information about all ETC Securities, the Final Terms is the document that sets out the 
specific details of the particular issue of ETC Securities covered by those Final Terms. Such details will include: the issue date; currency; 
Series number; name(s) of the Metal Agent; name(s) of the Series Counterparty; name(s) of the Sub-Custodian; scheduled maturity

--- Page 2 ---
2 
  
date; the type of metal to which those ETC Securities are linked and the fee percentages or maximum fee percentages applicable to 
those ETC Securities. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 March 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
The Issuer acknowledges that it may be possible for securityholders to hold indirect interests in certain 
Series of ETC Securities through the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of 
uncertificated securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any successor thereto in 
accordance with the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (“CREST”) through the 
issuance of dematerialised depository interests (“CDIs”). Any such CDIs will be independent securities 
constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository 
Limited or any successor thereto pursuant to a global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently 
modified, supplemented and/or restated, the “CREST Deed Poll”). 
Approval 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the 
Issuer or the quality of the ETC Securities that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and prospective 
purchasers should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the ETC Securities. Such 
approval relates only to the ETC Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or other regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial Instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authority in Austria, the Österreichische 
Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent authority in Belgium, 
the Financial Services and Markets Authority, the competent authority in Finland, the Finanssivalvonta 
(Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in France, the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in Germany, the Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in 
Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), the competent authority in 
Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (Commission for the Supervision of 
the Financial Sector), the competent authority in the Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten 
(Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in Portugal, the Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários (Portuguese Securities Market Commission), the competent authority in Spain, the 
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Securities Market Commission) and the competent authority 
in Sweden, Finansinspektionen (Financial Supervisory Authority) by providing them, inter alia, with 
certificates of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other 
EEA Member States with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such 
Member States or for admission to trading of all or any ETC Securities on a regulated market therein or 
both.  
Admission to Listing and Trading 
A Series of ETC Securities may be listed on the official list of one or more of the following stock exchanges 
and be admitted to trading on the regulated market or other main market thereof: Euronext Dublin, Euronext 
Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Bolsa

--- Page 4 ---
4 
  
de Madrid, the Borsa Italiana, the OMX Nordic Exchange, the London Stock Exchange plc and/or such 
other stock exchanges and regulated markets or main markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the Programme Administrator. References in this Base Prospectus to ETC Securities being “listed” (and 
all related references) shall mean that such ETC Securities have been admitted to the official list and have 
been admitted to trading on the regulated market or other main market of any such stock exchange. 
This Base Prospectus may not be used in connection with or to offer any ETC Securities (a) listed 
on the official list of any stock exchange and admitted to trading on any market other than those 
listed on the official list of a Stock Exchange in the EEA and admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or main market of a Member State or (b) to investors in the UK. In particular, this Base 
Prospectus does not relate to any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and 
trading on any non-EEA market such as the London Stock Exchange plc and/or the SIX Swiss 
Exchange or offered to any investors located in the UK. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms and 
conditions of any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and trading on any non-
EEA market or to be offered in the UK will be set out in a separate document and will be offered 
pursuant to such separate disclosure and/or offering document as may be required by the laws 
applicable to such non-EEA jurisdiction and the rules of the relevant non-EEA exchange). 
For the purposes of the listing of any ETC Securities on the Official List of the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), the admission to trading of any ETC Securities on the 
regulated market of the London Stock Exchange plc and/or the offer of any ETC Securities to 
investors in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) under the Programme, the Issuer published on the date 
hereof a base prospectus (the “UK Base Prospectus”) which was approved by the FCA, pursuant 
to which any such listing, admission to trading and/or offer will be effected. 
Unlisted Series of ETC Securities that are being offered to the public under Article 2(d) of the 
Prospectus Regulation may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. Unlisted Series of ETC 
Securities that are not being offered to the public under Article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation 
may not be offered under the Programme. Unlisted Series of ETC Securities will not be exchange-
traded. The Final Terms relating to a Series of ETC Securities will specify whether or not such ETC 
Securities are to be listed.  
References in this Base Prospectus to ETC Securities being “unlisted” (and all related references) shall 
mean that such ETC Securities have been offered by way of a public offer in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and have not been listed on the official list or admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other main market of a stock exchange. 
Rating 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme are unrated. However, a securityholder should take such 
steps as it considers necessary to evaluate the ongoing risks and merits of a continued investment in such 
ETC Security. 
This Base Prospectus contains references to credit ratings granted by Moody’s Investors Service Inc. 
(“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings 
Limited (“Fitch”). 
Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are not established in the European Union and have not applied for registration 
pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). However, 
their respective affiliates are established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. Such 
affiliates endorse the ratings of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P for use for regulatory purposes in the EEA.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
  
Responsibility for Base Prospectus and Consent to Use by Authorised Offerors 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The 
information in the section entitled “Information Concerning the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, the Metal Agent, each Series Counterparty 
and the Programme Administrator” consists only of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available 
information. Such publicly available information was not prepared in connection with the offering of the 
ETC Securities. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such publicly available 
information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by DWS 
International GmbH, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as J.P. Morgan AG) 
(as applicable) no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus) with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public 
offer of a Series of ETC Securities by any Authorised Participant, Authorised Distributor or other financial 
intermediary in respect of that Series of ETC Securities in any of Austria, Belgium, France, Finland, 
Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden which is an investment firm 
within the meaning of MiFID II and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any EU member state 
(each an “Authorised Offeror”), provided such Authorised Offeror complies with (a) the Selling 
Restrictions and (b) in the case of an Authorised Offeror that is not an Authorised Participant, the 
Authorised Offeror Terms set out below. Such consent applies to any such resale or final placement by 
way of public offer during the period of 12 months from the date of the Base Prospectus unless such 
consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the website of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com 
(or such other website as may be notified to securityholders). Other than the right of the Issuer to withdraw 
the consent and the aforementioned requirements applicable to Authorised Offerors, no other conditions 
are attached to the consent described in this paragraph. Any new information with respect to the identity 
of any new Authorised Participants will be published on the website of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or 
such other website as may be notified to securityholders). An Authorised Offeror using this Base 
Prospectus is required to publish on its website that it uses this Base Prospectus in accordance 
with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions attached thereto. However, neither the Issuer nor 
DWS International GmbH nor any Transaction Party has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror (save where it is itself an Authorised Offeror acting in that capacity), including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms” are that the relevant Authorised Offeror will, and it agrees, represents, 
warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant 
offer to the public: 
(A) 
(I) act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”), including MiFID II and 
the Rules published by the Central Bank (including the applicable requirements of the Central 
Bank’s Consumer Protection Code) from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, 
Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the ETC Securities by 
any person and any disclosure to any prospective purchaser and (II) immediately inform the Issuer 
if at any time such Authorised Offeror becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of 
any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
(B) 
comply with the Selling Restrictions which would apply as if it were an Authorised Participant;

--- Page 6 ---
6 
  
(C) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by such 
Authorised Offeror in relation to the offer or sale of the ETC Securities does not violate the Rules 
and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to purchasers or prospective 
purchasers; 
(D) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with the solicitation 
of interest in, or offers or sales of, the ETC Securities under the Rules, including authorisation under 
the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation 2007 (as amended); and  
(E) 
(I) comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” 
Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to 
establish and document the identity of each prospective purchaser prior to initial investment in any 
ETC Securities by that purchaser) and (II) not permit any application for ETC Securities in 
circumstances where such Authorised Offeror has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies. 
Separately, each Authorised Participant has represented and warranted to the Issuer in the terms of its 
appointment that it will (amongst other things), at all times in connection with the relevant offer to the public: 
(1) 
comply with the Selling Restrictions and will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers ETC Securities or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms relating to the Series and/or any 
other offering or marketing material; 
(2) 
ensure that all actions or things required to be taken, fulfilled or done (including, without limitation, 
the obtaining of any consent or licence or the making of any filing or registration) for the subscription, 
sale and offer of any ETC Securities have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and 
(3) 
ensure that its conduct in carrying out any such offer does not (X) conflict with or result in a breach 
of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, the documents constituting it or 
any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or 
(Y) infringe any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any 
government, governmental body or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over it or any of 
its assets.  
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will provide 
information to prospective purchasers on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer 
is made.  
Any offer or sale of ETC Securities to a prospective purchaser by an Authorised Offeror will be 
made in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and such prospective purchaser including as to price, allocations and settlement 
arrangements. Where such information is not contained in the Base Prospectus or Final Terms, it 
will be the responsibility of the applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide 
the prospective purchaser with that information and neither the Issuer, nor the Programme 
Administrator or other Authorised Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised (nor does it authorise or consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in connection with) any resale or final placement of the ETC Securities by way of a 
public offer by any person in any circumstances. Any such unauthorised offers are not made on behalf of 
the Issuer or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of any person making such offers. Prospective purchasers should enquire whether 
a financial intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. If a prospective purchaser is offered ETC Securities by a 
person or entity which is not an Authorised Offeror, the prospective purchaser should check with such 
person or entity whether such entity is responsible for this Base Prospectus in the context of an offer of

--- Page 7 ---
7 
  
ETC Securities to the public. If the prospective purchaser is in doubt about whether it can rely on the Base 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, it should take legal advice. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Authorised Offeror or Transaction Party accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it or 
on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the ETC Securities. Each Authorised 
Offeror and Transaction Party disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus, the ETC Securities, any Transaction 
Document or any such statement. 
The Authorised Participants may appoint distributors or brokers in connection with the offering of ETC 
Securities and may pay commissions or fees to such distributors or brokers in relation to the relevant Series 
of ETC Securities (any such appointed distributor or broker being an “Authorised Distributor”). If any 
commissions or fees relating to the issue and sale of these ETC Securities have been paid or are payable 
by an Authorised Participant to a distributor or broker, then such distributor or broker may be obliged to 
fully disclose to its clients the existence, nature and amount of any such commissions or fees (including, if 
applicable, by way of discount) as required in accordance with laws and regulations applicable to such 
distributor or broker, including any legislation, regulation and/or rule implementing MiFID II, or as otherwise 
may apply in any non-EEA jurisdictions. Prospective purchasers of these ETC Securities should ensure 
that they have been informed about the fee or commission arrangements by the distributor or broker before 
making any purchase of the ETC Securities. 
Other Representations not to be relied on 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the ETC Securities and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Programme Administrator, any Authorised Offeror, the Determination Agent or any other 
Transaction Party. 
Possible Change in Circumstances of the Issuer 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Prospective purchasers to Make Own Assessment 
This document identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective purchaser should consider 
prior to making an investment in the ETC Securities. However, a prospective purchaser should conduct its 
own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal, regulatory, financial and tax analysis) prior to 
deciding whether to invest in any ETC Securities issued under the Programme. Any evaluation of the 
suitability for a prospective purchaser of an investment in ETC Securities issued under the Programme 
depends upon that prospective purchaser’s particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on the 
specific terms of the relevant ETC Securities.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
  
Fees, Costs and Charges  
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the ETC Securities and the financial statements of the 
Issuer contain certain information relating to fees and costs and charges applicable to the ETC Securities. 
If the prospective purchaser is advised by third parties (in particular companies providing services related 
to financial instruments, such as credit institutions and investment firms) when acquiring the ETC 
Securities, or if the third parties mediate the purchase, such third parties may have to provide the 
prospective purchaser, as the case may be, with a breakdown of costs and charges or expense ratios that 
are not laid out in the cost details in this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the ETC Securities, 
or the financial statements of the Issuer. 
Prospective purchasers should note that the information provided by third parties on all relevant costs and 
charges may vary from one party to the other due to these third parties additionally invoicing the costs of 
their own services (e.g. a surcharge or, where applicable, recurrent brokering or advisory fees, depositary 
fees, etc.). 
Benchmark Administrators  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators had to apply 
for authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by (i) the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the “EU Register”) or (ii) the FCA pursuant to article 
36 of the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “UK Register”), as applicable. In respect of ETC Securities the 
return on which is linked to the performance of gold or silver, amounts payable thereunder may be 
calculated by reference to the LBMA Gold Price or the LBMA Silver Price, respectively, which are provided 
by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited appears on the UK Register and does not appear on the EU Register. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
In respect of ETC Securities the return on which is linked to the performance of platinum or palladium, 
amounts payable thereunder may be calculated by reference to the London Platinum Price or the London 
Palladium Price, respectively, which are provided by the London Metal Exchange. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the London Metal Exchange appears on the UK Register and does not appear on the 
Register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that the London Metal Exchange is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
In respect of ETC Securities that are foreign exchange hedged, part of the Metal Entitlement from time to 
time will be linked to the performance of WM/Reuters FX benchmarks. Such benchmarks are administered 
by Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited (“Refinitiv”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Refinitiv 
appears on the UK Register and does not appear on the EU Register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that Refinitiv is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). In no event shall any Series Counterparty be a benchmark administrator in 
relation to any element of the ETC Securities of any Series.  
The Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities set out the actions that will be taken in the event 
that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided in accordance with article 28 of the 
Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
  
No Investment Advice or Assessment of Suitability or Lawfulness of Acquisition  
This document is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the 
Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party makes any recommendation as to the suitability 
of the ETC Securities as an investment. The provision of this document to prospective purchasers is not 
based on any prospective purchaser’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an 
assessment of suitability for any prospective purchaser of the ETC Securities. Even if the Issuer, the 
Programme Administrator or another Transaction Party possesses information as to the objectives of any 
prospective purchaser in relation to any transaction, series of transactions or trading strategy, this will not 
be deemed sufficient for any assessment of suitability for such person of the ETC Securities. Any trading 
or investment decisions a prospective purchaser takes are in reliance on its own analysis and judgment 
and/or that of its advisers and not in reliance on the Issuer, the Programme Administrator, any other 
Transaction Party or any of their respective Affiliates. 
None of the Issuer, the Programme Administrator, any other Transaction Party nor any Affiliate of such 
persons has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the ETC Securities by a 
prospective purchaser of the ETC Securities (whether for its own account or for the account of any third 
party), whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or any jurisdiction in which it operates 
(if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser (or any such third party) with any law, 
regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Distribution and No Offer 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the ETC Securities in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer, all Authorised Offerors and the Programme Administrator to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of ETC Securities and on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see the section entitled “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Programme Administrator or any Transaction Party to subscribe for, or purchase, any ETC Securities. 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold or otherwise made available to any 
consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
The ETC Securities are not units in an authorised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the 
Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48(1)) (Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2019 or under the Central Bank’s Alternative 
Investment Fund Rulebook.  
United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
Any Authorised Participant offering ETC Securities in the UK shall comply with the restrictions contained 
in the UK Base Prospectus with respect to sales of ETC Securities in the UK. 
United States Selling Restrictions  
THE ETC SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR UNDER THE 
SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR POLITICAL SUB-DIVISION OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA OR ANY OF ITS TERRITORIES, POSSESSIONS OR OTHER AREAS SUBJECT TO ITS

--- Page 10 ---
10 
  
JURISDICTION INCLUDING THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO, AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA. THE ETC SECURITIES INCLUDE ETC SECURITIES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL 
REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE “CEA”) AND THE RULES THEREUNDER (THE “CFTC 
RULES”) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE “CFTC”). ANY OFFER OR 
SALE OF THE ETC SECURITIES MUST BE MADE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S 
THEREUNDER (“REGULATION S”). THE ETC SECURITIES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, 
SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, PERSONS WHO ARE EITHER (A) U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S 
OR (B) PERSONS WHO DO NOT COME WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF A NON-UNITED STATES 
PERSON UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7 (EXCLUDING FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) 
THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-
UNITED STATES PERSONS). ANY UNITED STATES PERSON THAT HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL 
BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON THE 
OFFER, SALE AND TRANSFER OF THE ETC SECURITIES, PLEASE REFER TO THE “UNITED 
STATES” SUB-SECTION IN THE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” SECTION OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. 
THE ETC SECURITIES MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY ANY ENTITY THAT 
IS, OR THAT IS USING THE ASSETS OF, (A)(I) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”)) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” (AS 
DETERMINED PURSUANT TO THE “PLAN ASSETS REGULATION” ISSUED BY THE UNITED STATES 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR AT 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF 
ERISA) OR OTHERWISE UNDER ERISA BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S 
OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (ANY SUCH PLAN OR ENTITY DESCRIBED IN (I), (II) OR 
(III), A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR (B) A NON-U.S. PLAN, GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, CHURCH 
PLAN OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (A “SIMILAR LAW”) UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF ANY ETC SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, HAS NOT AND WILL NOT 
CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF SUCH SIMILAR LAW. 
Switzerland 
The ETC Securities are exchange traded products, which do not qualify as shares or units of a 
collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act 
of 23 June 2006 (“CISA”), as amended, and are not licensed thereunder. They have not been 
approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”) and are not subject to its 
supervision. The ETC Securities are not issued or guaranteed by a supervised financial institution 
within the meaning of Article 70 para. 1 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and Article 
96 of the Financial Services Ordinance (“FinSO”). Any investment in the ETC Securities does not 
have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of any deposit protection schemes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
  
ETC Securities may be offered in Switzerland to retail investors, as defined in the FinSA, with whom there 
is no permanent portfolio management or investment advice relationship, only if the ETC Securities are 
offered by a prudentially supervised financial institution as defined in Article 70 para. 1 FinSA and Article 
96 FinSO respectively. Any offering of ETC Securities to such retail clients in Switzerland requires the 
registration of a prospectus in Switzerland and publication of Key Investor Documents ("KID") as 
prescribed in the FinSA. 
No Verification or Review by Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party 
None of the Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party has separately verified the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus (save as otherwise provided above) and accordingly none 
of them makes any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the 
accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further 
information, notice or other document which may, at any time, be supplied in connection with the ETC 
Securities or their distribution and none of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. None of the 
Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise 
any purchaser or prospective purchaser of the ETC Securities of any information coming to their attention. 
Issuer obligations only 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities of any Series and 
the ETC Securities issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any 
other entity. In particular, the ETC Securities (i) do not represent an interest in and will not be obligations 
of, or insured or guaranteed by, the Programme Administrator, any Transaction Party or any Affiliate or 
any company associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be 
within the scope of any deposit protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or guaranteed by any 
government, government agency or other body.  
Accordingly, any investment in the ETC Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit in Ireland 
and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. The Issuer is 
not regulated by the Central Bank by virtue of the issue of the ETC Securities. 
Clearing systems 
As the ETC Securities will be held through a clearing system, the legal “holder” (the “Securityholder”) will 
either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the depositary for the ETC Securities or the person 
entered in the register as the securityholder. As a purchaser, your rights in relation to the ETC Securities 
will be governed by the contract you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you 
hold your interest in the ETC Securities and the contracts they have with the clearing system and any 
intermediaries in between. Accordingly, where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, 
or exercisable by, a Securityholder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent 
on the terms of the contracts in such chain. 
Where the ETC Securities are held through a clearing system, because rights under the ETC Securities 
can only be exercised by the legal holders, you must contact the custodian, broker or other entity through 
which you hold your interest in the ETC Securities if you wish for any vote to be cast or direction to be 
given on your behalf. 
Collective investment scheme 
The ETC Securities are debt securities and do not take the form of a collective investment scheme or fund. 
However, there can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not 
recharacterise the ETC Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund. Any

--- Page 12 ---
12 
  
recharacterisation of the ETC Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund may have 
adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for a purchaser. 
Prospective purchasers comprising a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (No 2009/65/EC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended or supplemented, need to satisfy 
themselves that an investment in the ETC Securities would comply with any regulations and/or guidelines 
applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their 
jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual investment objectives. 
Each Series of ETC Securities is linked to a single Metal. Prospective purchasers who are subject to the 
requirements of the UCITS Directive need to satisfy themselves that any purchase of ETC Securities 
conforms to the eligibility criteria required in accordance with the UCITS Directive. 
Interpretation 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD”, “$” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
references to “sterling”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “£” are to the lawful currency of the UK, references 
to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency of those Member States of the EU that have adopted 
the single currency of the EU, references to “CHF” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references 
to “JPY” and “¥” are to the lawful currency of Japan. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus, or publish a new base prospectus 
whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which ETC Securities are listed or pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
  
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Base Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents 
of each section. 
Section of Base Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this Section?  
Important Notices 
3 
This section sets out important legal notices 
relating to the ETC Securities. 
Overview of the Programme 
15 
This section provides an overview of the key 
information contained within this Base Prospectus 
with placeholders for information specific to each 
issue of ETC Securities.  
Risk Factors 
27 
This section sets out the principal risks inherent in 
investing in ETC Securities, including key risks 
relating to investments linked to a precious Metal. 
Conflicts of Interest 
54 
This section sets out any potential conflicts of 
interest between the Transaction Parties relating 
to the ETC Securities. 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
56 
This section incorporates selected financial 
information regarding the Issuer from other 
publicly available documents, and incorporates 
certain sections from previous base prospectuses 
of the Issuer. 
Overview 
of 
the 
Potential 
for 
Discretionary Determinations by the 
Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme 
Administrator 
and 
the 
Series 
Counterparty  
57 
This section provides an overview of the potential 
for discretionary determinations by the Issuer, the 
Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator and 
the Series Counterparty. 
Worked Examples 
67 
This section sets out several worked examples in 
respect of the ETC Securities.  
Description of the Metal 
78 
This section sets out general information about 
the precious Metal. 
Master Terms and Conditions of the 
ETC Securities 
90 
This section sets out the detailed contractual 
terms of the ETC Securities. Where the Master 
Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities 
indicate that an option may be specified in the 
Final Terms, the Final Terms will indicate which of 
these options shall apply. 
Further Information Concerning Certain 
Transaction Documents  
185 
This section sets out descriptions of the main 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in respect 
of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
  
Section of Base Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this Section?  
Crest Clearing Arrangements 
200 
This section sets out a description of the 
arrangements relating to purchasers who may hold 
indirect interests in the ETC Securities by holding 
dematerialised depository interests in accordance 
with the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations 2001 (“CREST”). 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds 
203 
This section describes what the Issuer does with 
the issue proceeds of the ETC Securities. 
Description of the Issuer 
204 
This section provides a description of the Issuer’s 
activities as well as certain financial information in 
respect of the Issuer. 
Information Concerning the Secured 
Account Custodian, the Subscription 
Account Custodian, the Fee Account 
Custodian, the Metal Agent, each 
Series Counterparty, and the 
Programme Administrator.  
206 
This section gives disclosure regarding certain 
important parties who have a role in relation to the 
Programme. 
Taxation 
208 
This section sets out certain taxation 
considerations relating to ETC Securities. 
Subscription and Sale 
244 
This section sets out certain restrictions as to who 
can purchase ETC Securities in certain 
jurisdictions. 
Form of Final Terms 
250 
This section sets out a template for the Final 
Terms to be used for each specific issuance of 
ETC Securities. 
General Information 
256 
This section provides additional information 
relating to ETC Securities. 
Glossary 
259 
This section contains a glossary of all defined 
terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
  
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
Issuer’s principal activities including an overview of the parties to the programme 
Xtrackers ETC plc (the “Issuer”) is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the issue of asset 
backed securities. The Issuer has established this programme for the issue of ETC Securities whose return 
is linked to the performance of a specified precious metal: gold, silver, platinum or palladium. Each Series 
of ETC Securities will be separate (or “ring-fenced”) from each other Series of ETC Securities.  
A number of other parties have roles in connection with the Programme: 
Programme Administrator: DWS International GmbH is the programme administrator (the “Programme 
Administrator”) under the Secured Xtrackers ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme of the 
Issuer (as renamed in the sole discretion of the Issuer from time to time) (the “Programme”). In such role, 
it provides such assistance to the Issuer as may reasonably be required, from time to time, for the operation 
of the Programme in the ordinary course of business. Its duties include the calculations, determinations 
and other duties expressed to be performed by it in the Conditions. 
Series Counterparty: Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as 
J.P. Morgan AG) acts as series counterparty (a “Series Counterparty”) for a Series of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities. In such role, it enters into a balancing agreement with the Issuer (the “Balancing Agreement”) 
which agreement provides for deliveries of Metal to or by the Issuer to reflect an adjustment for any foreign 
exchange gain or loss realised by the Issuer. There will be no Balancing Agreement for ETC Securities 
that are not Series of FX Hedged ETC Securities and any references in this Base Prospectus to a Balancing 
Agreement are only relevant in the context of FX Hedged ETC Securities. 
Trustee: Wilmington Trust SP Services (Dublin) Limited will act as trustee in respect of each Series of 
ETC Securities (the “Trustee”). The Trustee acts as trustee for the holders of ETC Securities and also as 
security trustee (holding the benefit of the security granted by the Issuer over certain of its assets in respect 
of a Series on trust for the Securityholders and other Transaction Parties in respect of that Series). 
Determination Agent: State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited acts as determination agent (the 
“Determination Agent”) in respect of each Series of ETC Securities. Its duties include the calculation of 
the value of the ETC Securities, as well as performing certain administrative tasks for the Issuer with 
respect to the ETC Securities (such as facilitating buy-backs of ETC Securities and further issues). 
Metal Agent: The Metal Agent will be specified in the Final Terms and acts as metal agent (the “Metal 
Agent”) in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities. Its duties include the sale of the Underlying 
Metal in connection with the redemption of the relevant ETC Securities, whether at final maturity or on an 
early redemption or on an ongoing basis to enable the Issuer to pay certain fees and expenses.  
Secured Account Custodian, Subscription Account Custodian, Fee Account Custodian and Sub-
Custodian(s): JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any successor or replacement thereto acts as secured 
account custodian (the “Secured Account Custodian”), subscription account custodian (the 
“Subscription Account Custodian”) and fee account custodian (the “Fee Account Custodian”, and 
together, the “Custodian”).  
Account Bank: Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as J.P. 
Morgan AG) acts as account bank (the “Account Bank”) and maintains a segregated cash account in 
relation to a Series of ETC Securities (the “Series Cash Account”). The Issuer will generally hold any 
Underlying Metal owned by it and held for a Series of ETC Securities with the Subscription Account 
Custodian and, once the relevant ETC Securities have been issued, with the Secured Account Custodian. 
The Secured Account Custodian is permitted to hold property delivered or received by it for the Issuer in 
custody accounts with one or more sub-custodians provided they satisfy certain eligibility criteria. In 
connection with a new issuance of ETC Securities, any Metal delivered by an Authorised Participant will

--- Page 16 ---
16 
  
be delivered (i) in an amount equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount to a subscription settlement 
account held with the Subscription Account Custodian (the “Subscription Settlement Account”) and (ii) 
(in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities) in an amount equal to the Costs Amount to a subscription/buy-
back fee account held with the Fee Account Custodian (the “Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account”). The 
Subscription Account Custodian maintains segregated unallocated metal accounts in the name of the 
Issuer for each separate Series of ETC Securities, each a Subscription Settlement Account. Once the 
relevant ETC Securities have been issued, (i) the Subscription Account Custodian transfers an amount of 
Metal equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount to the secured unallocated account of the respective 
Series of ETC Securities held with the Secured Account Custodian and (ii) (in the case of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities) the Fee Account Custodian transfers the Costs Amount to the Series Counterparty.  
The Metal will generally be held by the Secured Account Custodian on an “allocated” basis. This means 
that specifically identifiable physical items of the relevant Metal are allocated to a particular client and are 
segregated from Metal held for other clients (such account being a “Secured Allocated Account”). 
However, to facilitate subscriptions and buy-backs, the operation of the foreign exchange hedge (in the 
case of FX Hedged ETC Securities) and the deduction of the product fee, the Secured Account Custodian 
may hold some of the Metal on an “unallocated” basis. This means that the Secured Account Custodian 
maintains an account (a “Secured Unallocated Account”) in the name of the Issuer which shows them 
as being entitled to delivery of a particular amount of the Metal but without specific physical metal having 
been identified. Where Metal is held on an “unallocated” basis the right to delivery is a purely contractual 
right and, as such, the Issuer is an unsecured creditor of the custodian and is exposed to the credit risk of 
the custodian. 
Metal transferred to the Issuer and held in the Subscription Account does not form part of the secured 
property in respect of the Series of ETC Securities until the settlement of the related subscription of ETC 
Securities. Metal transferred to the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account does not form part of the secured 
property in respect of the Series of ETC Securities and, following settlement of the related subscription of 
ETC Securities, shall be transferred by the Fee Account Custodian to the Series Counterparty. 
“Costs Amount” means, in respect of a subscription order or a buy-back order in respect of FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, a fee, represented as an amount of Metal and charged by the Issuer to the Authorised 
Participant, with such fee being at such level as may be notified by the Issuer or the Programme 
Administrator to the Authorised Participant from time to time, but which shall not exceed the amount 
specified in the terms and conditions.  
“Subscription Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a subscription order of ETC Securities, an 
amount of unallocated Metal determined by the Determination Agent as being equal to the product of the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the aggregate number of ETC Securities to be issued pursuant to 
the relevant subscription order. 
Issuing Agent: State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited is the issuing agent (the “Issuing Agent”) 
being the entity which, inter alia, signs the global security, marks up or marks down the global security and 
sends the global security to the relevant clearing system.  
Paying Agent: The paying agent (the “Paying Agent”) is the entity which, inter alia, makes payments 
under the ETC Securities. In relation to a Series of ETC Securities where the global security is to be 
deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt/Main or its depositary, the Paying Agent shall be the German Paying 
Agent. In relation to a Series of ETC Securities where the global security is to be deposited with a common 
safekeeper or common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., the Paying 
Agent shall be the ICSD Paying Agent. 
German Paying Agent: The German paying agent (the “German Paying Agent”) is State Street 
International Bank GmbH.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
  
ICSD Paying Agent: The ICSD paying agent (the “ICSD Paying Agent”) will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Authorised Participants: The Authorised Participants are the only entities allowed to buy and sell ETC 
Securities directly from and to the Issuer. Any such purchase or sale is made by the Authorised Participant 
delivering or receiving an amount of the Metal equal to the prevailing metal entitlement per ETC Security. 
Authorised Participants may also act as market makers, i.e. they buy and sell ETC Securities from and to 
investors on an over-the-counter basis or via a stock exchange. However, not all market makers need to 
be Authorised Participants.  
“Underlying Metal” means (i) all Metal recorded and identified in the Secured Allocated Account and 
recorded in the Secured Unallocated Account; and (ii) any Metal recorded in the Subscription Account in 
relation to a subscription by an Authorised Participant of ETC Securities in respect of this Series in respect 
of which the relevant subscription order has been settled by the issue of ETC Securities to the relevant 
Authorised Participant but which has not yet been transferred to the Secured Accounts. 
The entities performing the above roles may resign or, in certain cases be removed from such role, and be 
replaced subject to notice and subject, in the case of the Series Counterparty, the Metal Agent, the Secured 
Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, Subscription Account Custodian and Account Bank, to 
the replacement having a minimum required rating. 
Description of underlying assets 
The metal for any Series of ETC Securities may consist of gold, silver, platinum or palladium (the “Metal”). 
The main assets of the Issuer in respect of a Series of ETC Securities are its holdings of Metal held by or 
on behalf of the Issuer (through the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian 
and/or sub-custodians) and its interests under the related metal agent agreement entered into by the Issuer 
and the Metal Agent (the “Metal Agent Agreement”) and the Balancing Agreement. The Underlying Metal 
backing each Series of ETC Securities have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to service any 
payment due and payable on the ETC Securities. 
The ETC Securities are designed to provide purchasers with exposure to a Metal without having to take 
physical delivery of the Metal. Each ETC Security relates to a specific amount in weight of Metal, specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, known as the metal entitlement per ETC Security. On any particular day, the 
ETC Security can be viewed as giving an exposure to that amount of Metal as the amount payable in 
respect of the ETC Securities and the Value per ETC Security is linked to the value of the Metal. In order 
to back its obligations under the ETC Securities, the Issuer will seek to hold enough Metal to meet its 
obligations under the ETC Securities. The precise amount it holds at any time may be more or less than 
the aggregate amount of the metal entitlement per ETC Security to reflect the periodic payment of product 
fees and, in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, an adjustment for any foreign exchange gains or losses. 
Because the Issuer obtains its exposure to the precious Metal by physically investing directly in the relevant 
Metal, these types of ETC Securities are known as physical replication exchange traded commodities. The 
proceeds from the disposal of the Underlying Metal, plus any interest received on the proceeds of such 
disposal less any negative interest, net of any deductions (and, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, 
converted into the currency of the ETC Securities at the rate the Metal Agent determines would be 
obtainable at the time of conversion which shall be on or about the day of such sale (or, if such day is not 
an FX Business Day, the immediately following FX Business Day), and which may take into account a 
bid/offer spread quoted by a dealer), will equal the amount due under the ETC Securities (subject to certain 
minimum amounts owed). Investing in the ETC Securities will not make an investor the owner of the 
Underlying Metal. Any amounts payable on the ETC Securities will be made in cash and the holders of the 
ETC Securities will have no right to receive delivery of any Underlying Metal at any time.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
  
Description of the structure of the transaction 
Each ETC Security is issued by the Issuer to an Authorised Participant. The Issuer will, as subscription 
proceeds for the issue of ETC Securities, receive an amount of the relevant Metal from the Authorised 
Participants subscribing for the ETC Securities sufficient to cover the initial aggregate metal entitlement 
per ETC Security.  
The Issuer will hold such Metal with the relevant custodian. Each custodian may, in turn, hold allocated 
Metal via a sub-custodian.  
The ETC Securities are subject to a product fee that accrues on a daily basis. Accrued product fee is paid 
by a daily reduction in the metal entitlement per ETC Security which, as a result of such reduction, operates 
as a charge on holders of ETC Securities. The Issuer will, using the Metal Agent, periodically realise Metal 
equal to such charge and the proceeds will be credited to the Series Cash Account maintained by the 
Account Bank in relation to that Series of ETC Securities and used by the Issuer to pay fees, costs and 
charges payable to the Transaction Parties and of the Issuer more generally. Such realisation will happen 
on a periodic (typically weekly) basis. 
In addition, certain ETC Securities may be subject to a foreign exchange hedge. These are known as “FX 
Hedged ETC Securities”. The foreign exchange hedge seeks to reduce the exposure of the ETC Securities 
to exchange rate fluctuations between the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated and the 
currency in which the relevant Metal is quoted. The currency in which the relevant Metal is quoted is known 
as the “Metal Currency”. It does this by reflecting the effect of a notional forward sale of the Metal Currency 
and a corresponding forward purchase of the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated. The 
foreign exchange hedge may result in gains or losses to the Issuer. Such gains or losses will result in an 
increase or decrease in the metal entitlement per ETC Security and will therefore impact the Value per 
ETC Security. 
For example, if 100,000 Physical Gold ETC Securities were issued with an Initial Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security of 0.1 fine troy ounce, this would mean that the Authorised Participant would have to deliver 
10,000 fine troy ounces of Gold for such issuance. The Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of an 
ETC Security is set on the Series Issue Date and specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the 
metal entitlement per ETC Security is equal to the metal entitlement per ETC Security for the immediately 
preceding valuation day, less any accrued fees and, if such ETC Security is a FX Hedged ETC Security, 
plus or minus any metal received or delivered by the Issuer in respect of any gains or losses in the currency 
hedging component of such FX Hedged ETC Security for the related valuation day, which relate to 
movements in the foreign exchange rate between the specified currency (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and the Metal Currency. Subject to any market disruptions, the Determination Agent is required to 
calculate the metal entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security in respect of each 
valuation day. A valuation day is a business day on which none of certain disruption events more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions have occurred. 
Where there are foreign exchange gains and the metal entitlement per ETC Security consequently 
increases, the Series Counterparty will be required to deliver additional Metal equivalent to such increase 
to the Issuer under the Balancing Agreement. Where there are losses and the metal entitlement per ETC 
Security consequently decreases, the Issuer will be required to deliver Metal equivalent to such decrease 
to the Series Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement. All such payments will be in the form of Metal 
and will settle no later than the second business day after the relevant valuation day. 
No amounts are payable under the ETC Securities prior to their scheduled maturity date (the “Scheduled 
Maturity Date” being such date as specified in the relevant Final Terms) unless the ETC Securities redeem 
early. Securityholders can only realise value from an ETC Security prior to its Scheduled Maturity Date by 
selling it at its then market price in an available secondary market. 
A diagram showing the principal aspects of the structure is set out below:

--- Page 19 ---
19 
  
 
 
Description of the flow of funds 
On the Series Issue Date, the Issuer will receive from Authorised Participants, as subscription proceeds 
for the issue of ETC Securities, an amount of the relevant Underlying Metal sufficient to cover the 
aggregate Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security.  
The Balancing Agreement between the Series Counterparty and the Issuer in respect of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities broadly seeks to account for, any currency hedging gains or losses by requiring deliveries of 
unallocated Metal to be made between the Issuer and the Series Counterparty so that, as a result of such 
deliveries, the amount of Underlying Metal held by the Issuer should equal the aggregate metal entitlement 
per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of the relevant Series. However, as a result 
of such settlement only taking place no later than two business days after the relevant valuation day, the 
Issuer might at times hold an amount of Underlying Metal that is more or less than the aggregate metal 
entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such Series and therefore, 
Securityholders will have an unsecured credit exposure to the Series Counterparty to the extent of 
Underlying Metal yet to be delivered by the Series Counterparty.  
The Issuer funds payments under the ETC Securities on any early or final redemption from the proceeds 
of the sale by the Metal Agent of the Underlying Metal held by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
ETC Securities. The Metal Agent will dispose of Underlying Metal during a specified Early Redemption 
Disposal Period or a specified Final Redemption Disposal Period (as applicable) and, no later than on or 
around the day falling six business days before the Scheduled Early Redemption Date or the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (as applicable), will pay the aggregate proceeds of such disposals (converted, if necessary, 
into the currency of the ETC Securities) to the Series Cash Account maintained by the Account Bank in 
relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities as directed by the Programme Administrator.  
The Issuer’s ability to pay the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date (as applicable) is dependent on its receipt 
of the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal from the Metal Agent. Therefore, Securityholders of a 
Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of both the Metal Agent and the Account Bank in respect of the 
disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal.  
JPMSE

--- Page 20 ---
20 
  
Notwithstanding the above, the Metal Agent shall cease any realisation of Underlying Metal during a 
specified Early Redemption Disposal Period or a specified Final Redemption Disposal Period upon it 
becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events where the Issuer (each an “Issuer 
Insolvency Event”): 
(i) 
save to the extent contemplated in the Security Deeds for that Series, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of the Securityholders, or such a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(ii) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency, 
examinership, bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy, examinership or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings 
affecting the rights of creditors generally) by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official; 
(iii) 
has instituted against it, by a person or entity not described in paragraph (ii) above, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any 
bankruptcy, examinership or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment 
of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation, or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each 
case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(iv) 
has a resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(v) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, examiner, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official or any application made or petition 
lodged or documents filed with the court or administrator in relation to the Issuer or the Programme 
(as appropriate)) for it or for any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant ETC 
Securities are secured pursuant to the Security Deeds for that Series; or 
(vi) 
other than the Trustee for that Series (except in circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the 
Security pursuant to the Security Deeds) or the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription 
Account Custodian in such roles or any other Transaction Party in the performance of their 
respective roles, has a secured creditor other than a Secured Creditor take possession of any assets 
by way of enforcement on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant ETC Securities are 
secured pursuant to the Security Deeds for that Series or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against any assets on which the 
liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant ETC Securities are secured pursuant to the Security Deeds 
for that Series and such secured creditor maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Metal Agent shall cease any realisation of 
Underlying Metal immediately upon it becoming aware of any such Issuer Insolvency Event and 
Securityholders would need to rely on enforcement of the security in order for such Metal to be realised. 
Type of securities  
Each Series of ETC Securities will be in bearer form (the “Bearer Securities”). Bearer Securities will be 
represented by global securities (the “Global Securities”) in either new global note or classic global note 
form. No individual bearer definitive securities will be produced.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
  
Description of the rights attaching to the ETC Securities 
Payment of Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the ETC Securities of 
each Series will become due and payable on their Scheduled Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount. 
Interest 
The ETC Securities will not pay periodic interest. On early or final redemption of the ETC Securities, a 
Specified Interest Amount may be payable by the Issuer as part of the Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount payable per ETC Security, as the case may be. 
Status 
The ETC Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, and the ETC Securities of a 
Series rank equally amongst themselves. Holders of ETC Securities of a Series will not, by reason of 
holding such Series, have any claim against the Issuer with respect to any other Series of ETC Securities. 
Security 
The obligations of the Issuer under the ETC Securities of a Series will be secured pursuant to a security 
deed governed by the laws of Ireland and a security deed governed by English law by security interests 
over the rights of the Issuer under the agreements entered into by it in respect of that Series, including 
security interests over the Balancing Agreement, the Metal Agent Agreement and any Underlying Metal. 
The assets and property that is the subject of such security interests are known as Secured Property for 
that Series. Holders of ETC Securities of a Series will not, by reason of holding such Series, have any 
claim against the Secured Property with respect to any other Series of ETC Securities. 
The security over the Secured Property in respect of a Series of ETC Securities will become enforceable 
if payment of the redemption amount in respect of such ETC Securities is not made when due on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Scheduled Early Redemption Date (if applicable). 
Events of Default and Early Redemption Events 
The ETC Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date in 
connection with the occurrence of any of the following events:  
(i) 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer and the Issuer gives a notice of 
redemption; 
(ii) 
the Balancing Agreement for the relevant Series is terminated in connection with an event of default, 
a termination event or the valid delivery of an optional termination notice under such Balancing 
Agreement (and to the extent the optional termination notice is delivered by the Series Counterparty, 
no replacement is put in place (as discussed further below under “Optional Termination”));  
(iii) 
any Agent in relation to a Series of ETC Securities resigns or their appointment is terminated and 
the Issuer gives notice that no successor or replacement has been appointed within a 60 calendar 
day period; 
(iv) 
the Value per ETC Security is less than or equal to 20 per cent. of the issue price as at the Series 
issue date for two consecutive valuation days and the Determination Agent gives the relevant notice; 
(v) 
the Issuer will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, be required to make a payment in 
respect of VAT or be required to account for VAT in respect of a delivery of Metal from or to an 
Authorised Participant (whether or not such VAT is recoverable); 
(vi) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs (as discussed further below under “Issuer Call Redemption 
Event”)

--- Page 22 ---
22 
  
(vii) 
the Issuer becomes entitled to serve a VAT Redemption Event Notice or a termination notice under 
the Balancing Agreement following a tax event or illegality under a Balancing Agreement and the 
Trustee gives the relevant notice as directed by the requisite number of Securityholders; or 
(viii) 
an event of default occurs under the terms and conditions of the ETC Securities and the Trustee 
gives the relevant notice. 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may elect to redeem a Series of ETC Securities early on giving not less than 30 calendar days’ 
notice to Securityholders and the Programme Administrator. 
Optional Termination 
The Issuer or the Series Counterparty may, on giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 calendar days’ 
prior notice, terminate the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities. Termination of the 
Balancing Agreement may result in an early redemption of the relevant ETC Securities if such notice is 
given by the Issuer, or, in respect of an optional termination notice validly delivered by the Series 
Counterparty, if a replacement Series Counterparty is not appointed within the time specified the terms 
and conditions. 
Limited Recourse and Ranking 
The ETC Securities of a Series will rank equally amongst themselves. The rights of Securityholders are 
limited in recourse to the relevant Secured Property. As such, once the Secured Property in relation to a 
Series has been realised and the net proceeds distributed, none of the parties or anyone acting on their 
behalves may take further steps against the Issuer or its directors, officers, members or administrator to 
recover any further sum in relation to such Series and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect of such 
sum. Any proceeds of the Secured Property will be applied in accordance with the priorities of payments 
set out in the terms and conditions and, therefore, the rights of security holders will rank in accordance 
therewith. As a result of such provisions, the Securityholders may not receive in full the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of an ETC Security.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes applies to payments in respect of the ETC Securities, the holders of ETC Securities 
will be subject to such tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive compensation for any such tax 
or deduction. No event of default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
Governing Law 
ETC Securities will be governed by the laws of Ireland. There will be two security deeds relating to a Series 
of ETC Securities; one will be governed by the laws of Ireland and the other will be governed by English 
law. 
Interest and yield 
The ETC Securities will not pay periodic interest.  
On early or final redemption of the ETC Securities, a Specified Interest Amount may be payable by the 
Issuer as part of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount payable per ETC Security, 
as the case may be. 
Explanation of how the interest amount is affected by the value of the Underlying Metal 
The ETC Securities will not pay periodic interest. 
In respect of any Specified Interest Amount payable by the Issuer on an early or final redemption of the 
ETC Securities, such payment will be subject to the limited recourse provisions set out in the terms and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
  
conditions of the ETC Securities (see the section entitled “Limited Recourse and Ranking” below). The 
“Specified Interest Amount” is equal to the amount of interest per ETC Security equal to that ETC Security’s 
pro rata share of the amount of interest which has accrued (at the rate of interest then applicable in respect 
of the Series Cash Account held on behalf of the Issuer (from time to time)) (if any) on the proceeds of 
realisation of the Underlying Metal which have been deposited by the Metal Agent into such cash account 
during the Final Redemption Disposal Period or the Early Redemption Disposal Period (as applicable). 
Such interest may accrue at a positive, zero or negative rate. Therefore, the Specified Interest Amount 
received by Securityholders will be a pass-through of such amount, save that the Specified Interest Amount 
shall be subject to a minimum of zero. Any negative interest charged on the Series Cash Account which 
exceeds any positive interest accrued on the Series Cash Account (in each case on the proceeds of 
realisation of the Underlying Metal which have been deposited by the Metal Agent into such cash account 
during the Final Redemption Disposal Period or the Early Redemption Disposal Period (as applicable)) will 
instead be deducted from the net sale proceeds following the sale of the Underlying Metal. Additionally, if 
the Metal comprising the metal entitlement per ETC Security is trading at or below an amount equal to the 
Minimum Debt Principal Amount, then it may be insufficient to fund the Minimum Debt Principal Amount in 
full, in which case the securityholders may not receive the Minimum Debt Principal Amount payable in 
respect of each ETC Security in full. In respect of each ETC Security, payment of the Specified Interest 
Amount to Securityholders will rank in priority to payment of the Minimum Debt Principal Amount. 
Effect of value of underlying Metal on value of ETC Securities 
The ETC Securities are backed by an Underlying Metal and the value of an ETC Security is closely linked 
to the value of (i) the specified Metal and (ii) the fluctuation between the Metal Currency and the currency 
in which the ETC Securities are denominated. In the case of ETC Securities that are not FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, if the net movement of (i) and (ii) above is (A) positive and (B) equals an amount greater than 
the aggregate product fee (as discussed further below), then on the relevant valuation day the Value per 
ETC Security will go up. If the net movement of (i) and (ii) above (A) is negative or (B) equals an amount 
less than the aggregate product fee, then on the relevant valuation day the Value per ETC Security will go 
down. In the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, as the FX hedge attempts to offset any fluctuation in the 
fluctuation between the Metal Currency and the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated, if 
the net movement of the specified Metal above is (A) positive and (B) equals an amount greater than the 
aggregate product fee (as discussed further below), then on the relevant valuation day the Value per ETC 
Security will go up. If the net movement of the specified Metal above (A) is negative or (B) equals an 
amount less than the aggregate product fee, then on the relevant valuation day the Value per ETC Security 
will go down. 
The price of a Metal can go down as well as up and the performance of a Metal in any future period may 
not mirror its past performance. 
Product Fee 
The ETC Securities are subject to a product fee which may be made up of two components. These are: 
• 
a base fee percentage; and 
• 
a FX hedging fee percentage which reflects a fee for the provision of the foreign exchange hedge. 
However, this fee is only applicable to FX Hedged ETC Securities. 
The base fee percentage and the maximum base fee percentage will be specified in the Final Terms for a 
Series of ETC Securities. The base fee percentage varies from Series to Series. A lower fee than the 
maximum base fee percentage may be charged at the discretion of the Programme Administrator. The 
current base fee percentage and any change to the percentage shall be published on www.etf.dws.com 
(or such other website notified by the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time). 
Securityholders will be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with the Conditions 
of any increase to the base fee percentage.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
  
The FX hedging fee percentage and the maximum FX hedging fee percentage will be specified in the Final 
Terms for a Series of ETC Securities. A lower fee than the maximum FX hedging fee percentage may be 
charged at the discretion of the Programme Administrator. The current FX hedging fee percentage and 
any change to the percentage shall be published on www.etf.dws.com (or such other website notified by 
the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time). Securityholders will be given not less than 
30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with the Conditions of any increase to the FX hedging fee 
percentage. 
The product fee is reflected by a daily reduction in the metal entitlement per ETC Security which, as a 
result of such reduction, operates as a charge on holders of ETC Securities. The Issuer will, using the 
Metal Agent, periodically realise Underlying Metal equal to such charge and the proceeds will be credited 
to the Series Cash Account and used by the Issuer to meet fees, costs and charges payable to the 
Transaction Parties and of the Issuer more generally. Such realisation will happen on a periodic (typically 
weekly) basis. 
Expiration/maturity date of ETC Securities 
The Issuer has the discretion to set the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Series of ETC Securities prior to the 
issue of that Series of ETC Securities. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC Securities will be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Description of return on ETC Securities 
The ETC Securities are linked to the performance of a specified precious Metal.  
Final Redemption Amount 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, each ETC Security will become due and payable at an amount (the “Final 
Redemption Amount”) equal to the greater of (i) the Final Metal Redemption Amount (defined below) plus 
the Specified Interest Amount and (ii) 10 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series 
Issue Date (the “Minimum Debt Principal Amount”) plus the Specified Interest Amount.  
The “Final Metal Redemption Amount” is determined by multiplying (i) the metal entitlement per ETC 
Security as at the Final Redemption Valuation Date (defined below); and (ii) the volume-weighted average 
prices per metal unit at which the Metal Agent is able to sell the Underlying Metal (“Average Metal Sale 
Price”) during the Final Redemption Disposal Period (defined below), net of associated fees, deductions 
and taxes.  
The “Final Redemption Disposal Period” is the period which lasts for the number of days specified in the 
Final Terms, which shall start from (but exclude) the date falling four non-disrupted business days following 
the Final Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Final Redemption Valuation Date” is the date specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
business day, the next following business day. 
Early Redemption Amount  
If any of the Early Redemption Events occur, each ETC Security will become due and payable at an amount 
(the “Early Redemption Amount”) equal to the greater of (i) the Early Metal Redemption Amount (defined 
below) plus the Specified Interest Amount and (ii) the Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified 
Interest Amount. 
The “Early Metal Redemption Amount” is determined by multiplying (i) the metal entitlement per ETC 
Security as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date (defined below); and (ii) the Average Metal Sale Price 
during the Early Redemption Disposal Period (defined below), net of associated fees, deductions and 
taxes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
  
The “Early Redemption Disposal Period” is the period which lasts for the number of days specified in 
the Final Terms, which shall start from (but exclude) the date falling four non-disrupted business days 
following the Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
The “Scheduled Early Redemption Date” is the 8th business day following the Early Redemption 
Disposal Period. 
The “Early Redemption Valuation Date” is (i) the date specified as such in relation to the relevant Early 
Redemption Event or if not specified, the date of the occurrence of such Early Redemption Event or (ii) the 
date on which the Trustee gives notice that due to the occurrence of an event of default, the ETC Securities 
shall become due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Early Redemption 
Date, or if such day is not a business day, the next following business day. 
There can be no assurance that the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
will be greater than or equal to the amount invested by any Securityholder. 
If the Final Metal Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, plus the Specified 
Interest Amount falls below the Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, then 
due to the limited recourse nature of the ETC Securities, Securityholders are unlikely to receive payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, in full and may receive zero. 
Description of final reference price of the Underlying Metal 
The Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security, as applicable, will be 
determined by reference to the Average Metal Sale Price of the Underlying Metal held in respect of the 
Series of ETC Securities sold during the Final Redemption Disposal Period or Early Redemption Disposal 
Period, as applicable, by the Metal Agent, net of associated fees, deductions and taxes. The Issuer will, 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date, publish the determination 
of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, (which shall include 
publication of the price, volume and date of each sale of Underlying Metal during the relevant Redemption 
Disposal Period, including information on any fees, deductions and/or taxes imposed on such sale, and 
the determination of the Average Metal Sale Price) on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etf.dws.com (or such other website notified by the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time 
to time). 
Description of the type of Underlying Metal and where information on the Underlying Metal 
can be found 
The Underlying Metal will be one of gold, silver, platinum or palladium. Prior to the issue of a Series of ETC 
Securities, the Issuer will select the Underlying Metal with respect to those Securities.  
Such Underlying Metal will be held in allocated form and/or unallocated form by the Secured Account 
Custodian, Subscription Account Custodian and/or applicable sub-custodian(s). The Underlying Metal 
complies with “The Good Delivery Rules for Gold and Silver Bars” published by the LBMA and “The 
London/Zurich Good Delivery List” published by the LPPM (as appropriate). Further information relating to 
gold and silver can be found on the website of the LBMA at www.lbma.org.uk and further information 
relating to platinum and palladium can be found on the website of the LPPM at www.lppm.com. 
The Metal to which the ETC Securities is linked is specified in the Final Terms and information relating to 
it can be found at the website specified in the Final Terms. 
Terms and conditions of the offer 
The ETC Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants. 
Authorised Participants will pay for any such subscriptions by delivering Metal equal to the metal 
entitlement per ETC Security of the ETC Securities being subscribed.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
  
The Issue Price per ETC Security on the Series Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms and shall 
be an amount equal to (A) the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security multiplied by (B) the Metal 
Reference Price with respect to the Series Issue Date; and divided by (C) in respect of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities only, the FX Spot Reference Level with respect to the Series Issue Date. The issue price per 
ETC Security for any subsequent Tranche of ETC Securities issued after the Series Issue Date will be 
equal to the Value per ETC Security in respect of the relevant subscription trade date relating to such 
tranche.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
  
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the ETC 
Securities issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with ETC Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts on or in 
connection with any ETC Securities may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that 
the statements below regarding the risks of holding any ETC Securities are exhaustive. Before making an 
investment decision, prospective purchasers of ETC Securities should consider carefully, in the light of 
their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this document (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and, in particular, the 
considerations set forth below and in the relevant Final Terms in order to reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Prospective purchasers should note that the risks relating to the ETC Securities summarised in the section 
of the relevant Final Terms headed “Summary” are risks that the Issuer believes to be the most essential 
to an assessment by a prospective purchaser of whether to consider an investment in the ETC Securities. 
However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or 
may not occur in the future, prospective purchasers should consider not only the information on the key 
risks summarised in the section of the relevant Final Terms headed “Summary” but also, among other 
things, the risks and uncertainties described below.  
All capitalised terms used in this section “Risk Factors” shall have the meanings given to them in other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in this section “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risks relating to the liquidity and trading of the ETC Securities 
Market price of the ETC Securities 
Investors can buy and sell ETC Securities in the same manner as they buy and sell other listed securities. 
Investors trading ETC Securities intraday are given a “bid price”, at which the investors can sell an ETC 
Security, and an “offer price” representing the pricing point at which investors can buy their ETC Securities 
in the market. The bid and offer prices for ETC Securities at any time are likely to be different than the 
Value per ETC Security. This is because the bid and offer prices reflect market liquidity and other market 
conditions at a particular time, whereas the Value per ETC Security is calculated based on the Metal 
Reference Price of the Metal. 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the ETC Securities. 
Investors should note that general movements in markets and factors that affect the investor climate and 
investor sentiment may have different effects on each Series of ETC Securities. 
The market price of the ETC Securities will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the Metal referenced by the ETC Securities; 
(ii) 
the value and volatility of precious metals in general; 
(iii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates;

--- Page 28 ---
28 
  
(iv) 
the creditworthiness of the Metal Agent, the Series Counterparty, the Secured Account Custodian, 
the Subscription Account Custodian, the Account Bank, any applicable Sub-Custodian and the 
Authorised Participants; and 
(v) 
liquidity in the ETC Securities. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that the Value per ETC Security and the secondary market price 
of the ETC Securities can go down as well as up throughout the term of the ETC Securities. Precious metal 
prices are generally more volatile than prices in other asset classes and the secondary market price of the 
ETC Securities may demonstrate similar volatility. Prospective purchasers should be aware that the Value 
per ETC Security and market price of the ETC Securities on any Valuation Day may not reflect their prior 
or future performance. 
The secondary market and limited liquidity 
Purchasers will not receive any payments under the Conditions in respect of the ETC Securities prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the ETC Securities redeem early. The ETC Securities may have a 
long term and the only means through which a purchaser can realise value from an ETC Security prior to 
its Scheduled Maturity Date is to sell it at its then market price in a secondary transaction.  
The price at which a purchaser may be able to sell ETC Securities at any time prior to their Scheduled 
Maturity Date may be substantially less than the price paid by the purchaser. This may occur (amongst 
other reasons) as a result of there being limited liquidity for the ETC Securities, the Value per ETC Security 
being less than the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities at the time the purchaser purchased the 
ETC Securities, the Metal not having performed sufficiently to increase or maintain the Value per ETC 
Security of the ETC Securities by such amount as is necessary to negate the Product Fee deducted since 
the time the purchaser purchased the ETC Securities or, in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, any 
losses suffered by the Issuer in respect of the currency hedging component of such ETC Securities since 
the time the purchaser purchased the ETC Securities. The Value per ETC Security and/or market price of 
the ETC Securities may be volatile and may fall rapidly and purchasers may not be able to sell their ETC 
Securities quickly and/or at a price such that the purchaser is able to prevent or minimise any loss of their 
investment. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that the liquidity in Series of ETC Securities which are not listed 
and exchange-traded may be less than for Series of ETC Securities which are exchange-traded as a 
Securityholder will only be able to sell ETC Securities in off-exchange secondary market transactions and 
will not be able to sell such ETC Securities in secondary market transactions on an exchange. 
While each Authorised Participant appointed in respect of the Programme and/or a Series of ETC 
Securities may make a market for the relevant Series of ETC Securities in respect of which it is appointed 
as an Authorised Participant, no Authorised Participant is obliged to make a market for any Series of ETC 
Securities (including Series in respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant) and Authorised 
Participants may discontinue making a market at any time and/or may make a market on a different 
platform or offer only one way markets. The price (if any) provided by an Authorised Participant for the 
purchase or sale of ETC Securities in the secondary market (whether in an on-exchange or off-exchange 
transaction) will be determined at the absolute discretion of that Authorised Participant by reference to 
such factors as it sees fit. An Authorised Participant may maintain such bid/offer spread as it determines 
in its absolute discretion. The bid/offer spread is the difference between the bid price (i.e. the price at which 
a holder can sell ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the price at which a 
holder can buy ETC Securities from the Authorised Participant). Any price provided by an Authorised 
Participant or other secondary market price may take into account fees, charges, duties, taxes, 
commissions and/or other factors. Any price given by an Authorised Participant will be quoted as of a 
particular date and time and will not therefore reflect any subsequent changes in the market price of the 
ETC Securities and/or any other factors relevant to the determination of the price.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
  
Furthermore, any market in the ETC Securities may not be liquid. 
Prospective purchasers should note that: 
(i) 
the number of ETC Securities subject to any offer made by an Authorised Participant or otherwise 
in the secondary market may be affected by market demand for the ETC Securities, the number of 
ETC Securities in issue, whether subscriptions can be processed and prevailing market conditions; 
(ii) 
the bid or offer price offered by an Authorised Participant or any other seller or purchaser, may be 
less than the current Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. In addition, any such price may 
be subject to fees, charges, duties, taxes and/or commissions; 
(iii) 
they may not be able to sell their ETC Securities quickly, easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to other investments; 
(iv) 
any price at which the ETC Securities may be sold prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date may be at 
a discount, which could be substantial, to the price at which the ETC Securities were acquired by 
the relevant purchaser; and 
(v) 
illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market price of ETC Securities. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that not all market participants and Authorised Participants will 
determine the price of the ETC Securities in the same manner, and the variation between such valuations 
and prices quoted may be substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by an Authorised Participant may 
not be representative of prices that may be provided by other market participants. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that ETC Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an 
Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for 
sale and/or sold over a period of time. Prospective purchasers should not assume that ETC Securities will 
automatically be placed with purchasers by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) immediately upon issue. 
To the extent that the Authorised Participants hold ETC Securities at any time, they may exercise their 
rights under them in such manner as they see fit in their own interests and need not have regard to the 
interests of other holders of ETC Securities or any other person. In particular, the Authorised Participants 
may vote at any meeting of holders of ETC Securities or approve any resolution as they see fit (including 
with respect to any changes to the terms of the ETC Securities proposed by the Issuer). 
Risks relating to the Issuer  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of issuing ETC Securities. As such, the 
Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than (i) the small sums of money raised by issuing shares on 
the date of its incorporation, (ii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it in connection with the issue of any 
Series of ETC Securities from time to time and (iii) any rights, property or other assets on which Series of 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme are secured. This means that if the assets on which a Series 
of ETC Securities are secured are not sufficient to meet sums payable by the Issuer in respect of that 
Series, there are no other assets that are available to the Issuer to make those payments. In such 
circumstances, the holders of ETC Securities would not receive the amounts owing to them in full. 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks 
In respect of a Series of ETC Securities, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders will have recourse 
only to the Secured Property in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities, subject always to the 
Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured Property 
relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 5, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
respect of such Series of ETC Securities remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished 
and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
  
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them 
will be entitled to take any steps against (i) any of the Issuer’s officers, shareholders, corporate service 
providers or directors, or (ii) following extinguishment, the Issuer to recover any further sum in respect of 
the extinguished claim and no debt will be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such 
further sum. No personal liability will attach to or be incurred by the shareholders, officers, agents, 
employees or directors of the Issuer, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants 
or agreements of the Issuer contained in any ETC Security or Transaction Document or implied therefrom, 
and any and all personal liability of every such shareholder, officer, agent, employee or director for 
breaches by the Issuer of any such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at law or by statute or 
constitution of every such shareholder, officer, agent, employee or director, is deemed expressly waived 
by the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders. 
Assets held in relation to any particular Series of ETC Securities or any other series of securities issued 
by the Issuer are not available to satisfy the claims of holders of a different Series of ETC Securities. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, 
at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-
based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them will have any claim 
arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer 
(save for any further securities which form a single Series with the ETC Securities).  
There is also the risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether in respect 
of the ETC Securities or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition 
limitations. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities of any Series.  
Insolvency 
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of ETC Securities or other Series of 
securities and related and incidental matters. Any issue of ETC Securities or other Series of securities 
must be on terms that provide for the claims of the Securityholders and Transaction Parties in respect of 
such ETC Securities or other Series of securities to be limited to the proceeds of the assets on which such 
ETC Securities or other Series of securities are secured (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition 
and related risks” above). In addition, there are restrictions on the Securityholders and Transaction Parties 
bringing insolvency proceedings against the Issuer (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks” above). If such provisions are upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could become 
insolvent. 
However, notwithstanding the restrictions described in Condition 6 and the limited recourse and non-
petition provisions, should the Issuer have outstanding liabilities to third parties which it is unable to 
discharge or should the limited recourse or non-petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a 
particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of 
any country having jurisdiction over it or any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine 
the validity of the claims of Securityholders and may prevent Securityholders from enforcing their rights or 
delay such enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the nature of the assets 
and security, the Security created in favour of the Trustee may be set aside or ranked behind certain other 
creditors and the assets subject to such security may be transferred to another person free of such 
Security. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions the rights of the Trustee to enforce the Security may be limited or delayed 
by such procedures.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
  
Enforcement 
Securityholders’ rights include the right to any payments or deliveries payable to holders of ETC Securities 
in accordance with the Conditions. Securityholders may also have the right to make certain determinations 
or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a resolution of Securityholders or which may 
simply require a direction in writing by a specified percentage of Securityholders) and the Issuer may only 
take certain actions with respect to the ETC Securities if approved by Securityholders. Securityholders 
should note that, notwithstanding they may be owed payments under the ETC Securities, their rights of 
direct action against the Issuer are limited as the right to take such action is generally instead vested in 
the Trustee. 
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the ETC Securities, 
including the person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Securityholders and the 
required percentage of Securityholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. For 
example, the Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the right to enforce the security on 
behalf of Securityholders if a default in payment by the Issuer has occurred. The Securityholders may 
direct the Trustee to exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by 
Securityholders of at least one-fifth in number of the relevant Series of ETC Securities and provided that 
the Trustee has been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. An “Extraordinary 
Resolution” means a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting by a majority consisting of not less 
than 75% of the votes cast at such meeting or a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
Securityholders of not less than 75% of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of that Series. 
The Issuer has executed a Trust Deed in respect of the ETC Securities, under which it has covenanted to 
the Trustee that it will make the relevant payments due on the ETC Securities. The Trustee holds the 
benefit of this covenant for Securityholders. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or delivery when due, 
only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the 
Securityholders, unless the Trustee fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time after having become 
bound to do so and such failure is continuing. 
No regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, 
commodities or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by any 
authority in any jurisdiction. There can be no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or 
more other jurisdictions will not determine that the Issuer is required to be licensed, registered or authorised 
under the securities, commodities or banking laws of that jurisdiction or that legal or regulatory 
requirements with respect thereto will not change in the future. Any such requirement or change could 
have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of ETC Securities. 
Preferred Creditors  
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that 
are treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to the Securityholders, the Securityholders 
may suffer losses as a result of their subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, 
under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish company, such as the Issuer, when applying the proceeds 
of assets subject to fixed security which may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or 
receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of 
creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and 
expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which may include any borrowings made by 
an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his appointment) which have been 
approved by the relevant Irish courts. (See “Examinership” below). 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish incorporated company may be required by 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue Commissioners, to pay to 
them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in payment of debts due to it by the company.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
  
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of 
the security within 21 days of its creation, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding 
Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after the 
issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners’ notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by 
another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax whether 
the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of 
holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a person 
entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the 
company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal with the 
assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending 
or appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that 
such liberty is given to the Issuer any charge constituted by the Trust Deed may operate as a floating, 
rather than a fixed charge. In order to restrict any such liberty of the Issuer over the Secured Accounts, 
pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and the Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account, the Trustee may, in order to exercise and enforce its rights under the Security 
Deeds, countermand any instruction delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer (whether actually delivered or 
deemed to be delivered) to the Custodian relating to the withdrawal of any Underlying Metal from the 
Secured Accounts. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is necessary 
to oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account 
and to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the monies standing to the credit of 
such account without the consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility that 
the fixed security over the relevant charged assets would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating 
charge. A substantially similar position would apply under English law. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(i) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge contained 
in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien holders, execution 
creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(ii) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and 
certain taxes on winding-up; 
(iii) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(iv) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating 
charge; and 
(v) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
Centre of Main Interests 
The Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. As a result, there is a rebuttable presumption that its centre 
of main interest (“COMI”) is in Ireland and consequently that any main insolvency proceedings applicable 
to it would be governed by Irish law. In the decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) 
in relation to Eurofood IFSC Limited, the CJEU restated the presumption in Council Regulation (EC) No. 
1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on Insolvency Proceedings (such regulation now replaced by Regulation (EC)

--- Page 33 ---
33 
  
2015/898 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings 
(recast) (the “Recast Insolvency Regulation”), that the place of a company’s registered office is 
presumed to be the company’s COMI and stated that the presumption can only be rebutted if “factors which 
are both objective and ascertainable by third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation 
exists which is different from that which locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect”. Further, 
recital 30 of the Recast Insolvency Regulation states it is possible to rebut the presumption where a 
company’s central administration is located in an EU Member State other than that of its registered office 
and applying the above Eurofood principle. As the Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has Irish 
Directors, is registered for tax in Ireland and has an Irish corporate services provider, the Issuer does not 
believe that factors exist that would rebut this presumption, although this would ultimately be a matter for 
the relevant court and to decide, based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to 
make that decision. If the Issuer’s COMI was found to be in another EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, main 
insolvency proceedings would be opened in that jurisdiction instead. In respect of proceedings in respect 
of the Issuer in a jurisdiction outside the EU (such as in the UK following the UK’s departure from the EU), 
the EU Insolvency Regulation would not apply but rather the laws of that jurisdiction. There is a risk that 
any such proceedings might be less beneficial to Securityholders than proceedings commenced in Ireland.   
Examinership 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 to facilitate the survival of Irish 
companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which has its COMI in Ireland is, or is likely to be 
unable to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed on a petition to the relevant Irish court under Section 
509 of the Companies Act 2014. 
The Issuer, the Directors, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or shareholders of the 
Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the voting share capital 
of the Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once 
appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the company after this 
appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to this 
appointment. Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets, the subject of a fixed charge. However, if such 
power is exercised the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount realised 
and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the proceeds of the sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish court when at least one class 
of creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the relevant Irish court is satisfied that such proposals 
are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals 
and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Trustee represented the majority in number 
and value of claims within the secured creditor class, the Trustee would be in a position to reject any 
proposal not in favour of the Securityholders. The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the relevant 
Irish court hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are 
unfair and inequitable in relation to the Securityholders, especially if such proposals included a writing 
down to the value of amounts due by the Issuer to the Securityholders. 
If an examiner were appointed in respect of the Issuer, the primary risks to the Securityholders are as 
follows: 
(i) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing down 
or rescheduling of the debt due by the Issuer to the Securityholders as secured by the Security 
Deeds;

--- Page 34 ---
34 
  
(ii) 
the Trustee, acting for and on behalf of the Securityholder, would not be able to enforce rights 
against the Issuer during the period of examinership; 
(iii) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Security Deeds 
prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the 
examiner to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
(iv) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into 
liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by 
the examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the relevant Irish court) will take priority over 
the monies and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by the 
Issuer to each of the Securityholders under the ETC Securities, the Security Deeds or the 
Transaction Documents. 
Irish taxation position of the Issuer 
The Issuer has been advised that it should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying 
companies as set out in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (“Section 110”), and as such 
should be taxed only on the amount of its retained profit after deducting all amounts of interest and other 
revenue expenses due to be paid by the Issuer. If, for any reason, the Issuer is not or ceases to be entitled 
to the benefits of Section 110, then profits or losses could arise in the Issuer which could have tax effects 
not contemplated in the cashflows for the transaction and as such adversely affect the tax treatment of the 
Issuer and consequently the payments on the ETC Securities. 
Risks Relating to the Contractual Features of the ETC Securities 
Potential loss of investment 
Purchasers may lose some or all of their investment and therefore the ETC Securities are not principal 
protected. Their Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount depend on the Value per ETC 
Security, which in turn depends on the value of the Underlying Metal per ETC Security plus, in the case of 
FX Hedged ETC Securities, any gains or losses on the foreign exchange hedge.  
Regulatory Events 
The global financial crisis of 2008 onwards led to an increased regulation of financial activities. The United 
States of America, the European Union, the UK and other jurisdictions have implemented, and are still in 
the process of implementing, various reform measures. Such regulatory changes and the method of their 
implementation may have a significant effect on the operation of financial markets. In many cases, it is 
uncertain how such regulatory reform would affect the Issuer, the treatment of instruments such as the 
ETC Securities or the activities of other parties that have roles with respect to the ETC Securities, such as 
(without limitation) the Programme Administrator and the Trustee. Purchasers should note that the Issuer 
has a general right to redeem the ETC Securities (see “Risks Relating to the Contractual Features of the 
ETC Securities” – “Issuer Call Redemption Event”) and the Series Counterparty has a general right to 
terminate the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities (see “Risks Relating to the 
Contractual Features of the ETC Securities” – “Series Counterparty termination option”) which would lead 
to an early redemption of the relevant ETC Securities. The impact (or likely or proposed impact) of 
regulatory reform may lead the Issuer or the Series Counterparty to exercise such right. There can be no 
assurance that such an event will not occur and purchasers should be aware that, should such an event 
occur, it may lead to an early redemption of the ETC Securities at their Early Redemption Amount. As the 
Early Metal Redemption Amount (which forms part of the Early Redemption Amount) is calculated and 
paid irrespective of the current Metal price, Securityholders may lose some or all of their investment if 
during the Redemption Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
  
Redemption of the ETC Securities at maturity 
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest 
Amount is dependent on (i) the Final Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount being 
at least equal to the Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount; and (ii) each of 
the Metal Agent and the Series Counterparty fulfilling their obligations under the Metal Agent Agreement 
and Balancing Agreement (respectively). 
Provided that the Final Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount is at least equal to 
the Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, the ability of the Issuer to make 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount will be dependent on (a) its 
receipt in full from the Metal Agent of the proceeds of the disposal of the Underlying Metal and, in respect 
of the Specified Interest Amount, the amount of interest which has accrued (if any) on the proceeds of 
realisation of the Underlying Metal which have been deposited by the Metal Agent into the Series Cash 
Account held with the Account Bank during the Final Redemption Disposal Period; (b) the Metal Agent 
having sold all of the Underlying Metal on or prior to the last day of the Redemption Disposal Period; and 
(c) the Underlying Metal held by the Issuer as at the first day of the Redemption Disposal Period being at 
least equal to the Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement. To the extent any of (a), (b) or (c) above are not 
satisfied, the Issuer’s rights may be enforced against the Metal Agent and/or the Series Counterparty. If 
the Issuer’s inability to pay the Final Redemption Amount plus Specified Interest Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date is solely due to the Final Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount falling 
below the Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, the Issuer may not have 
any further rights against the Metal Agent and/or the Series Counterparty which could be enforced and 
therefore there may not be any proceeds of enforcement of the Security. 
All such payments are also subject to the limited recourse nature of the ETC Securities. As a result, the 
Securityholders may not receive in full the Final Redemption Amount and/or the Specified Interest Amount 
payable in respect of an ETC Security and may receive zero.  
The Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount operates as a minimum repayment 
amount on the early or final redemption of the ETC Securities of a Series. In the event that the metal 
entitlement per ETC Security of such Series is insufficient to fund the Minimum Debt Principal Amount 
payable in respect of each ETC Security to all Securityholders on such final redemption, such 
Securityholders may not receive payment of the Minimum Debt Principal Amount in full and may receive 
substantially less. In respect of each ETC Security, payment of the Specified Interest Amount (which shall 
be a pass-through amount of interest actually received in respect of the proceeds of realisation of the 
Underlying Metal which have been deposited in the cash account held on behalf of the Issuer) to 
Securityholders will rank in priority to payment of the Minimum Debt Principal Amount, but such amount 
may be zero or negative, save that the Specified Interest Amount shall be subject to a minimum of zero. 
Any negative interest charged on the Series Cash Account which exceeds any positive interest accrued 
on the Series Cash Accounts (in each case on the proceeds of realisation of the Underlying Metal which 
have been deposited by the Metal Agent into such cash account during the Final Redemption Disposal 
Period) will instead be deducted from the net sale proceeds following the sale of the Underlying Metal. As 
a result, prospective holders of ETC Securities should be aware that to the extent there is any negative 
interest charged on the Series Cash Account which exceeds any positive interest accrued on the Series 
Cash Account, this could reduce the amount payable under the ETC Securities.  
Change in Fee Levels 
There is a product fee that applies to a Series of ETC Securities which is potentially made up of two parts. 
These are:  
• 
a Base Fee Percentage; and 
• 
if the ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, a FX Hedging Fee Percentage.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
  
The level of these fees may vary from time to time and the Programme Administrator has certain discretions 
to adjust the levels of the Base Fee Percentage and the FX Hedging Fee Percentage (and, therefore, the 
Product Fee Percentage). This may potentially result in higher fees being applied and therefore an increase 
in the daily reduction of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security which, as a result of such reduction, 
operates as an increased charge on holders of ETC Securities. Where the Metal has not performed 
sufficiently to increase or maintain the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities by such amount as 
is necessary to negate the increased Product Fee deducted since the time the purchaser purchased the 
ETC Securities, there will be less Metal available to realise on an early or final redemption of the relevant 
ETC Securities, which would reduce the return for holders of ETC Securities.  
CREST Depository Interests (“CDIs”) 
If the Issuer intends for interests in a Series of ETC Securities to be held through CREST Depository 
Interests to be issued by the CREST Depository (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) purchasers of 
CDIs will not be the legal owners of the ETC Securities to which such CDIs relate (such ETC Securities 
being “Underlying ETC Securities”).  
Rights in respect of the Underlying ETC Securities and, by extension, the Secured Property relating to 
such Underlying ETC Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CDIs except indirectly through the 
CREST Depository and CREST Nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the intermediary 
depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in respect of the Underlying ETC 
Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. These arrangements could 
result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of 
the Underlying ETC Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in 
particular where the Underlying ETC Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose 
accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of 
the relevant intermediaries. 
For further information with respect to CDIs, see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “CREST 
Clearing Arrangements”. 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may at any time elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of a Series and designate an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date may not be earlier than the 30th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice from 
the Issuer. In such circumstances, the ETC Securities of such Series will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount per ETC Security on the relevant Scheduled Early Redemption Date. There can be 
no assurance that the Early Metal Redemption Amount determined following any such exercise will be 
such that the Early Redemption Amount is greater than or equal to the amount invested by a Securityholder 
of the ETC Securities. As the Early Metal Redemption Amount is calculated and paid irrespective of the 
current Metal price, Securityholders may lose some or all of their investment if during the Redemption 
Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
Series Counterparty termination option 
The Series Counterparty relating to a Series of ETC Securities may, on giving not less than 30 but not 
more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Issuer, elect to terminate the Balancing Agreement relating to 
such Series of ETC Securities. Such notice may only be delivered if no Balancing Agreement Event of 
Default with respect to the Series Counterparty has occurred and is continuing under the Balancing 
Agreement and provided that no notice of termination of the relevant Balancing Agreement has already 
been given. In connection with such election, following the termination of the Balancing Agreement and 
provided that a replacement Series Counterparty is not appointed within the time specified in Condition 11, 
an Early Redemption Event will occur and the ETC Securities of that Series will become due and payable 
at their Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security on the relevant Scheduled Early Redemption Date. 
The Series Counterparty shall not and is not required to consider the interests of Securityholders when

--- Page 37 ---
37 
  
exercising any such termination right. There can be no assurance that the Early Metal Redemption Amount 
determined in connection with the exercise of such termination right will be such that the Early Redemption 
Amount is greater than or equal to the amount invested by a Securityholder in the ETC Securities. 
Events of Default and other Early Redemption Events  
In addition, the ETC Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date as further described in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events set out in 
Conditions 7 and 12 and as summarised in the section headed “Overview of the Programme” in the 
paragraph therein headed “Events of Default and Early Redemption Events”. 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or the delivery by the Trustee of an Event of 
Default Redemption Notice in respect of an Event of Default under the Conditions of the relevant Series of 
ETC Securities, such Series of ETC Securities will become due and payable on the relevant Scheduled 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security, being the greater of (i) the 
Early Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount and (ii) the Minimum Debt Principal 
Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount. 
If the Early Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount falls below the Minimum Debt 
Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, then due to the limited recourse nature of the ETC 
Securities, Securityholders are unlikely to receive payment of the Early Redemption Amount in full and 
may receive zero.  
The Issuer’s ability to make the payments due under the Conditions relating to the ETC Securities on their 
early redemption is entirely dependent on its receipt of (i) any amount of unallocated Metal outstanding 
from the Series Counterparty pursuant to the relevant Balancing Agreement (in respect of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities); and (ii) disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal from the Metal Agent. Accordingly, the Issuer 
and the Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of (A) the Series Counterparty to 
the extent of any shortfall of the Underlying Metal compared to the Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement; and 
(B) the Metal Agent in respect of the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal. If the Issuer does not pay 
the Early Redemption Amount in full on the Scheduled Early Redemption Date of the ETC Securities, the 
Trustee may (subject to the terms of the relevant Security Deed) enforce the security under the Security 
Deeds relating to the relevant ETC Securities. However, if, following the realisation in full of the Secured 
Property relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) 
and application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 5, there are any outstanding claims against 
the Issuer in respect of such Series of ETC Securities which remain unpaid, then such outstanding claim 
will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. In such circumstances 
purchasers of the ETC Securities may not receive back their investment and may receive zero. 
Disruption Events 
If the Programme Administrator, the Determination Agent and/or (in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities) 
the Series Counterparty gives a Disruption Event Notice in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, then the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security will not be published in respect of 
such Scheduled Valuation Day. 
If the Programme Administrator, the Determination Agent and/or the Series Counterparty determines that 
a Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date, such date shall be postponed for up to 10 Scheduled Valuation Days (after 
which, if no Valuation Day has occurred, the Programme Administrator may determine the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date (as applicable)). 
Additionally, if, as a result of a Disruption Event, one or more Disrupted Days occur on any day in the 
period between the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date (as the case 
may be) to the sixth Business Day prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Early Redemption

--- Page 38 ---
38 
  
Date (as the case may be), then the Programme Administrator may postpone the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or Scheduled Early Redemption Date by up to such maximum number of days as equal to the number of 
Disrupted Days in this period. The Final Redemption Disposal Period or Early Redemption Disposal Period, 
as the case may be, shall be deemed extended by the same number of days as the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date have been postponed by.  
Therefore, Securityholders should be aware that the delivery of a Disruption Event Notice by the 
Programme Administrator, the Determination Agent and/or the Series Counterparty may have an adverse 
effect on the quantum and on the timing of the calculation and publication of the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities and may result in the early redemption of 
the ETC Securities at their Early Redemption Amount. There can be no assurance that the Early 
Redemption Amount will be greater than or equal to the amount invested by any Securityholder as the 
Early Metal Redemption Amount (which forms part of the Early Redemption Amount) is calculated and 
paid irrespective of the current Metal price. Securityholders may lose some or all of their investment if 
during the Redemption Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
Purchasers should be aware that any of the components which comprise the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security and Value per ETC Security calculation will be determined by the Programme Administrator and/or 
(in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities) the Series Counterparty and the value of such components 
may differ from the official values (if any) determined and published by the relevant pricing source in 
respect of such Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date. 
A Disruption Event Notice may be given in connection with the following events: 
(i) 
the Metal Price Source fails to calculate and announce the Metal Reference Price; 
(ii) 
the material suspension of, or material limitation imposed on, trading in the Metal; 
(iii) 
the relevant market, exchange or trading facility in respect of the Metal is closed for any reason; the 
permanent discontinuation of trading in the Metal; the disappearance of, or of trading in, the Metal; 
or the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Metal Reference Price;  
(iv) 
the receipt by the Issuer or the Programme Administrator of a Disruption Event Notice in respect of 
a Metal Disruption Event from the Series Counterparty; and/or 
(v) 
an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Determination Agent, including by reason of a 
technical or operational issue, such that it is impossible for the Determination Agent to perform its 
obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement that are required to be performed for the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security to be determined in respect of 
a Scheduled Valuation Day. 
In addition, for FX Hedged ETC Securities, a Disruption Event Notice may be given in connection with the 
following events: 
(a) 
the FX Forward Reference Level Source fails to calculate and announce the FX Forward Reference 
Level in respect of an FX Business Day; 
(b) 
the FX Spot Reference Level Source fails to calculate and announce the FX Spot Reference Level 
in respect of an FX Business Day; 
(c) 
the material suspension, limitation, illiquidity or disruption of trading in foreign exchange contracts 
between the Specified Currency and the Metal Currency; 
(d) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable to convert the Specified Currency into the Metal Currency 
or vice versa;  
(e) 
the receipt by the Issuer or the Programme Administrator of a Disruption Event Notice in respect of 
an FX Disruption Event; and/or

--- Page 39 ---
39 
  
(f) 
an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Series Counterparty, including by reason of a 
technical or operational issue, such that it is impossible for the Series Counterparty to perform its 
obligations under the Balancing Agreement that are required to be performed for the Metal 
Entitlement FX Differential to be determined in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day. 
A Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security in respect of a Valuation Day may not 
be published or the publication thereof may be delayed if the Programme Administrator, the Determination 
Agent and/or the Series Counterparty determines that a Disruption Event occurs or exists in respect of a 
Scheduled Valuation Day and the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the Programme Administrator, the 
Determination Agent and/or the Series Counterparty (as applicable) notifies the Issuer of its determination.  
Year-End Period 
With respect to any Redemption Disposal Period, if the proceeds from the realisation of the Underlying 
Metal would cause the balance standing to the Series Cash Account to exceed the maximum amount that 
can be held in such Series Cash Account during the period between December and January of each 
calendar year (such amount and such period to be agreed from time to time between the Issuer, the 
Programme Administrator and the Account Bank (the “Year-End Period”)), then (i) the Metal Agent will 
not deposit such proceeds into the Series Cash Account until after the Year-End Period or such time as 
directed by the Programme Administrator and (ii) the Programme Administrator may postpone the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date by such number of days as necessary for 
the Metal Agent to transfer to relevant proceeds to the Series Cash Account and for the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, to be paid as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such Year-End Period. Securityholders should therefore be aware that redemption of the ETC Securities 
may be postponed until after the Year-End Period if the Early Redemption Disposal Period falls during the 
Year-End Period and no interest equal to the Specified Interest Amount will be accrued for so long as the 
proceeds are not deposited into the Series Cash Account.  
Taxation and no gross-up 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the ETC Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the ETC 
Securities, the Securityholders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
Transfers of Metal to or from the Issuer under the Balancing Agreement or the Authorised Participant 
Agreement or transfers of the sale proceeds of Underlying Metal to the Issuer under the Metal Agent 
Agreement in relation to a Series of ETC Securities may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, Taxes (including VAT). In such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer (and/or 
the Trustee) to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount may not be sufficient 
to satisfy in full the claims of the Securityholders and all creditors whose claims rank in priority to those of 
the Securityholders. 
The Issuer may become liable for Tax charges or be required to account for Tax whether by direct 
assessment or withholding. If any such event occurs as a result of a change in law or regulation that 
materially increases the cost to the Issuer of performing its obligations under the ETC Securities and/or 
the Balancing Agreement or makes it illegal for the Issuer to do the same or to hold, acquire or dispose of 
the Metal, the ETC Securities may become subject to early redemption. Accordingly, there is a risk that 
Securityholders may receive a lower return on their investment than they would have done had such early 
redemption not occurred.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
  
You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and your 
own tax advisors in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any ETC 
Securities. 
Meetings of Securityholders, resolutions, modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders including 
Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution 
and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Securityholders may be 
bound by a change to the Conditions or by some other decision that affects your investment in the ETC 
Securities even though you have not agreed to such change. 
In addition, to the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the Trust Deed, 
the Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Securityholders, (i) agree to certain 
modifications of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, the Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Security Deeds, the Balancing Agreement and/or any other 
Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party, (ii) determine that any Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default will not be treated as such or (iii) agree to the substitution of another company as principal 
obligor under any ETC Securities in place of the Issuer provided that such waiver or substitution is not, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. To the extent that 
the consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the relevant Trust Deed, the Trustee may 
also agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to any modification to the Conditions, the Trust 
Deed, the Security Deeds and/or the Balancing Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Securityholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. Any such action by the 
Trustee as is described in this paragraph may result in your being bound by a change to the Conditions or 
by some other decision that affects your investment in the ETC Securities even though you have not agreed 
to such change. Any such amendment requires the consent of the Programme Administrator. 
Prospective purchasers should note that in certain circumstances the Issuer and the relevant Transaction 
Party may take certain actions and certain amendments may be made to the terms of the ETC Securities 
and/or the relevant Transaction Documents without the requirement for the approval of Securityholders by 
way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or the consent of the Trustee. Again, this may result 
in your being bound by a change to the Conditions or by some other decision that affects your investment 
in the ETC Securities even though you have not agreed to such change. 
These include (without limitation): 
(i) 
the transfer of Metal to the Series Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement and to an 
Authorised Participant under the Authorised Participant Agreement and the related release of 
Security provided such transfer and release is effected in accordance with the terms of the 
Balancing Agreement and the Authorised Participant Agreement (as applicable);  
(ii) 
changes to the Product Fee Percentage at any time (whether due to a change in the Base Fee 
Percentage or the FX Hedging Fee Percentage); 
(iii) 
the appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such appointment or 
replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the applicable Transaction 
Document(s); 
(iv) 
the substitution of the relevant Price Source with a Successor Price Source pursuant to Condition 
9; 
(v) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the relevant Balancing Agreement pursuant to these 
Conditions;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
  
(vi) 
the increase of the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities; 
(vii) 
the amendment(s) to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relate(s) to an 
operational or procedural issue; 
(viii) 
any replacement of the Series Counterparty in accordance with Condition 11;  
(ix) 
any amendment to the name of the Programme;  
(x) 
anything that the Issuer is permitted to do without the prior written consent of the Trustee pursuant 
to Condition 6 or any other Conditions; or 
(xi) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the Programme Administrator Agreement effected in 
accordance with the Conditions.  
Securityholder directions 
The Conditions of the ETC Securities permit the holders of one-fifth or more of the outstanding number of 
ETC Securities of a Series following the occurrence of an Event of Default, a Balancing Agreement Event 
of Default with respect of the Series Counterparty, the Issuer becoming entitled to serve a VAT Redemption 
Event Notice or a termination notice under the Balancing Agreement following a Balancing Agreement Tax 
Event or a Balancing Agreement Illegality and at any time after the Security has become enforceable to 
direct the Trustee to deliver a notice or take such other action in accordance with the Conditions, 
whereupon that Series of ETC Securities will become due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Scheduled Early Redemption Date and/or the Security will be enforced by the Trustee, as 
applicable. Prospective purchasers should be aware, however, that the Trustee will not be obliged to take 
any step or action or to act in accordance with any such direction unless the Trustee has been pre-funded 
and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by one or more Securityholders. This may result in a 
delay in any step or action being taken by the Trustee and, if the Securityholders cannot put adequate 
arrangements in place, in no step or action being taken by the Trustee. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will make payments in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities in the Specified 
Currency. This will create currency conversion risks if a purchaser’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Purchaser’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Purchaser’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Purchaser’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Purchaser’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Purchaser’s 
Currency-equivalent return on the ETC Securities, (ii) the Purchaser’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
amount(s) payable on the ETC Securities and (iii) the Purchaser’s Currency-equivalent market value of the 
ETC Securities. 
Risks relating to the Balancing Agreement 
Securityholders of a Series of FX Hedged ETC Securities are exposed to the creditworthiness 
of the Series Counterparty 
In respect of each Series of FX Hedged ETC Securities, the Balancing Agreement provides for the 
settlement, on no later than the second Business Day following each Valuation Day, of the foreign 
exchange gains or losses in the currency hedging component of such FX Hedged ETC Securities in order 
to account for such foreign exchange gains or losses. Settlement will take place in respect of a Valuation 
Day by the Issuer transferring Metal to the Series Counterparty or vice versa, in each case as provided in 
the Balancing Agreement.  
However, as a result of such settlement only taking place no later than the second Business Day following 
such Valuation Day, the Issuer might at times hold an amount of Underlying Metal that is more or less than

--- Page 42 ---
42 
  
the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such 
Series. 
In addition, it should be noted that the deliveries required under the Balancing Agreement will be made on 
such rounding basis as may be agreed between the Series Counterparty, the Determination Agent and the 
Programme Administrator from time to time. The difference between any amount calculated on such 
rounded basis and the amount that would have applied had such rounding basis not applied will be carried 
forward and taken into account in the calculation for deliveries in respect of the next Valuation Day. 
Where such rounding means that the amount of Underlying Metal held by the Issuer is less than the 
aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such Series 
then the Issuer and, therefore the Securityholders, will have an unsecured credit exposure to the Series 
Counterparty. Any failure by the Series Counterparty to deliver the amounts of unallocated Metal required 
by the Balancing Agreement may lead to the early redemption of the ETC Securities and may also result 
in the Issuer not being able to pay the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount in full. 
Therefore, Securityholders of a Series of FX Hedged ETC Securities are exposed to the creditworthiness 
of the Series Counterparty. As the Final Metal Redemption Amount or Early Metal Redemption Amount 
are calculated and paid irrespective of the current Metal price, the Securiyholders may lose some or all of 
their investment if during the Redemption Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
Additionally, as the transfers contemplated under the Balancing Agreement require the transfer of Metal in 
unallocated form, this may require the Issuer to de-allocate Underlying Metal held in allocated form in 
advance of a settlement of a transfer required to be made by the Issuer or result in the Issuer holding 
Underlying Metal in unallocated form (prior to allocation by the Secured Account Custodian) after receipt 
of a transfer from the Series Counterparty. Holdings of Underlying Metal in unallocated form are subject to 
the risks described in the risk factor entitled “Metal held in unallocated accounts is not segregated from the 
Secured Account Custodian’s, the Subscription Account Custodian’s or Fee Account Custodian’s other 
assets in the case of insolvency” below. 
Transfer of Balancing Agreement by the Series Counterparty 
The Series Counterparty may, subject to certain conditions, transfer the Balancing Agreement to a single 
Eligible Series Counterparty. A transferee will be an Eligible Series Counterparty if, amongst other things, 
it has a rating equal to or higher than the Eligible Series Counterparty Threshold Rating (or the equivalent 
rating from any other Rating Agency) or has the benefit of an enforceable guarantee from an Affiliate with 
a rating equal to the Eligible Series Counterparty Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from 
any other Rating Agency). In such circumstances the Issuer and therefore the Securityholders will be 
exposed to the creditworthiness of the transferee rather than the creditworthiness of the Series 
Counterparty. Any failure by the transferee to deliver the amounts of unallocated Metal required by the 
Balancing Agreement may lead to the early redemption of the ETC Securities at their Early Redemption 
Amount. As the Early Metal Redemption Amount (which forms part of the Early Redemption Amount) is 
calculated and paid irrespective of the current Metal price, Securityholders may lose some or all of their 
investment if during the Redemption Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
Risks relating to the Metals and Foreign Exchange Hedging 
Precious Metal linked securities 
The ETC Securities are precious metal linked securities.  
Prospective purchasers should be aware that the price of a Metal can go down as well as up and that the 
performance of a Metal in any future period may not mirror its past performance. There can be no 
assurance as to the future performance of any Metal to which the ETC Securities are linked. 
The Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities incorporates a deduction for Product Fees and, in the 
case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, a currency hedging component, both of which affect how closely the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
  
ETC Securities track the price of the relevant Metal. Due to this and other factors, the ETC Securities may 
trade differently from the performance of the Metal to which the ETC Securities are linked and changes in 
the market price of the Metal may not result in a comparable change in the market price or in the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
The performance of a precious metal is dependent upon macroeconomic factors such as supply and 
demand, liquidity, natural disasters, direct investment costs, location and changes in tax rates and changes 
in laws, regulations and the activities of governmental or regulatory bodies. See “Risks related to Precious 
Metals” below. 
An investment in the ETC Securities linked to a Metal is not the same as investing directly and physically 
holding the relevant Metal. This is because while holding an inventory of physical precious metals may 
have certain economic benefits (for example, a jewellery firm could use a reserve of gold for the 
continuation of its operations), it also poses administrative burdens and costs, including those arising from 
the need to store, arrange security for or transport physical precious metals. These administrative burdens 
and costs may prove unattractive to purchasers who are interested solely in the price movement of 
precious metals. Each Series of ETC Securities permits a purchaser to obtain exposure to the prices of 
precious metals without being directly subject to these administrative burdens and costs (although a 
purchaser of ETC Securities will incur a fee represented by the deduction of the Product Fee in determining 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security). However, a purchaser of a product linked to precious metals can 
be indirectly exposed to the administrative burdens and costs mentioned above, as these may be reflected 
in the prices at which the precious metals can be bought and therefore in the price of the ETC Securities.  
Shortage of Physical Metal 
Metal markets, particularly in platinum and palladium, have the potential to suffer from market disruption 
or volatility caused by shortages of physical metal. Such events could result in sudden increases in Metal 
prices for a short period (also known as price spikes). Price spiking can also result in volatile forward rates 
and lease rates which could result in the bid/offer spread (the difference between the bid price (i.e. the 
price at which a holder can sell ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the 
price at which a holder can buy ETC Securities from the Authorised Participant)) on any stock exchange 
or market where the ETC Securities are traded to widen, reflecting short-term forward rates in the Metal. 
The recent growth of investment products offering investors an exposure to precious metals (including 
products similar to the ETC Securities and the ETC Securities themselves) may significantly change the 
supply and demand profile of the market from that which has traditionally prevailed. Changes in supply 
and demand for such investment products will directly impact on the supply and demand in the market for 
the underlying precious metals. This may have the effect of increasing volatility in the price and supply of 
the relevant previous metals. Such products require the purchase and sale of the relevant precious metal, 
and, depending on the success of such products, this may lead to a substantial increase in the volume of 
transactions. 
Liquidity Risk 
The market price of the ETC Securities will be a function of the supply and demand amongst investors 
wishing to buy and sell the ETC Securities and the bid/offer spread that market-makers are willing to quote 
for the ETC Securities on any relevant stock exchange or market. If there is a high level of demand for a 
relevant Series of ETC Securities then, other things remaining equal, those ETC Securities are likely to 
trade at a premium. Authorised Participants have the right (but not the obligation) to require the Issuer to 
issue further ETC Securities of a Series. If the Authorised Participants exercise such right, this will increase 
supply and would reduce any such premium. Purchasers who buy ETC Securities at a premium risk losing 
such premium if demand for such Series of ETC Securities abates, when new ETC Securities of an existing 
Series of ETC Securities are issued or new Metal is sold into the open market.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
  
Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts are calculated and paid irrespective of 
the current Metal price 
The Metal Agent will sell Underlying Metal during the Redemption Disposal Period and the prices obtained 
in such sales will affect the determination of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
(as applicable). During the Redemption Disposal Period, the Metal Agent will sell the Underlying Metal at 
the then-current Metal prices. Assuming all other factors remain constant, lower Metal prices during the 
Redemption Disposal Period will lead to a lower Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount. 
Purchasers may lose some or all of their investment if the relevant Underlying Metal falls in value (or does 
not perform well enough to offset the deduction of fees or, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, any 
foreign exchange hedge losses) — the greater the fall in value of the Underlying Metal, the greater the loss 
of a purchaser’s investment.  
No confirmation of the fineness or weight required by the standards of the LBMA or the LPPM 
None of the Trustee, the Determination Agent, the Secured Account Custodian or any applicable Sub-
Custodian independently confirms the fineness or weight of the Underlying Metal held in allocated form in 
the Secured Allocated Account. Such Underlying Metal may be different from the reported fineness or 
weight required by the relevant standards of the LBMA or the LPPM, as the case may be, for Metal to be 
delivered in settlement of a trade in such Metal, and any shortfall in the required fineness or weight of 
allocated Underlying Metal may adversely affect the value of the ETC Securities. 
Purchasing or selling activity in the market may cause temporary increases or decreases in 
the price of Metal, which may have an adverse effect on the value of the ETC Securities 
Purchasing activity associated with acquiring Metal required for the Authorised Participant to subscribe for 
ETC Securities of a relevant Series may temporarily increase the market price for the relevant Metal, which 
may result in a higher Value per ETC Security for certain periods of time. Other market participants may 
attempt to benefit from an increase in the market price of the relevant Metal due to increased purchasing 
activity of the relevant Metal connected with the issuance of new securities of a Series of ETC Securities 
which could result in a temporarily higher Value per ETC Security.  
Conversely, selling activity by the Issuer following the Final Redemption Valuation Date or, where relevant, 
an Early Redemption Valuation Date, may be observed and or predicted by other market participants who 
may attempt to benefit by purchasing any relevant Metal at artificially lower prices than would have 
occurred had no such Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date occurred or 
by short selling the relevant Metal (selling borrowed Metal with the intention of buying it back at a later date 
at a lower price), which may have the effect of lowering the price of the Metal.  
Impact of Foreign Exchange Hedging 
If a Series of ETC Securities is denominated in a currency other than the Metal Currency, the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security of such ETC Securities will include a currency hedging component to convert 
the value of the Metal denominated in the Metal Currency into the same currency as that in which the ETC 
Securities are denominated. For the purposes of the Conditions, such ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC 
Securities. The formula for calculation of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities will reflect the effect of a rolling currency hedge generally entered into on each Valuation Day. 
Such currency hedge typically involves the notional forward sale of the Metal Currency and purchase of 
the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated and is designed to reduce the exposure of the 
Metal (and, therefore, the ETC Securities) to exchange rate fluctuations between such currencies. 
However, such hedges do not fully eliminate exchange rate risks or fluctuations and, depending on 
movements in exchange rates, such currency hedging might have a negative impact on the Value per ETC 
Security.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
  
Suspension of Foreign Exchange Hedging 
If a Series of ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, in circumstances where the Balancing 
Agreement is either terminated by the Issuer as a result of (i) an event of default in respect of the Series 
Counterparty or (ii) a termination event where the Issuer or the Series Counterparty is the affected party 
or (iii) the Series Counterparty having delivered an optional termination notice, the Issuer may (but is not 
required to) suspend the determination of the Metal Entitlement per Security and Value per ETC Security 
by the Determination Agent for a period for up to 30 Business Days (such period, the “Suspension 
Period”), during which period the Issuer may (but is not required to) appoint an Eligible Series Counterparty 
to act as replacement Series Counterparty. During any such Suspension Period (and for so long as a 
replacement Series Counterparty is not appointed), the Issuer will not have a foreign exchange hedge in 
respect of the ETC Securities that would seek to reduce the exposure of the ETC Securities to exchange 
rate fluctuations between the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated and the currency in 
which the relevant Metal is quoted. Accordingly, Securityholders will not benefit from any foreign exchange 
gains that would otherwise have resulted in an increase in the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and 
therefore also an increase in the Value per ETC Security had the Issuer continued to maintain a foreign 
exchange hedge and had the Determination Agent continued to calculate the Metal Entitlement per 
Security and the Value per ETC Security. 
Metal held in unallocated accounts is not segregated from the Secured Account Custodian’s, 
the Subscription Account Custodian’s or Fee Account Custodian’s other assets in the case of 
insolvency 
Underlying Metal which is held as part of the subscription, redemption or buy-back process for any time in 
the Secured Unallocated Account or the Subscription Account will not give the Issuer proprietary rights to 
specific Metal bars, ingots or other metal shapes and the Issuer will be an unsecured creditor of the 
Secured Account Custodian (with respect to the amount of Underlying Metal held in the Secured 
Unallocated Account) or the Subscription Account Custodian (with respect to the amount of Underlying 
Metal held in the Subscription Account). In addition, if the Secured Account Custodian fails to allocate any 
Underlying Metal in a timely manner, in the proper amounts or otherwise in accordance with the terms of 
the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts or if the Sub-Custodian of the Secured Account Custodian 
fails to segregate Underlying Metal held on behalf of the Secured Account Custodian, then such Underlying 
Metal would be in unallocated form, and the Issuer would be an unsecured creditor of the Secured Account 
Custodian with respect to the amount of Underlying Metal so held in the event of an insolvency of the 
Secured Account Custodian. In the event that the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account 
Custodian becomes insolvent, the Secured Account Custodian’s assets or the Subscription Account 
Custodian’s assets (as applicable) may not be sufficient to satisfy a claim by the Issuer or the Trustee for 
the amount of Underlying Metal held in the Secured Unallocated Account or Subscription Account (as 
applicable).  
In the event of an insolvency of the Secured Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian, a liquidator may 
seek to freeze access to any allocated Metal held by the Issuer via the Secured Account Custodian or any 
such Sub-Custodian, and even though title could be properly ascertained to belong to the Issuer, the Issuer 
could incur expenses in connection with asserting such claims.  
There can be no assurance that such insolvency events will not occur and purchasers should be aware 
that, should such an event occur, it may lead to an early redemption of the ETC Securities. As the Early 
Metal Redemption Amount (which forms part of the Early Redemption Amount) is calculated and paid 
irrespective of the current Metal price, Securityholders may lose some or all of their investment if during 
the Redemption Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Metal held in the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account (which shall be 
equal to the Costs Amount in respect of each Subscription Order) shall not form part of the Secured Assets.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
  
Certain Metal held in the Subscription Account and all Metal held in the Subscription/Buy-
Back Fee Account is not secured in favour of the Trustee in respect of a Series of ETC 
Securities 
In advance of an issue of ETC Securities to an Authorised Participant, such Authorised Participant will 
deliver (i) Metal in an amount equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount to the Issuer’s Subscription 
Account and (ii) Metal in an amount equal to the Costs Amount to the Issuer’s Subscription/Buy-Back Fee 
Account in satisfaction of its obligation to transfer Metal to the Issuer in respect of each ETC Security to 
be issued. Upon the issue of such ETC Securities to the relevant Authorised Participant, the Metal 
transferred to the Subscription Account will form part of the Secured Property with respect to such Series 
of ETC Securities and upon notification to the Subscription Account Custodian of such issue of ETC 
Securities, shall be transferred by the Subscription Account Custodian to the Secured Accounts. 
Unallocated Metal credited to the Subscription Account only forms part of the Secured Property with 
respect to such Series of ETC Securities following the issue of ETC Securities in respect of the Subscription 
Order to which such Metal relates and prior to such issue of ETC Securities, will not be available to the 
Trustee on behalf of the Securityholders of such Series of ETC Securities upon any enforcement of the 
Security with respect to such Series of ETC Securities. The Metal transferred to the Subscription/Buy-Back 
Fee Account shall not form part of the Secured Property with respect to such Series of ETC Securities and 
upon notification to the Fee Account Custodian of such issue of ETC Securities, shall be transferred by the 
Fee Account Custodian to the Series Counterparty. 
Reliance on the records of the Secured Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian and 
the Subscription Account Custodian 
The definitive records of the Secured Account Custodian in respect of the Secured Unallocated Account 
and the Secured Allocated Account, of the Subscription Account Custodian in respect of the Subscription 
Account and of the Fee Account Custodian in respect of the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account are 
prepared by members of their bullion operations teams and their computer systems which track the amount 
of Metal and Underlying Metal in each account for each relevant Series of ETC Securities. In the event 
that there are computer system failures or human error making any relevant entries to the records, then in 
the event of an insolvency of the Secured Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian or the 
Subscription Account Custodian it may be difficult to determine the accuracy of any entries and such 
determination may take significant time. Such event may result in the Securityholders losing some or all of 
their investment if the such determination will take significant time or is unable to be made. 
Disruption of markets on which precious metals are traded 
Any disruption to the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or the LPPM (as relevant) or the primary 
exchange or trading facility for trading of the relevant Metal can affect the price of such Metal and the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. Markets, exchanges and trading facilities have the potential to 
suffer from market disruption, due to trading failures or other events. Such events could result in a failure 
to price the Metal and this may result in non-calculation and non-publication of the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security and/or the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. This may also result in the early 
redemption of the ETC Securities at their Early Redemption Amount. As the Early Metal Redemption 
Amount is calculated and paid irrespective of the current Metal price, Securityholders may lose some or 
all of their investment if during the Redemption Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
Disruption of foreign exchange markets 
In respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, any disruption to the trading in foreign exchange contracts 
between the currency of the Metal and the currency in which the Series of ETC Securities are denominated 
or the non-publication of foreign exchange rates can affect the price of such foreign exchange contracts 
and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. Such disruption could result in non-calculation and 
non-publication of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and/or the Value per ETC Security of the ETC 
Securities for the period of disruption. This may also result in the early redemption of the ETC Securities

--- Page 47 ---
47 
  
at their Early Redemption Amount. As the Early Metal Redemption Amount is calculated and paid 
irrespective of the current Metal price, Securityholders may lose some or all of their investment if during 
the Redemption Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
VAT might become chargeable on transfers of Metal 
If VAT were to be due on transfers of Metal to or by the Issuer (on a subscription, buy-back, redemption or 
on a transfer under the relevant Balancing Agreement or any disposal by the Metal Agent, including to pay 
expenses of the Issuer), there may be an obligation to register and account for any VAT due in respect of 
transfers of Metal. If the Issuer is required to make payments in respect of VAT or required to account for 
VAT in respect of transfers of Metal, this may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the ETC Securities in full.  Purchasers should be aware that, should such an event occur, it may 
lead to an early redemption of the ETC Securities at their Early Redemption Amount. As the Early Metal 
Redemption Amount (which forms part of the Early Redemption Amount) is calculated and paid irrespective 
of the current Metal price, Securityholders may lose some or all of their investment if during the Redemption 
Disposal Period, the Underlying Metal falls in value. 
In respect of ETC Securities where the relevant Metal is investment gold (as defined for VAT purposes), 
the Issuer will not be required to charge UK VAT on any transfers by it of investment gold and may accept 
delivery of investment gold without attracting a VAT liability.  
In respect of ETC Securities where the relevant Metal is gold (other than investment gold) or is silver, on 
the basis of the “black box“ agreement that HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) have entered into with the 
LBMA (the most recent version dated as of 2013) transfers of gold (other than investment gold) or silver 
by and to the Issuer will be treated as zero rated supplies for UK VAT purposes, provided that the gold 
(other than investment gold) or silver remains in the control of an LBMA member firm. In the case of 
platinum and palladium, the LPPM has agreed under the same agreement with HMRC that the terms of 
the LBMA black box agreement can be applied to dealings in platinum and palladium and that transfers to 
or from an LPPM member firm can be treated as zero rated supplies, provided that the platinum or 
palladium does not leave the control of the LPPM member firm.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a full member firm of the LPPM and market making member firm of the 
LBMA and any replacement for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Secured Account Custodian, Fee Account 
Custodian and Subscription Account Custodian must also be a full member of the Relevant Association 
(where applicable). The Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account and the Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account each 
provide that any Sub-Custodian must be a full member of the Relevant Association (where applicable). In 
addition, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any valid Subscription Order or Buy-Back Order under the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement is subject to the condition precedent that the relevant Metal will 
not cease to be held in the vault of a Member of the Relevant Association in England as a result of the 
transfer between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant and that any delivery shall be loco London. The 
Issuer shall also not be required to make delivery of any Metal to the Series Counterparty under the relevant 
Balancing Agreement where the Series Counterparty is not itself a Member of the Relevant Association, 
unless to a custodian of the Series Counterparty that is a Member of the Relevant Association to its vaults 
in London. Accordingly, any transfers of Metal required in relation to the ETC Securities should therefore 
not result in Metal leaving the vault of a Member of the Relevant Association, prior to the occurrence of an 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date.  
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, 
provided that the Metal Agent sells the Underlying Metal to a Member of the Relevant Association, the 
Metal should not leave the control of a Member of the Relevant Association. However, whilst the Metal 
Agent is under a general obligation to use reasonable efforts to minimise VAT, it is not obliged to sell to a 
Member of a Relevant Association and may (i) sell to itself or an Affiliate of it (provided in doing so it also 
complies with the more specific obligations in (ii)) or (ii) to the extent that such a person is willing to

--- Page 48 ---
48 
  
purchase at a fair market price and to the extent that such a person would minimise the VAT which may 
be charged, sell either to (x) a member of a Relevant Association (provided that the Underlying Metal does 
not leave the control of a member of the Relevant Association as a result of such sale) or (y) a central bank 
or supranational organisation considered by the Metal Agent in the reasonable exercise of its discretion to 
be active in the market for such Metal (provided that any such central bank or supranational organisation 
would not be deemed to be engaged in a commercial activity in connection with such sale). To the extent 
any VAT arises, this might reduce the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount.  
The Terminal Markets Order (“TMO”) which allows for the ‘black box’ arrangement outlined above has 
been successfully challenged by the European Commission in the European Court of Justice (the “CJEU”).  
Under normal circumstances, the UK would need to review and amend its VAT provisions to affect the 
CJEU judgment. This would normally involve a period of consultation with relevant stakeholders before 
any change is implemented from a prospective date. In light of the UK’s withdrawal as a member of the 
European Union, it is understood that the UK tax authorities are considering what changes, if any, need to 
be made to the current VAT rules governing the sale and purchase of physical precious metal. It is highly 
likely that any change will be announced as part of the wider VAT and Financial Services review which the 
UK tax authorities have indicated they wish to undertake. This review has as yet not commenced. 
Tax risks  
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of 
the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the 
“Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive”) on 12 July 2016.  
The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the “Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2”) on 29 
May 2017, amending the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive, to provide for minimum standards for counteracting 
hybrid mismatches involving EU member states, the UK and third countries.  
EU member states and the UK had until 31 December 2018 to implement the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
(subject to derogations for EU member states which have equivalent measures in their domestic law) and 
until 31 December 2019 to implement the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 (except for measures relating to 
reverse hybrid mismatches, which must have been implemented by 31 December 2021).  
The Directives contain various measures that could, depending on their implementation in Ireland, 
potentially result in certain payments made by the Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible. This could increase 
the Issuer’s liability to tax and decreases amounts available to make payments under the ETC Securities.  
There are two measures of particular relevance. 
Firstly, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive provides for an “interest limitation rule” which restricts the 
deductible interest of an entity to the higher of: (a) EUR 3,000,000 (assuming implementation includes this 
derogation); or (b) 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. However, 
the interest limitation only applies to the net borrowing costs of an entity (being the amount by which its 
borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable revenues). 
This measure has been introduced in Ireland with effect for accounting periods commencing on or after 1 
January 2022. These new rules may not impact the Issuer if it does not have excess borrowing costs or if 
it qualifies as a “single company worldwide group”, as defined in the implementing legislation. The 
provisions are not currently anticipated to negatively impact deductibility for payments on the ETC 
Securities; however, there remains some uncertainty in relation to the interpretation of these new rules and 
no guidance has yet been issued by the Irish Revenue Commissioners in relation to the application of the 
rules so any potential impact on the Issuer will continue to be monitored.  
Secondly, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (as amended by the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2) provides 
for hybrid mismatch rules. These rules apply in Ireland with effect from 1 January 2020 and are designed

--- Page 49 ---
49 
  
to neutralise arrangements where amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable 
for another, or the same amounts are deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply to the 
Issuer where: (i) the interest that it pays under the ETC Securities, and claims deductions for, is not brought 
into account as taxable income by the relevant holder of the ETC Securities, either because of the 
characterisation of the ETC Securities, or the payments made under them, or because of the nature of the 
holder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the Issuer and an 
associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement. Associated for these purposes includes direct or 
indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital ownership of 25 per cent. or more or an entitlement 
to receive 25 per cent. or more of the profits of that entity as well as entities that are part of the same 
consolidated group for financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a significant influence in the 
management of the tax payer. The provisions are not anticipated to negatively impact deductibility for 
payments on the ETC Securities. 
Financial Transaction Tax 
In 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transaction tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia. In December 2015 Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce 
the FTT (the “Participating Member States”).  
The proposed FTT had very broad scope, possibly applying to dealings in the ETC Securities (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the (still) Participating Member States; 
the scope of any such tax and its adoption are uncertain. Additional EU member states may decide to 
participate.  
Until recently, the FTT proposal was at a standstill at the level of the European Council. Following the 
meeting of the Council of the EU of 14 June 2019, the FTT currently being considered by the Participating 
Member States would be levied on the acquisition of shares or similar instruments of listed companies 
which have their head office in a member state of the EU or the UK (and market capitalisation in excess of 
€1 billion on 1 December of the preceding year), rather than on any type of financial instrument. In order 
to reach a final agreement among the Participating Member States, further work in the Council and its 
preparatory bodies will be required in order to ensure that the competences, rights and obligations of non-
participating EU member states and the UK are respected.  
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted and depending on the final terms and scope of the 
FTT, transactions on the ETC Securities could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market 
for the ETC Securities may be diminished.  
Prospective holders of the ETC Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT and its potential impact on their dealings in the ETC Securities before investing.  
Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
International fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and recently the pace of change 
has increased due to a number of developments. In particular a number of changes of law and practice 
are occurring as a result of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting project (“BEPS”). 
In July 2013 the OECD published its Action Plan on BEPS, which proposed fifteen actions intended to 
counter international tax base erosion and profit shifting. On 5 October 2015 the OECD released its final 
recommendations. On 24 November 2016, more than 100 jurisdictions (including the UK and Ireland) 
concluded negotiations on a multilateral convention that is intended to implement a number of BEPS 
related measures swiftly. The multilateral convention has now been signed by over 75 jurisdictions 
(including the UK and Ireland). It entered into force on 1 July 2018. The date from which provisions of the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
  
multilateral convention have effect in relation to a treaty depends on several factors including the type of 
tax which the relevant treaty article relates to. Purchasers should note that some of the action points (such 
as Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing costs) may be implemented in a manner which 
adversely affects the tax position of the Issuer. 
Risks related to Precious Metals  
Risks relating to the performance of a precious metal 
Precious metals markets have historically displayed recurring periods of rising prices (bull markets) and 
falling prices (bear markets). These periods have tended to last for a significant period of time. For 
example, the last lengthy bear market persisted for approximately 25 years. In 1998, prices in a number of 
precious metals were at, or near, all-time lows. Since 1998, precious metals markets had generally 
experienced a period of rising prices, despite price corrections in 2008 and 2011. Prospective purchasers 
should be aware of the risk that precious metals markets may be entering a longer period of falling prices, 
which would have a negative effect on the Value per ETC Security and the market price of the ETC 
Securities, and which period may persist for the remaining term of the ETC Securities. Prospective 
purchasers should be aware that any such price fall may be rapid.  
The performance of a precious metal is dependent upon various factors, including (without limitation) 
supply and demand, liquidity, natural disasters, direct investment costs, location, changes in tax rates and 
changes in laws, regulations and the activities of governmental or regulatory bodies, each as set out in 
more detail below. Precious metal prices tend to be more volatile than most other asset categories, making 
investments in precious metals riskier and more complex than other investments. Some of the factors 
affecting the price of precious metals are: 
(i) 
Supply and demand. Precious metals are typically considered a finite rather than a renewable 
resource. If supplies of a precious metal increase the price of the precious metal will typically fall 
and vice versa if all other factors remain constant. Similarly, if demand for a precious metal 
increases the price of the precious metal will typically increase and vice versa if all other factors 
remain constant. The planning and management of precious metal supplies is very time-consuming. 
This means that the scope for action on the supply side is limited and it is not always possible to 
adjust production swiftly to take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. 
Transport costs for precious metals in regions where they are needed also affect their prices. In 
relation to the use of precious metals in jewellery and/or for other non-industrial uses, substitutes 
may become more accepted over time. In relation to the use of precious metals in industrial 
processes, alternatives or substitutes may be identified, become cheaper and/or more readily 
available. In both cases, this may result in a decrease in the demand for such precious metal and a 
decrease in the price thereof. 
(ii) 
Liquidity. Not all markets in precious metals are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react to 
changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few market participants in the precious 
metals markets means that speculative investments can have negative consequences and may 
distort prices. 
(iii) 
Natural disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters can influence the supply of certain precious 
metals. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable price fluctuations. 
(iv) 
Covid-19. Diseases and epidemics (including the measures to contain them, such as quarantines 
or other restrictive measures) can also influence the prices of certain precious metals. In particular, 
the rapid spread of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) throughout 2020, 2021 and early 2022 has 
resulted in a significant deterioration of the global economic and financial situation and in increased 
volatility in the prices of such precious metals, which may in turn have a negative impact on the 
Value per ETC Security and accordingly the market price of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
  
(v) 
Direct investment costs. Direct investments in precious metals involve storage, security, 
insurance and tax costs. Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on precious metals. The returns 
from investments in precious metals are therefore influenced by these factors. 
(vi) 
Location. Precious metals are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand coming 
principally from industrialised nations. The political and economic situation is, however, far less 
stable in many emerging market countries than in the developed world. They are generally much 
more susceptible to the risks of rapid political change and economic setbacks. Political crises can 
affect purchaser confidence, which can, as a consequence, affect precious metal prices. Armed 
conflicts can also impact on the supply and demand for certain precious metals. It is also possible 
for industrialised nations to impose embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. This 
can directly and indirectly impact precious metal prices. Furthermore, precious metal producers may 
establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and influence prices. 
(vii) 
Changes in tax rates. Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative 
impact on the profit margins of precious metal producers. When these costs are passed on to 
purchasers, these changes will affect prices. 
(viii) 
Changes in exchange rates and interest rates. Changes in exchange rates and interest rates 
may have a positive or negative impact on the price, demand, production costs, direct investment 
costs of precious metals and the returns from investments in precious metals are therefore 
influenced by and may be correlated to these factors. 
(ix) 
Laws, regulation and action of regulatory bodies. Changes in law and regulation and/or the 
action of any applicable government or regulatory body may have a positive or a negative impact 
on precious metal prices and on any of the factors listed above. 
The Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities will be affected by movements in precious metal prices 
generally and by the way in which those prices affect the Metal to which the ETC Securities are linked. 
Crises may precipitate large-scale sell-offs of Metal which could lead to a fall in the Metal price 
and consequently a decrease in the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities 
The possibility of large-scale distressed sales of Metal in times of crisis may have a short to medium term 
effect on the price of the Metal and adversely affect the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. For 
example, the 1998 Asian financial crisis led to individuals selling gold which in turn caused the gold price 
to become depressed. Similar events could occur in the future. 
Sales of Metal by national and supranational organisations could adversely affect the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities 
Central banks, other government agencies and supranational organisations, such as the International 
Monetary Fund, that buy, sell and hold precious metals as part of their reserve assets may decide to sell 
a portion of their assets, which are not normally subject to use in the open market via swaps or leases or 
mobilised in other ways. A number of central banks, including the Bank of England, have sold significant 
portions of their gold in the past, which means that governmental and supranational organisations could 
be net suppliers to the open market. If there are sales of gold or other precious metals by the public sector 
to the private sector there may be a glut of supply over demand, leading to a lower price on the open 
market for a relevant precious metal and consequently a decrease in the Value per ETC Security of a 
relevant Series of ETC Securities.  
Further, as the price of some precious metals are correlated to some extent (i.e. there is some linkage in 
the prices of the precious metals – for example, an increase in the price of gold might also lead to an 
increase in the price of platinum as they are both seen by the financial markets as ways to hedge against 
inflation), a significant sale, for instance, of gold by central banks, other government agencies or

--- Page 52 ---
52 
  
supranational organisations could lead to a decline in the market price of other precious metals and 
consequently a decrease in the Value per ETC Security of a relevant Series of ETC Securities. 
Risks relating to the Metal Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription 
Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian and relevant Sub-Custodians, the 
Account Bank and Authorised Participants 
Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Metal Agent in respect 
of the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the ETC Securities depends on the receipt by it (or 
the Issuing Agent on its behalf) of the net proceeds of the liquidation of Underlying Metal from the Metal 
Agent shortly before the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Early Redemption Date (as applicable). 
If the Metal Agent does not pay in full the amount payable under the Metal Agent Agreement when due in 
connection with the redemption of the ETC Securities the Security under the ETC Securities may become 
enforceable. However, if, following realisation in full of the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in 
Condition 5, there are any outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of such ETC Securities which 
remain unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in 
respect thereof. In such circumstances purchasers of the ETC Securities may not receive back their 
investment and may receive zero. Therefore, Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the 
creditworthiness of the Metal Agent in respect of the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal.  
Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian (and/or any relevant Sub-Custodian) 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations with respect to the ETC Securities will be dependent upon receipt 
by the Issuer of deliveries from the Secured Account Custodian (and of the deliveries from the Subscription 
Account Custodian to the Secured Account Custodian) and performance by the Secured Account 
Custodian of its obligations under the relevant Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and the 
Subscription Account Custodian of its obligations under the relevant Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account. Consequently, the Securityholders are also relying on the creditworthiness of the 
Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian (and/or any relevant Sub-Custodian). In 
the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account 
Custodian (or any relevant Sub-Custodian), there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain 
delivery of and/or realise the property held with the Secured Account Custodian, Subscription Account 
Custodian or relevant Sub-Custodian on a timely basis. In addition, although in the accounts of the Secured 
Account Custodian maintained for the Issuer the Secured Account Custodian is required to segregate any 
allocated Metal with respect to one Series of ETC Securities from any Metal held for any other Series of 
ETC Securities and from any assets held in other client accounts or for their own account, Securityholders 
will be at risk if the Secured Account Custodian does not, in practice, maintain such a segregation. Similar 
issues may arise with respect to any Sub-Custodian used. 
Custody and Insurance  
All Underlying Metal held in allocated form will be held by the Secured Account Custodian or applicable 
Sub-Custodian in each case in its vaults in London. Access to such Underlying Metal could be restricted 
by, without limitation, natural events, such as earthquakes or diseases and epidemics (including the 
measures to contain them, such as quarantines or other restrictive measures in connection with the rapid 
spread of COVID-19), or human activities, such as political protests or terrorist attacks. 
None of the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian 
or any relevant Sub-Custodian will have any duty or obligation to insure any Metal held or received by it 
against any risk (including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery). Neither the Secured 
Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian nor the Subscription Account Custodian will be liable to

--- Page 53 ---
53 
  
the Issuer or any Securityholder or any other person for any loss or destruction or depreciation in the value 
of any Metal held or received by it, or (in the case of Underlying Metal in allocated form) held by a Sub-
Custodian for it, unless such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Secured Account 
Custodian’s, the Fee Account Custodian’s or the Subscription Account Custodian’s negligence, fraud, bad 
faith or wilful misconduct. Neither the Secured Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian nor the 
Subscription Account Custodian is responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third 
party including in the case of the Secured Account Custodian (but not limited to), any Sub-Custodian. The 
Secured Account Custodian will only be responsible for losses suffered by the Issuer as a direct result of 
its negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the appointment and monitoring of any non-affiliated Sub-
Custodian. Otherwise, the Secured Account Custodian is not liable for any act or omission, or for the 
solvency, of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian. The Trustee shall not be responsible for ensuring that 
adequate insurance arrangements have been made and in particular for insuring any Metal in any 
unallocated or allocated accounts or making any enquiry regarding such matters.  
Therefore, there is a risk that Underlying Metal held in allocated form could be lost, damaged or stolen and 
the Issuer would not be able to fully satisfy its obligations in respect of the ETC Securities, all other factors 
remaining constant. The Issuer cannot expect to receive an amount of unallocated Metal equal to this 
shortfall from the Series Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement. The Securityholders do not have 
the right under the Conditions to assert a direct claim of the Issuer against the Secured Account Custodian, 
the Subscription Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian or any applicable Sub-Custodian, and 
such claims may only be asserted by the Issuer (subject to any applicable assignment of the rights of the 
Issuer under any relevant Transaction Document). The Issuer is likely to have no, or only extremely limited 
direct rights against any Sub-Custodian, as the Sub-Custodian effectively acts for the Secured Account 
Custodian. 
The relevant Sub-Custodian may, but is not obliged to, have such insurance as is considered customary 
for its business but neither the Issuer nor the Secured Account Custodian will be a beneficiary of any 
insurance policy held by the relevant Sub-Custodian in respect of any Metal held in its custody. 
Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Account Bank  
On early or final redemption, the Metal Agent will dispose of Underlying Metal held by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and pay the aggregate proceeds of such disposals (converted, if necessary, into the currency of the 
ETC Securities) to the Series Cash Account maintained by the Account Bank in relation to the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities. As such, the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations with respect to the ETC 
Securities will be dependent on its access to the proceeds credited to the Series Cash Account maintained 
with the Account Bank and Securityholders will therefore be exposed to the credit risk of the Account Bank. 
Risks relating to the Authorised Participants 
If an Authorised Participant fails to settle a buy-back and does not deliver the relevant ETC Securities in 
circumstances where the Issuer has instructed the Secured Account Custodian to de-allocate a portion of 
the Underlying Metal in anticipation of settling such buy-back, until the settlement or cancellation of such 
buy-back, a greater proportion of the Underlying Metal would be held in unallocated form than would have 
been the case had the settlement of the buy-back occurred on the scheduled settlement day. Underlying 
Metal held in unallocated form is subject to the risks described in the risk factor entitled “Metal held in 
unallocated accounts is not segregated from the Secured Account Custodian’s, the Subscription Account 
Custodian’s or Fee Account Custodian’s other assets in the case of insolvency” above.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
  
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
DWS International GmbH 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, DWS International GmbH is the Programme Administrator. 
However, in connection with ongoing or future restructuring and/or reorganisations within the DWS Group, 
it is possible that some of the roles currently performed by DWS International GmbH may be novated, 
delegated or otherwise transferred to a different entity within the DWS Group without the prior written 
consent of Securityholders or the Trustee, provided that it is legally permitted to make such novation, 
delegation or transfer. DWS International GmbH acting through any of its branches or Affiliates may also 
be an Authorised Participant in relation to a Series of ETC Securities. DWS International GmBH has been, 
or may be, appointed to act as a distributing entity in respect of the ETC Securities. Where DWS 
International GmbH also acts as a distributing entity on behalf of other products, it may lead DWS 
International GmbH to prefer the execution of placement business in respect of those other products.  
Subject always to their regulatory obligations in performing each or any of these roles, DWS entities do 
not act on behalf of, or accept any duty of care or any fiduciary duty to, any Securityholder. Each relevant 
DWS entity will pursue actions and take steps that it deems appropriate to protect its interests without 
regard to the consequences for the purchasers of the ETC Securities or any other person. 
A DWS entity and/or its Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making activities and may hold long 
or short positions in any Metal, other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the Metal, 
Metal for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. DWS entities may also 
issue securities or enter into financial instruments in relation to any Metal. To the extent that any DWS 
entity, directly or through its Affiliates, serves as issuer, agent, manager, sponsor or underwriter of such 
securities or other instruments, its interests with respect to such products may be adverse to those of the 
Securityholders. Such activities may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC 
Securities and/or the value of the Underlying Metal relating to the ETC Securities. 
DWS entities may be entitled to receive fees or other payments pursuant to products linked to the Metal to 
which the ETC Securities relate or otherwise and to exercise all rights, including rights of termination or 
resignation, which they may have, even though so doing may have a detrimental effect on purchasers of 
the ETC Securities. 
DWS entities may, from time to time, by virtue of their activities, possess or have access to information 
relating to the Metal and/or the other Transaction Parties. 
There is no obligation on any DWS entity to disclose to any purchaser of the ETC Securities any such 
information. 
Any relevant research carried out by a DWS entity may or may not be considered by DWS International 
GmbH when DWS International GmbH is trading for its own account or those of its customers, as the case 
may be. These, or other transactions in which DWS International GmbH engages for its account, may be 
conducted in a manner inconsistent with the research related to the Metal. 
Any DWS entity may, as an issuer or counterparty of precious metal linked obligations or transactions, 
engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of adverse price movements that may 
impact on the price of the Metal on any particular day, meaning it may be different from the price which it 
would otherwise have been, whether directly or indirectly. Such activities may have an adverse effect on 
the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
Other Transaction Parties 
Transaction Parties and/or their respective Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making activities 
and may hold long or short positions in the Metal, in foreign exchange and in other financial instruments

--- Page 55 ---
55 
  
or products based on or related to the Metal for their own accounts or for other accounts under their 
management. Transaction Parties and their Affiliates may also issue securities or enter into financial 
instruments in relation to the Metal or foreign exchange. Such activities could present certain conflicts of 
interest, could adversely affect the price and liquidity of any component of the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security, and may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may be entitled to receive fees or other payments under or in 
connection with other products linked to the Metal or foreign exchange to which the ETC Securities relate 
or otherwise and to exercise all rights, including rights of termination or resignation, which they may have, 
even though so doing may have a detrimental effect on purchasers of the ETC Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, from time to time, by virtue of such activities and their status 
as underwriter, adviser or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Metal or foreign 
exchange and/or the other Transaction Parties. There is no obligation on any Transaction Party to disclose 
to any purchaser of the ETC Securities any such information. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, as an issuer or counterparty of precious metal linked 
obligations or transactions, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of adverse price 
movements that may impact on the prices of the Metal on any particular day, meaning it may be different 
from the level which it would otherwise have been, whether directly or indirectly. Such activities may have 
an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
  
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
All documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been filed with the Central Bank. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(i) 
the directors’ report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2019 to 30 
September 2020; and 
(ii) 
the directors’ report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2020 to 30 
September 2021.  
Such documents shall be incorporated into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained herein or in a document incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in 
any subsequently filed document which also is incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes 
such statement. Any such statement modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus. Any documents which are incorporated by reference 
into the documents listed above shall not constitute part of this Base Prospectus. 
The above documents are available on the following websites (or such other website as may be notified to 
Securityholders): 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2019 to 30 September 
2020 
https://etf.dws.com/en-gb/information/etc-documents/annual-reports/ 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 
2021 
https://etf.dws.com/en-gb/information/etc-documents/annual-reports/

--- Page 57 ---
57 
  
OVERVIEW OF THE POTENTIAL FOR DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
ISSUER, THE METAL AGENT, THE PROGRAMME ADMINISTRATOR AND THE SERIES 
COUNTERPARTY 
Under the terms and conditions of the ETC Securities and/or the Transaction Documents, following the 
occurrence of certain events, the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or the Series 
Counterparty (as applicable) may exercise discretion to take one or more actions available to it in order to 
deal with the impact of such events on the ETC Securities. Any such discretionary determination by the 
Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or the Series Counterparty could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on the ETC Securities and (amongst other things) could result in their 
early redemption.  
This overview provides a high-level summary of the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary 
determination by the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or the Series Counterparty 
and the actions available to them to deal with the impact of such events.  
This overview does not purport to be complete or comprehensive and the specific events and available 
actions will vary depending on whether the ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities or not. A 
prospective purchaser of ETC Securities should read the Conditions of the ETC Securities (set out in 
“Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” of this Base Prospectus below) together with the 
relevant Final Terms which will specify the particular elections. In the event of any conflict between this 
overview and the terms and conditions of the ETC Securities, the terms and conditions of the ETC 
Securities shall prevail. 
Terms used but not defined in this section have the meaning given to them in the Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
1 
What are the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination: 
 
by the Issuer, the Programme Administrator or the Series Counterparty? 
1.1.1 
Events affecting the ETC Securities and the Underlying Metal. 
1.1.2 
In the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, events affecting the FX hedging arrangements 
under the Balancing Agreement. 
 
by the Metal Agent? 
In realising the Underlying Metal during the Redemption Disposal Period following an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date.  
2 
If such an event occurs, what are the discretionary determinations that the Issuer, the Metal Agent, 
the Programme Administrator or the Series Counterparty may take? 
Broadly, depending on the terms of the particular issue of ETC Securities (and bearing in mind that different 
terms apply to FX Hedged ETC Securities), the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or 
the Series Counterparty (as applicable) may take one or more of the following actions in order to deal with 
the effect of the events outlined below.  
 
Adjustments:  
2.1.1 
Successor Reference Rate. Where a Reference Rate has been replaced by a Successor 
Reference Rate, the Issuer may make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities as it determines necessary or desirable to account for the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate and/or to preserve 
as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the ETC Securities before and after the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
  
2.1.2 
Reference Rate Event. If a Reference Rate Event has occurred and a Reference Rate has 
been replaced by a Replacement Reference Rate, the Issuer may make such adjustments 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of ETC Securities as it determines 
necessary or desirable to account for the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread (if any)), and/or to 
preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the ETC Securities before 
and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread (if any)). See the Table in paragraph 9 below for further 
detail on the various Reference Rate Events.  
2.1.3 
Regulatory Requirement Event. If the Programme Administrator determines that a 
Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred, it may notify the Issuer of any modifications 
that it determines are required to be made to the Conditions and/or any Transaction 
Document (except for the Authorised Participant Agreement) and the Issuer shall, without 
the consent of the Trustee or the Securityholders, promptly make those modifications, subject 
to certain conditions.  
2.1.4 
Determination Agent. If (A) the Determination Agent’s appointment is terminated in 
connection with a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event or (B) the Determination Agent 
resigns or its appointment is terminated and it fails to perform its duties and obligations in the 
period prior to the date of its effective resignation or termination, then the Programme 
Administrator (as an agent of the Issuer) shall on a temporary basis (until such time as a 
replacement Determination Agent is appointed) apply the provisions of the Determination 
Agent Agreement and the Conditions, with any necessary consequential amendments, to the 
extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects, in such manner as it deems 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances.  
 
Determination of Metal Entitlement: 
Disruption Events. If a “Disruption Event” occurs on the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, such date shall be postponed for up to 10 Scheduled Valuation Days 
after which, if no Valuation Day has occurred, the Programme Administrator (or, in the case of FX 
Hedged ETC Securities, the Programme Administrator or, in certain circumstances, the Series 
Counterparty) may determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at such postponed Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date by applying the relevant formula 
for the determination thereof but using such estimates of any component for which a value is not 
available as it deems fit and making such adjustments as it, in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, deems necessary to take into account the economic effect of the Disrupted 
Days. See the Table in paragraph 9 below for further detail on the various types of Disruption Events.  
 
Postponement of Maturity or Redemption:  
2.3.1 
Disruption Events. If, as a result of a Disruption Event, one or more Disrupted Days occur 
on any day in the period between the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption 
Valuation Date (as the case may be) to the sixth Business Day prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Scheduled Early Redemption Date (as the case may be), then the Programme 
Administrator may postpone the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption 
Date by up to such maximum number of days as equal to the number of Disrupted Days in 
this period. See the Table in paragraph 9 below for further detail on the various types of 
Disruption Events.  
2.3.2 
Year-end Series Account Cash Balance. If, as a result of a redemption disposal in 
connection with an Early Redemption Event or final redemption, the proceeds from the 
realisation of the Underlying Metal would cause the balance standing to the Series Cash 
Account to exceed the maximum amount that can be held in such Series Cash Account

--- Page 59 ---
59 
  
during the “Year-End Period”, then the Programme Administrator may postpone the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date by such number of days after 
the Year-End Period as determined by the Programme Administrator in its sole discretion as 
necessary for the Metal Agent to transfer to relevant proceeds to the Series Cash Account 
and for the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, to be paid 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such Year-End Period.  
 
Substitution of Rates:  
2.4.1 
Successor Reference Rate. Where the Reference Rate has been replaced by a Successor 
Reference Rate, such Successor Reference Rate shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate 
if determined to be acceptable to the Programme Administrator (and the Series Counterparty 
in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities).  
2.4.2 
Reference Rate. If a Reference Rate Event occurs, then the Programme Administrator shall 
substitute the Reference Rate with such index, benchmark or other price (being the 
“Replacement Reference Rate” and, if applicable, replacement Price Source and as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread (if any)) (i) as designated or recommended by the 
sponsor or administrator of the Reference Rate (or any Relevant Nominating Body) or (ii) in 
certain circumstances, as determined by the Programme Administrator to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative. See the Table in paragraph 9 below for further detail on the various 
Reference Rate Events.  
 
Replacement of Series Counterparty: 
Series Counterparty. If the Balancing Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances (i.e. the 
Series Counterparty delivers a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice or the Issuer 
delivers a Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice or either party delivers a Balancing 
Agreement Termination Event Notice under the Balancing Agreement), then the Issuer may appoint 
a replacement Series Counterparty and/or call a Suspension Period (as discussed in 2.6 below). If 
a replacement Series Counterparty is not appointed within a specified timeframe or if the Issuer 
chooses not to appoint a replacement Series Counterparty, then an Early Redemption Event in the 
form of a Balancing Agreement Redemption Event will occur and the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities will be redeemed early in accordance with the Conditions.  
 
Suspension of determination of the Metal Entitlement and Value per ETC Security:  
Balancing Agreement Termination. If the Balancing Agreement is terminated in the 
circumstances discussed in paragraph 2.5 above, the Issuer may suspend the determination of the 
Metal Entitlement per Security and Value per ETC Security for a Suspension Period of up to 30 
Business Days, during which time the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) appoint a replacement 
Series Counterparty.  
 
Early Redemption:  
Early Redemption Events. If there is an Issuer Call Redemption Event, Issuer Change in Law or 
Regulation Redemption Event or a VAT Redemption Event or the Balancing Agreement is 
terminated in the circumstances discussed in paragraph 2.5 above, the Issuer may redeem the ETC 
Securities early by payment of the Early Redemption Amount plus Specified Interest Amount at the 
Scheduled Early Redemption Date instead of the Final Redemption Amount plus the Specified 
Interest Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. See the Table in paragraph 9 below for further 
detail on each of the Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event or VAT Redemption 
Event.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
  
 
Realisation of Underlying Metal:  
Redemption Disposal Period. If an Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption 
Valuation Date occurs (as the case may be), the Metal Agent may take such steps as it, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, considers appropriate in order to effect an orderly realisation in 
a timely fashion during the Redemption Disposal Period (and may do so in one transaction or in 
multiple transactions during such period) and sell at a price which it reasonably believes to be 
representative of the fair market price of Underlying Metal (having used reasonable efforts to 
minimise any VAT that may be charged, withheld or deducted).  
 
FX Determination: 
FX Price Source Disruption/Inaccuracy. If there is an FX Price Source Disruption or FX Price 
Inaccuracy in respect of the FX Forward Points Reference Level, the FX Spot Bid Reference Level 
or the FX Spot Offer Reference Level (as the case may be), the Series Counterparty shall determine 
the affected FX Forward Points Reference Level, the FX Spot Bid Reference Level or the FX Spot 
Offer Reference Level (as the case may be) in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
taking into account such factors as it sees fit.  
3 
Why is it necessary for the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or the Series 
Counterparty to make such discretionary determinations following the occurrence of such events?  
The investment objective of the ETC Securities is to allow an investor to gain an economic exposure to an 
Underlying Metal (and, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, also offset any loss or gain in the value 
of the ETC Security attributable to FX movements). If an Underlying Metal is materially impacted by an 
unexpected event (or, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, the FX hedging is materially impacted), 
then it may not be possible to achieve the investment objective of the ETC Securities based on the original 
terms and conditions of the ETC Securities and there may be a need to make certain discretionary 
determinations in order to preserve the original economic objective and rationale of the ETC Securities. 
Discretionary determinations may also be required (i) to determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
or the FX hedging components in order to deal with certain market disruption events (including FX Price 
Inaccuracy in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities), (ii) to rectify incorrect determinations of the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security and/or Value per ETC Security, (iii) to adjust the Product Fee so that the 
Issuer is able meet fees, costs and charges payable to the Transaction Parties and of the Issuer more 
generally, or (iv) to enable the ETC Securities, the Issuer or any Transaction Party to be compliant with all 
Relevant Regulatory Laws if a Regulatory Requirement Event occurs.  
Similarly, if an amount payable under the ETC Securities or any formula, calculation or determination 
relating to the ETC Securities cannot be determined (because, for example, a Reference Rate used for 
such determination has been affected) there may be a need for discretion to be exercised (together with 
any adjustments to the terms and conditions of the ETC Securities required) to determine such rates to 
enable the necessary calculations and determinations in respect of the administration of the ETC Securities 
to continue. Similarly, if an Agent or the Series Counterparty resigns or is no longer fit or able to perform 
its obligations under the terms of the ETC Securities and/or Transaction Documents there may be a need 
for an alternative entity to be selected which will require the exercise of discretion.  
The exercise of the discretions above in many cases will allow the ETC Securities to continue and avoid 
the need to redeem them early. However, in certain circumstances it may not be possible to make such 
determinations or adjustments to continue the ETC Securities as normal and in such circumstances there 
may be the need to exercise discretion in relation to the postponement of certain determinations and/or 
payments or the early redemption of ETC Securities.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
  
4 
Are there any other situations where the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or 
the Series Counterparty may make discretionary determinations? 
 
Product Fee 
The Programme Administrator has certain discretions to adjust the levels of the Base Fee 
Percentage and the FX Hedging Fee Percentage from time to time (and, therefore, the Product Fee 
Percentage). This may potentially result in higher fees being applied which would reduce the return 
for Securityholders.  
 
Rounding 
The applicable rounding methodology in respect of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the 
Value per ETC Security (and any component thereof) may be adjusted from time to time provided 
that the Programme Administrator reasonably determines, in its opinion, that such change of 
methodology would not be materially prejudicial to Securityholders.  
 
Corrections 
If the Programme Administrator subsequently determines or it comes to its attention that the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security and/or the Value per ETC Security in respect of any Scheduled 
Valuation Day was incorrectly determined, the Issuer may adjust any relevant terms of the ETC 
Securities to account for a correction.  
 
Any appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party 
The Issuer may vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Metal Agent, the Account Bank, the Secured Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, 
the Subscription Account Custodian, the Programme Administrator or the Determination Agent and 
to appoint additional or other Paying Agents. The Issuer may appoint additional or replacement 
Transaction Parties provided such appointment or replacement is effected in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
5 
How will the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or (in the case of FX Hedged 
ETC Securities) the Series Counterparty make discretionary determinations?  
 
Issuer 
The Issuer is required to exercise its discretions in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
 
Metal Agent  
In realising the Underlying Metal, the Metal Agent is required to exercise its discretion in a 
commercially reasonable manner and sell at a price which it reasonably believes to be 
representative of the fair market price of Underlying Metal (having used reasonable efforts to 
minimise any VAT that may be charged, withheld or deducted).  
 
Programme Administrator 
The Programme Administrator is required to exercise its discretion in good faith under the 
Conditions, the Programme Administrator Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which 
it is party. Additionally, any estimates or adjustments to be made by the Programme Administrator 
in determining the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security following a Disruption Event must be 
exercised in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
  
 
Series Counterparty 
In the case FX Hedged ETC Securities, any estimates or adjustments to be made by the Series 
Counterparty in determining the FX Hedging Factor and/or Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
following a Disruption Event must be exercised in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
6 
When making discretionary determinations, are the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme 
Administrator or the Series Counterparty obliged to consider the interests of Securityholders? 
No, neither the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator nor the Series Counterparty assume 
any obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Securityholder. In making any 
determination or exercising any discretion, neither the Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator nor the 
Series Counterparty is obliged to consider the individual interests or circumstances of any particular 
investor.  
7 
What is the effect of such event or action taken by the Issuer, the Metal Agent, the Programme 
Administrator or Series Counterparty on the Securities? 
Any of the above actions, if taken by the Issuer, Metal Agent, the Programme Administrator or Series 
Counterparty (as the case may be) may result in a reduced return on the Securities or have a material 
adverse impact on the value of the ETC Securities. For example, the Early Redemption Amount could be 
less than such investor's initial investment and may be reduced to zero.  
Further, if the ETC Securities are redeemed early prior to the scheduled maturity, an investor may be 
unable to reinvest the redemption proceeds in another investment at the time that provides an equivalent 
return. 
8 
Will the Issuer notify me if such an event occurs or if it takes any of the above actions? 
The Issuer will generally give notice to Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable of: 
• 
Any Disruption Event Notice (such notice to be published on the website maintained on behalf of 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 8(b)(iii)). 
• 
Any postponement (and duration thereof) of the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early 
Redemption Date as a result of a Disruption Event in accordance with Condition 8(c). 
• 
Any Reference Rate Event, Successor Price Source, Successor Reference Rate, Replacement 
Reference Rate, or Adjustment Spread and any related amendments or adjustments in accordance 
with Conditions 9(a) to (c). 
• 
Any Early Redemption Event (including any Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event, 
Issuer Call Redemption Event, Issuer Vat Event or Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date or 
Redemption Event (including any Suspension Period and/or replacement Series Counterparty). 
• 
Any corrections made pursuant to Condition 4(e). 
9 
Table 
Type of event  
Summary of the event(s) 
Party 
determining 
the 
occurrence 
of the event  
Party 
exercising 
discretion 
Type 
of 
discretion 
Early 
Redemption 
– 
There is a change in law that 
such that: 
Issuer 
Issuer 
Early 
Redemption

--- Page 63 ---
63 
  
Issuer Change in 
Law 
or 
Regulation 
Redemption 
Event  
• 
it has (or the Issuer 
reasonably expects that it 
will) become illegal for the 
Issuer to (x) hold, acquire, 
or dispose of Underlying 
Metal or (y) perform its 
obligations under the ETC 
Securities or (in the case 
of 
FX 
Hedged 
ETC 
Securities) the Balancing 
Agreement; or  
• 
the Issuer would (or would 
expect to) to incur a 
materially increased cost 
in 
performing 
its 
obligations under the ETC 
Securities or (in the case 
of 
FX 
Hedged 
ETC 
Securities) the Balancing 
Agreement. 
(see paragraph 
2.7 above) 
Early 
Redemption 
– 
VAT Redemption 
Event  
If the Issuer will (or there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will) 
be required to make a payment 
in respect of VAT or to register 
for 
VAT 
or 
otherwise 
be 
required to account for VAT on 
the delivery of Metal from or to 
an Authorised Participant, a 
Series Counterparty, or the 
Secured Account Custodian, 
the Fee Account Custodian, or 
the 
Subscription 
Account 
Custodian.  
Issuer 
Issuer 
Early 
Redemption 
(see paragraph 
2.7 above) 
Disruption Event 
– 
Metal 
Reference Price 
Source 
Disruption 
A Metal Reference Price is not 
available 
for 
the 
relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Day. 
Determination 
Agent, 
Programme 
Administrator 
or 
(if 
FX 
Hedged ETC 
Securities) the 
Series 
Counterparty  
Programme 
Administrator  
Determination 
of 
Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC 
Security 
and/or 
Postponement 
(see 
paragraphs 2.2 
and 
2.3.1 
above) 
Series 
Counterparty 
(in the case of 
FX 
Hedged 
ETC 
Securities)  
Determination 
of 
Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC 
Security 
(see paragraph 
2.2 above)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
  
Disruption Event 
– Force Majeure 
Disruption Event 
The occurrence of any of the 
following events: 
• 
by reason of an event or 
circumstance 
(including 
any 
a 
technical 
or 
operational issue) beyond 
the 
control 
of 
the 
Determination Agent, it is 
impossible 
for 
the 
Determination Agent to 
perform 
its 
obligations 
under the Determination 
Agent Agreement that are 
required to be performed 
for the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security and the 
Value per ETC Security to 
be determined; or 
• 
in respect of FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, by reason 
of 
an 
event 
or 
circumstance 
(including 
any 
a 
technical 
or 
operational issue) beyond 
the control of the Series 
Counterparty, 
it 
is 
impossible for the Series 
Counterparty to perform 
its obligations under the 
Balancing Agreement that 
are 
required 
to 
be 
performed 
for 
the 
determination of the Metal 
Entitlement 
FX 
Differential.  
Determination 
Agent, 
Programme 
Administrator 
or (if FX 
Hedged ETC 
Securities) the 
Series 
Counterparty  
Programme 
Administrator 
Determination 
of Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC Security 
and/or 
Postponement 
(see 
paragraphs 2.2 
and 2.3.1 
above) 
Series 
Counterparty 
(in the case of 
FX Hedged 
ETC 
Securities) 
Determination 
of Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC Security 
(see paragraph 
2.2 above) 
Disruption Event 
– FX Disruption 
Event (in the case 
FX Hedged ETC 
Securities)  
Any of the following events 
occur 
affecting 
the 
Metal 
currency and the currency of 
the 
ETC 
Securities 
(the 
“Currency Pair”): 
• 
Currency 
Deliverability 
Event: an event makes it 
impossible for the Series 
Counterparty to deliver, or 
materially 
prevents, 
restricts or delays it from 
delivering, the Currency 
Pair; 
Series 
Counterparty 
or Programme 
Administrator 
Programme 
Administrator 
or  
Determination 
of 
Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC 
Security 
and/or 
Postponement 
(see 
paragraphs 2.2 
and 2.3.1) 
Series 
Counterparty 
(in the case of 
FX 
Hedged 
ETC 
Securities) 
Determination 
of 
Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC 
Security 
(see paragraph 
2.2 above)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
  
• 
Currency 
Discontinuity 
Event: the pegging of the 
Currency Pair to U.S. 
dollars (or vice versa), or 
the imposition of a “hard” 
or “soft” floor 
to the 
exchange 
rate 
of 
the 
Currency 
Pair 
or 
the 
controlled appreciation or 
devaluation 
of 
any 
currency of the Currency 
Pair relative to U.S. dollars 
(or vice versa), as the 
Series 
Counterparty 
determines are likely to 
affect the Currency Pair, 
unless 
it 
would 
not 
adversely affect its ability 
to perform its obligations 
under 
the 
Balancing 
Agreement; or 
• 
Liquidity 
Event: 
an 
investment made in the 
relevant Currency Pair is 
likely to be materially 
affected by the imposition 
of any capital or currency 
controls, unless it would 
not adversely affect the 
Series 
Counterparty’s 
ability 
to 
perform 
its 
obligations 
under 
the 
Balancing Agreement. 
Reference 
Rate 
Event 
The occurrence of any of the 
following events in relation to 
any index or benchmark (a 
“Reference 
Rate”) 
by 
reference to which any formula, 
calculation or amount payable 
is determined relating to the 
ETC Securities: 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Cessation: 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
has 
ceased or will cease to 
provide such Reference 
Rate and there is no 
successor 
administrator 
that 
will 
continue 
to 
Programme 
Administrator 
(or 
Series 
Counterparty 
in the case of 
FX 
Hedged 
ETC 
Securities) 
Programme 
Administrator 
Substitution of 
Rates 
(see 
paragraph 
2.4.2 above) 
Issuer 
Adjustments 
(see paragraph 
2.1.2 above)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
  
provide such Reference 
Rate;  
• 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: the Determination 
Agent 
or 
Programme 
Administrator (or Series 
Counterparty in the case 
of 
FX 
Hedged 
ETC 
Securities) 
is 
not 
permitted to perform its 
obligations under the ETC 
Securities as a result of a 
Reference Rate or its 
administrator or sponsor 
being suspended or losing 
its regulatory licence; 
• 
in the case of FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, more than 
5 determinations of the FX 
Spot Reference Level are 
made 
by 
the 
Series 
Counterparty as a result of 
an 
FX 
Price 
Source 
Disruption or FX Price 
Inaccuracy within a 30 
calendar day period; 
• 
in the case of FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, more than 
5 determinations of the FX 
Forward Points Reference 
Level are made by the 
Series Counterparty as a 
result of an FX Price 
Source Disruption or FX 
Price Inaccuracy within a 
30 calendar day period; or 
• 
there is a Metal Reference 
Price Source Disruption 
for 
more 
than 
5 
consecutive 
Metal 
Business Days.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
  
WORKED EXAMPLES 
1 
What is the Value per ETC Security? 
The following worked example shows how the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC 
Security is calculated in respect of non-FX Hedged ETC Securities.  
1. 
• 
On Tuesday 24 March 2020 (the “Series Issue Date”), a new Series of ETC Securities is 
issued for U.S.$70.00 each. The initial Value per ETC Security is set at U.S.$70.00 to match 
the issue price. The ETC Securities give a return linked to the Underlying Metal which in this 
case is Gold.  
• 
On 24 March 2020, the Metal Reference Price of Gold is U.S.$1,400.00. 
• 
The Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is set at 0.05 fine troy ounces. 
2. 
To determine the Value per ETC Security for the next Valuation Day (i.e. Wednesday 25 March 
2020), the Determination Agent does the following: 
Step 1: It first calculates the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 25 March 2020. by subtracting 
a daily Product Fee (expressed in fine troy ounces) from the previous day’s (i.e. 24 March 2020) 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. 
• 
For ETC Securities which are not FX hedged (as is the case here), the daily Product Fee is 
determined by an annual fee percentage, the Base Fee Percentage. The level of the Base Fee 
Percentage, and the level of the fees, may vary from time to time (see “What fees do I pay?” 
below)). 
• 
For the purposes of this example, the Base Fee Percentage will be set at 0.19% per annum. 
To convert this into a daily Product Fee, the Determination Agent (i) multiplies the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the previous Valuation Day (i.e. 0.05 troy ounce set 
for 24 March 2020) by the Product Fee Percentage (i.e. 0.19%) and (ii) divides by 360. This 
gives a daily Product Fee equal to 0.0000002639, which is then deducted from the previous 
day’s Metal Entitlement per ETC Security (i.e. 0.05 troy ounce) to give a reduced Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security for 25 March 2020 (i.e. 0.05 troy ounce – 0.0000002639 = 
0.0499997361 troy ounce). This is what the formula 𝐸𝑡= 𝐸𝑡−1 × (1 −[𝑃𝐹𝑃𝑡× 𝑌𝐹𝑡]) in Condition 
4 achieves: i.e. 
 
0.05 x (1 – [0.19% x 
1
360 ]) = 0.0499997361 (the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 
25 March 2020) 
 
• 
Because each ETC Security is backed by an amount of Underlying Metal equal to its Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security, this reduction in the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security will 
reduce the amount of Underlying Metal that backs an ETC Security and, therefore, its value.  
Step 2. Once the Determination Agent has determined the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 
a Valuation Day, it then determines the Value per ETC Security for that day.  
• 
In the case of a non-FX Hedged ETC Security, it does this by simply calculating how much the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security that backs that ETC Security is worth at the Metal 
Reference Price (i.e. the prevailing prices for the relevant Underlying Metal) on that Valuation 
Day.  
• 
So if, on 25 March 2020, the price of Gold was U.S.$1,401.00 per fine troy ounce, the Value 
per ETC Security would be equal to the product of (i) U.S.$1,401.00 (the Metal Reference 
Price) and (ii) 0.0499997361 troy ounce (the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for that day),

--- Page 68 ---
68 
  
producing a Value per ETC Security equal to U.S.$70.05 for 25 March 2020. This is what the 
formula 𝑉𝑝𝑆𝑡= 𝐸𝑡 × 𝑀𝑡 in Condition 4 achieves. 
• 
The Product Fee is applied daily (including non-Business Days). Hence, the calculation of the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security for a Valuation Day 
immediately following a non-Business Day will need to reflect the Product Fee applied for more 
than one previous day. 
3. 
The table below extrapolates from the worked example above over a period of 7 days (5 Valuation 
Days, plus 2 non-Business Days/non-Valuation Days making up the weekend).  
Date 
Metal Reference 
Price (i.e. USD per 
fine troy ounce of 
Gold) (1) 
Product Fee (fine 
troy ounces) (2) 
Metal 
Entitlement 
per ETC 
Security (3) 
Value per ETC 
Security 
(4) 
Tuesday 24 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 1) 
1,400.00 
— 
0.0500000000 
70.00 
Wednesday 25 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 2) 
1,401.00 
0.0000002639 
0.0499997361 
70.05 
Thursday 26 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 3)  
1,402.00 
0.0000002639 
0.0499994722 
70.10 
Friday 27 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 4) 
1,403.00 
0.0000002639 
0.0499992083 
70.15 
Monday 30 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 5) 
1,404.00 
0.0000007917  
(which includes the 
Product 
Fees 
for 
Saturday 28 March 
2020 and Sunday 29 
March 2020 as well as 
Monday 
30 
March 
2020) 
0.0499984167 
70.20 
(1) This is the Metal Reference Price for the relevant date.  
(2) This is the Product Fee for the relevant date and is equal to the Product Fee Percentage multiplied by the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the previous Valuation Day. 
(3) This is the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the relevant date and is equal to the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security for the previous date minus the Product Fee for the relevant date.  
(4) This is the Value per ETC Security for the relevant date and is equal to the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security for that date multiplied by the Metal Reference Price for that date.  
4. 
In the table above, the Metal Reference Price generally rose from its initial value of U.S.$1,400.00. 
In the table below, we set out an alternative illustration where the Metal Reference Price is falling, 
but otherwise using the same methodology and assumptions as in the worked example above.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
  
 
For footnotes to this table, please see equivalent footnotes for the table immediately above. 
Date 
Metal Reference 
Price (i.e. USD per 
fine troy ounce of 
Gold) (1) 
Product Fee 
(fine troy 
ounces) (2) 
Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security (fine 
troy ounces) (3) 
Value per ETC 
Security (4) 
Tuesday 24 March 
2020(Valuation 
Day 1) 
1,400.00 
— 
0.0500000000 
70.00 
Wednesday 25 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 2) 
1,399.00 
0.0000002639 
0.0499997361 
69.95 
Thursday 26 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 3)  
1,398.00 
0.0000002639 
0.0499994722 
69.90 
Friday 27 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 4) 
1,397.00 
0.0000002639 
0.0499992083 
69.85 
Monday 30 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 5) 
1,396.00 
0.0000007917 
(which 
includes the 
Product Fees 
for Saturday 
28 March 
2020and 
Sunday 29 
March 2020 as 
well as 
Monday 30 
March 2020) 
0.0499984167 
69.80 
5. 
The Determination Agent will calculate the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC 
Security in the same way for each Valuation Day.  
Note that the numbers used in this worked example are for illustrative purposes only. The price of the 
Metal may go up or down and past performance should not be taken as an indication of future 
performance. The fee levels for any particular Series of ETC Securities may differ from the fee levels 
used in the worked example. 
 
2 
What are FX Hedged ETC Securities? 
Where the Specified Currency of the ETC Security is different to the Metal Currency (i.e. the currency that 
the Underlying Metal is typically valued and traded in), the Value per ETC Security will be exposed to 
fluctuations both in the price of the Underlying Metal, as well as in the foreign exchange or FX rate between 
the two currencies. 
For example, an EU-based investor may wish to gain an exposure to Gold – a Metal which is typically 
quoted in U.S. dollars – by investing in Euro-denominated securities. Without an FX hedge, even if the 
price of Gold were to rise, the Value per ETC Security might still fall because of changes in the FX rate 
where the U.S. dollar has deteriorated against the Euro. Conversely, if the price of Gold were to fall, but 
the U.S. dollar has strengthened against the Euro, the Value per ETC Security might instead rise.  
The purpose of FX Hedged ETC Securities is therefore to provide an investment that primarily reflects the 
price performance of the Underlying Metal without being heavily affected by FX rate movements. FX 
Hedged ETC Securities achieve this by embedding an FX hedge to try and reduce the impact of changes

--- Page 70 ---
70 
  
in the FX rate (whether positive or negative) on the Value of the ETC Security in the Specified Currency. 
Broadly, the FX hedge is designed to produce a gain in circumstances where the Metal Currency 
deteriorates against the Specified Currency and to produce a loss in circumstances where the Metal 
Currency strengthens against the Specified Currency. This gain or loss aims to help offset any loss or gain 
in the value of the ETC Security (expressed in the Specified Currency) that is attributable to FX movements. 
However, the foreign exchange hedge will not perfectly offset such FX movements, owing primarily to 
transaction costs and the manner in which FX transactions are traded. 
The following worked example shows how the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC 
Security is calculated in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities. In particular, the worked example considers 
the scenario where the value of the Underlying Metal has increased in value, but the Metal Currency has 
deteriorated against the Specified Currency. 
1. 
• 
For this illustration, on Tuesday 24 March 2020 (the “Series Issue Date”), a new Series of 
Euro-denominated ETC Securities is issued for €62.07 each. The initial Value per ETC Security 
is set at €62.07 to match the issue price. The ETC Securities give a return linked to Gold.  
• 
On 24 March 2020, the Metal Reference Price of Gold is U.S.$1,400.00. The ETC Securities 
are FX Hedged ETC Securities and, as such, reflect a FX hedging component between Euro 
(the currency of the ETC Securities) and U.S. dollars (the currency in which Gold prices are 
quoted).  
• 
The Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is set at 0.05 fine troy ounce. Given the above 
Metal Reference Price, this means that the value in U.S. dollars of the Initial Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security is U.S.$70.00.  
2. 
To determine the Value per ETC Security for the next Valuation Day (i.e. Wednesday 25 March 
2020), the Determination Agent does the following: 
Step 1: It first calculates the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 25 March 2020. To do this, the 
Determination Agent starts by calculating the gain or loss on the FX hedge since the previous 
Valuation Day (i.e. since 24 March 2020).  
• 
Such gain or loss is intended to reflect the gain or loss that a person would have received if 
such person had attempted to hedge her currency exposure by entering into a “spot” FX 
transaction (including transaction costs) on 24 March 2020 to sell U.S.$70.00 (i.e. U.S. dollar 
value of the initial Value per ETC Security) in return for a fixed Euro amount for 
settlement/payment two business days later (the customary settlement delay for spot FX 
contracts in the Euro market and which is priced into the transaction).  
• 
By entering into such a notional FX hedge transaction, such person will be assured of receiving 
at least the fixed Euro amount in exchange for their payment of U.S. dollars. However, 
depending on how exchange rates actually move, such person will have either made a gain or 
loss on the currency hedge as compared with the position such person would have been in if 
such person had not entered into the currency hedge, after taking into account the adverse 
impact of transaction costs. 
• 
Because all spot foreign exchange transactions notionally entered into have a discrete 
settlement (implied in the prices observed from day to day), these notional positions are 
expected to be adjusted daily such that they never actually reach the implied settlement date, 
and the ETC Security maintains a constant maturity notional hedge equivalent to the spot 
market. The price of adjusting these hedges, which can be a cost or a benefit to the value of 
the ETC Security is known as the FX Forward Points Reference Level. These are observed 
daily and factored into the profit and loss of such notional foreign exchange hedge. 
• 
Accordingly, if, on 25 March 2020, prevailing exchange rates were such that such person could 
actually have sold such U.S. dollar amount for a higher Euro amount than the amount such 
person had pre-agreed on 24 March 2020, the effect of the FX hedge transaction would be that

--- Page 71 ---
71 
  
such person would be worse off than if such person had not entered into the FX hedge 
transaction. Conversely, if, on 25 March 2020, prevailing exchange rates were such that such 
person could only have sold such U.S. dollar amount for a lower Euro amount, such person 
would be better off than such person would have been if such person had not entered into the 
FX hedge transaction. Both outcomes would be adjusted for the adverse effect of transaction 
costs. 
• 
Any gain or loss generated from such FX hedge (taking into account the cost of transacting 
and adjusting settlement dates) is realized in Gold and then added or deducted from the original 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. Profits therefore will increase the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security, and correspondingly, losses will decrease the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security. The purpose of such increase or decrease is to offset any reduction or increase in the 
value of the ETC Security (expressed in the Specified Currency) that would otherwise be 
attributable to foreign exchange movements if the currency hedge had not been in place. 
• 
The way in which the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is calculated for FX Hedged ETC 
Securities reflects the economic effects of such a hypothetical FX hedge and corresponding 
transaction costs. Taking the example above, to calculate the gain or loss of such FX hedge, 
the Series Counterparty and/or Determination Agent will consider various input factors: i.e.: 
• 
the Value per ETC Security for the day on which the FX Hedge is to be implemented (i.e. 
€62.07 on 24 March 2020); 
• 
the “FX Spot Reference Levels” for 24 and 25 March 2020, meaning the actual FX rates 
published on 24 and 25 March 2020 for the currency pair EUR-USD, which for the 
purposes of this worked example will be U.S.$1.12775 per €1.00 for 24 March 2020 and 
U.S.$1.13175 per €1.00 for 25 March 2020 (thus showing a deterioration of the U.S. dollar 
against the Euro); 
• 
a derived forward FX rate (the “FX Tom Reference Level”) in respect of 25 March 2020 
for settlement on 26 March 2020. The FX Tom Reference Level is derived by subtracting 
an interest component (the “FX Forward Points Reference Level”), together with 
transaction costs, from the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of the relevant Valuation 
Day. For the purposes of this worked example, the FX Forward Points Reference Level 
will be U.S.$0.00009 per €1.00, which is then subtracted from the FX Spot Reference 
Level for 25 March 2020 (i.e. U.S.$1.13175 per €1.00), resulting in an FX Tom Reference 
Level of U.S.$1.13166 per €1.00 (subject to transaction costs);  
• 
the Metal Reference Price on 24 and 25 March 2020 for one troy ounce of Gold (i.e. U.S.$ 
1,400.00 for 24 March 2020 and U.S.$1,401.00 for 25 March 2020); 
• 
relevant transaction costs for both actual and forward foreign exchange rates. These are 
determined using half of the actual spread between Offer and Bid rates for the actual spot 
foreign exchange rate (“FX Spread”). The Worked Example assumes a Bid-Offer spread 
of 0.0005 is observed for both the 24 and 25 March 2020, leading to 0.00025 on each 
day. This cost is then divided by a Spread Adjustment factor of 12, which results in 
0.0000208333 for each of 24 and 25 March 2020; 
• 
relevant transaction costs for buying or selling the Underlying Metal (in this example, a 
transaction cost of U.S.$0.10 will be charged for every ounce of Gold purchased by a 
market participant, whereas there will be no transaction costs charged in relation to sales 
of Gold by such market participant). 
• 
All calculations below are based on the numbers above as a starting point. Rounding for 
calculated results is then applied at 10 digits. Note that such conventions are agreed between 
Programme Administrator, Determination Agent and Series Counterparty and can vary during

--- Page 72 ---
72 
  
the lifetime of the product. The level of the Spread Adjustment and other factors may also vary 
from time to time. 
Step 1a: The Series Counterparty then determines, in respect of 25 March 2020, the gain or loss 
on the FX hedge notionally executed on 24 March 2020 (i.e. “FXPnLaccrued”). For such purpose, 
the Series Counterparty will take the spot FX prices published for 24 and 25 March 2020 (the “FX 
Spot Reference Levels”) and adjust them as follows so that they (i) have the same implied 
settlement date and are therefore comparable and (ii) reflect the effect of transaction costs: 
• 
First, the Series Counterparty calculates a price for an FX transaction quoted on 25 March 
2020 with an implied settlement date of the 26 March 2020 (the “FXnext” or “FX Tom 
Reference Level”). As noted above, because the market for spot FX transactions customarily 
assumes (and therefore prices in) a settlement delay of two business days from the date of 
execution, it would not be appropriate to compare the FX Spot Reference Level for 24 March 
2020 (with an implied settlement date of 26 March 2020) against the FX Spot Reference Level 
for 25 March 2020 (with an implied settlement date of 27 March 2020) for the purposes of 
calculating the gain or loss on the notional FX hedge due to their different settlement dates (i.e. 
one would not be comparing things of similar characteristics). By contrast, by adjusting the FX 
Spot Reference Level observed on 25 March 2020 to a price for FX with an implied settlement 
date of 26 March 2020 (i.e. the FXnext/FX Tom Reference Level), this will give a value that can 
be comparable against the FX Spot Reference Level for 24 March 2020 for the purposes of 
determining the gain or loss on the notional FX hedge. 
• 
As noted above, the FX Spot Reference Level for 25 March 2020 is U.S.$1.13175 per €1.00 
(which prices in an implied settlement date of 27 March 2020). To adjust such level to being a 
price for foreign exchange with a settlement date of 26 March 2020, the Series Counterparty 
will (i) deduct a notional one day forward cost (i.e. the “FX Forward Points Reference Level”) 
of U.S.$0.00009 from U.S.$1.13175 (the FX Spot Reference Level for 25 March 2020), 
resulting in an amount equal to U.S.$1.13166 and then (ii) deduct from such amount the 
transaction costs for actual and foreign exchange rates in respect of 25 March 2020 (i.e. 
U.S.$0.0000208333), resulting in an adjusted price equal to U.S.$1.1316391667 (the FX 
Next/FX Tom Reference Level).  
• 
Second, the Series Counterparty adjusts the FX Spot Reference Level for 24 March 2020 
(U.S.$1.12775 per €1.00) by adding the transaction costs for that 
day (i.e. 
U.S.$0.0000208333), resulting in an adjusted price equal to U.S.$1.1277708333 (the “FXadj”). 
• 
Third, the Series Counterparty then subtracts U.S.$1.1277708333 (the FXadj) from 
U.S.$1.1316391667 (the FXnext/FX Tom Reference Level) to get U.S.$0.0038683334 (the 
FXPnLaccrued). This follows the formula FXPnLaccruedk = FXnext k – FX adj k-1 in Condition 4.  
• 
However, since the FXPnLaccrued only expresses the impact of the FX hedge per unit of Euro, 
the Series Counterparty still needs to reflect this impact in terms of each ETC Security. This is 
done by multiplying the FXPnLaccrued (U.S.$0.0038683334) with the previous day’s Value per 
ETC Security, (€62.07), resulting in a gain of U.S.$0.2401074541 from the FX movement, 
including transaction costs for such ETC Security. 
Step 1b: Having determined the FXPnLaccrued above, the next step is to determine the cost of 
adjusting the size of the notional FX hedge to reflect the change in Euro value of the Underlying 
Metal per ETC Security (i.e. determining the “FXCost” in respect of the formula 𝐹𝑋𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝑡=
𝐸𝑡−1 × 𝐴𝐵𝑆(
𝑀𝑡
𝑆𝑡−
𝑀𝑡−1
𝑆𝑡−1) × 𝐹𝑋𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑𝑡 in Condition 4). 
 
This calculation takes into account the (absolute) change in the Euro denominated value of the 
Underlying Metal from the previous Valuation Day to the current Valuation Day. In the worked 
example:

--- Page 73 ---
73 
  
• 
the Metal Reference Price (i.e. the price per fine troy ounce of Gold) on 25 March 2020 is 
U.S.$1,401.00, which converts into €1,237.9058979457 (using the Spot FX Reference Level 
for 25 March 2020 of U.S.$1.13175 per €1.00)); 
• 
the Metal Reference Price on 24 March 2020 was U.S.$1,400.00, which converts into 
€1,241.4098869430 (using the Spot FX Reference Level for 24 March 2020 of U.S.$1.12775 
per €1). 
• 
Accordingly, between 24 and 25 March 2020, the price of Gold in Euro has decreased by 
€3.5039889973 per troy ounce. The notional FX hedge for 25 March 2020 therefore needs to 
be decreased by an equivalent amount relative to the notional FX hedge established on 24 
March 2020. A transaction cost is charged to each ETC Security for such adjustment notionally 
made on 25 March 2020. Using the FX Spread of 0.00025 observed for 25 March 2020, such 
transaction cost is determined to be U.S.$0.0008759972 per troy ounce.  
• 
This transaction cost then needs to be multiplied by the Metal Entitlement for the previous 
Valuation Day for the purposes of calculating the cost of adjusting the FX hedge per ETC 
Security on 25 March 2020 (i.e. the FXCost). In the worked example, the transaction cost for 
25 March 2020 (U.S.$0.0008759972 per troy ounce) is multiplied by the Metal Entitlement for 
24 March 2020 (0.05 troy ounce) to give the FXCost per ETC Security for 25 March 2020 
(U.S.$0.0000437999). 
• 
Finally, to determine the notionally realised profit per ETC Security for 25 March 2020 (the 
“FXPnL”), the charge for adjusting the size of the FX hedge determined in Step 1b above (being 
the FXCost of U.S.$0.0000437999 per ETC Security) is deducted from the gain (or added to 
the loss, if applicable) determined in Step 1a above (being the FXPnLaccrued gain of 
U.S.$0.2401074541 per ETC Security resulting from the FX movement), resulting in an 
aggregate gain of U.S.$0.2400636542. This follows the formula 𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑡= 𝑉𝑝𝑆𝑡−1 ×
𝑆𝑢𝑚 𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑎𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑒𝑑𝑡−𝐹𝑋𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝑡 in Condition 4. 
• 
The notional gain of U.S.$0.2400636542 (the FXPnL) is therefore intended to offset the loss 
that an investor without the FX hedge might otherwise have suffered as a result of the 
deterioration of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and which would have skewed any gains on 
the Underlying Metal: i.e. the change in the FX rate from U.S.$1.12775 per €1.00 for 24 March 
2020 to U.S.$1.13175 per €1.00 for 25 March 2020 would have resulted in a drop in the value 
of the ETC security from €62.07 to €61.89 (so a loss of €0.18) despite the fact that the price of 
Gold had increased from U.S.$1400 per troy ounce on 24 March 2020 to U.S.$1401 per troy 
ounce. However, this notional gain of U.S.$0.2400636542 still needs to be realised by a 
transfer of Metal, as illustrated in Step 1c below.  
Step 1c: Determination of the amount of Gold to be transferred to reflect the gain or loss on the 
notional FX hedge, including transaction costs, above. 
• 
The actual result of the notional FX hedge is either a transfer of additional Metal or a reduction 
of the amount of Metal backing the FX Hedged ETC Security. The amount to be transferred 
depends on both the movement in foreign exchange price as well as the movement in the Metal 
price, plus applicable transaction costs. 
• 
The Series Counterparty will adjust the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to reflect these 
price movements by buying or selling the Underlying Metal at the prevailing price for such day. 
If additional Metal has to be purchased (i.e. “FXPnL” is positive), the relevant price for acquiring 
the Metal will be the (i) actual Metal Reference Price for that Valuation Day plus (ii) the 
transaction costs for buying or selling such Metal. So taking the worked example above:  
• 
Between 24 and 25 March 2020, the notional FX hedge realised a gain of U.S.$0.2400636542 
per ETC Security (the FXPnL) offsetting a notional loss due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar 
against the Euro;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
  
• 
the price for acquiring Gold will be the sum of (i) U.S.$ 1,401.00 (the Metal Reference Price for 
25 March 2020) and (ii) the transaction cost for buying such Metal (U.S.$0.10 per troy fine 
ounce of Gold), i.e. U.S.$1,401.10 per troy ounce; 
• 
the Series Counterparty must therefore buy an amount of Metal equal to U.S.$0.2400636542 
per ETC Security at a price of U.S.$1,401.10; 
• 
dividing the FXPnL by this price, the amount of metal (“FXF”) to be transferred to the Issuer for 
25 March 2020 is 0.0001713394 fine troy ounce per ETC security. This follows the formula in 
𝐹𝑋𝐹𝑡=
𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑡
𝑀𝑎𝑡 in Condition 4.  
Step 2: After determining the amount of Metal to be added to or deducted from the Metal Entitlement 
for the relevant Valuation Day (as result of any gains or losses on the FX hedge), the next step is to 
make a deduction for the Product Fee. 
• 
In contrast to unhedged ETC Securities, the Product Fee (expressed in fine troy ounces) for 
FX Hedged ETC Securities consists of two components: 
(i) 
the Base Fee Percentage; and 
(ii) 
an FX Hedging Fee Percentage (reflecting a fee for the provision of the foreign exchange 
element).  
As with unhedged ETC Securities, the Product Fee for FX Hedged ETC Securities is deducted 
from the previous Valuation Day’s Metal Entitlement per ETC Security (i.e., any gains or losses 
realised on such day from the FX Hedge would not be taken into account for such day's Product 
Fee). 
• 
For the purposes of the worked example, assume that the Base Fee Percentage is 0.19% and 
FX Hedging Fee Percentage of 0.35%. The Product Fee Percentage is therefore 0.54% per 
annum. This is then converted into a daily Product Fee by multiplying 0.54% (Product Fee 
Percentage) and 0.05 troy ounce (the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 24 March 2020) 
and dividing by 360. The result is a daily Product Fee equal to 0.00000075 fine troy ounce. 
• 
Each FX Hedged ETC Security is backed by an amount of Underlying Metal equal to its Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security. If the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is reduced, this will 
decrease the amount of Underlying Metal that backs an ETC Security and, therefore, its value.  
• 
In the worked example, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security has actually increased from 
0.05 troy ounce on 24 March 2020 to 0.0501713394 troy ounce on 25 March 2020 by the 
addition of the FXF calculated in Step 1 above. However, this amount of 0.0501713394 now 
needs to be reduced by the Product Fee of 0.00000075, so that the final Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security determined for 25 March 2020 is equal to 0.0501705894 fine troy ounce. This 
follows the formula 𝐸𝑡= [𝐸𝑡−1 × (1 −{𝑃𝐹𝑃𝑡× 𝑌𝐹𝑡})] + 𝐹𝑋𝐹𝑡 in Condition 4. 
• 
In the worked example above, the gain from the notional FX hedge has offset both the notional 
loss from the weakening U.S. dollar against the Euro and the Product Fee to yield a net gain. 
However, this will not always be the case and the combined effect of FX hedging losses or 
gain, and Product Fee deductions, may lead to decreases as well as increases in the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security. 
Step 3: Following the determination of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the relevant 
Valuation Day, the final step is to determine the Value per ETC Security for that day.  
• 
In the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, this is done by calculating how much the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security is worth at the prevailing prices in the Metal Currency for the 
Underlying Metal on that day, then converted into Specified Currency of the FX Hedged ETC 
Securities at the prevailing actual FX rate. 
• 
Taking the worked example:

--- Page 75 ---
75 
  
• 
If the price of Gold were U.S.$1,401.00 per fine troy ounce on 25 March 2020, the Value 
per ETC Security on 25 March 2020 would be equal to the product of U.S.$1,401.00 and 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for that day (i.e. 0.0501705894 troy ounce), 
divided by the actual FX rate for that day (i.e. U.S.$1.13175 per €1.00). This produces a 
Value per ETC Security equal to €62.1064685217, which rounded to two decimal places, 
gives €62.11. 
• 
Accordingly, the weakening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro would have resulted in the 
initial Value per ETC Security of €62.07 decreasing to €61.89 (despite the fact that the 
price of Gold had increased); however, this was offset by the FX Hedge, which therefore 
increased the Value per ETC Security from €62.07 on 24 March 2020 to €62.11 on 25 
March 2020. 
• 
As noted above, this will not always be the case and the combined effect of FX hedging 
losses or gain, and Product Fee deductions, may lead to decreases as well as increases 
in the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. 
3. 
The table below extrapolates from the worked example above over a period of 7 days (5 Valuation 
Days, plus the 2 non-Business Days/non-Valuation Days making up the weekend). For the 
subsequent Valuation Days the Determination Agent and Series Counterparty will repeat the above 
process based on the prevailing FX rates and the Metal Reference Price for such days.  
For this example we assume the following input data: 
Date 
Metal Reference 
Price (i.e. USD per 
fine troy ounce of 
Gold) (1) 
FX Spot 
Reference 
Level (2) 
FX Forward Points 
Reference Level 
(3) 
FX Spread (4) 
Tuesday 24 March 
2020 (Valuation Day 1) 
1,400.00 
1.12775 
 
0.00025 
Wednesday 25 March 
2020 (Valuation Day 2) 
1,401.00 
1.13175 
0.00009 
0.00025 
Thursday 26 March 
2020 (Valuation Day 3)  
1,402.00 
1.14270 
0.00027 
0.00010 
Friday 27 March 2020 
(Valuation Day 4) 
1,403.00 
1.15250 
0.00009 
0.00020 
Monday 30 March 
2020 (Valuation Day 5, 
Saturday 28 March 
2020 and Sunday 29 
March 2020 are non-
Business Days) 
1,404.00 
1.16905 
0.00008 
0.00015 
(1) This is the Metal Reference Price for the relevant date.  
(2) This is the FX Spot Reference Level, i.e. the actual foreign exchange rate of Euro for US$1.00. 
(3) This is the cost (if a positive number) or benefit (if a negative number) denominated in the Metal Currency of 
(a) selling an amount of the Specified Currency (and, in turn, buying an equivalent amount of the Metal 
Currency) with a settlement date equal to the FX Business Day following such specified FX Business Day, 
and simultaneously (b) buying that same amount of Specified Currency (and, in turn, selling an equivalent 
amount of Metal Currency) with a settlement date equal to the second FX Business Day following such 
specified FX Business Day. 
(4) This is determined as one-half of the result of (i) FX Spot Offer Reference Level minus (ii) the FX Spot Bid 
Reference Level in each case for the Currency Pair on that FX Business Day.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
  
4. 
The table below is a summary of the results of worked examples, based on the input values defined 
above. 
Date 
Change in 
Metal 
Entitlement due 
to FX “FXF” (1) 
Change in Metal 
Entitlement due to 
Product Fee (2) 
Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security (fine troy 
ounces) (3) 
Value per ETC 
Security in €(4) 
Tuesday 24 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 1) 
  
  
0.0500000000 
62.0700000000 
Wednesday 25 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 2) 
0.0001713394 
0.0000007500 
0.0501705894 
62.1064685217 
Thursday 26 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 3)  
0.0004717428 
0.0000007526 
0.0506415796 
62.1331010757 
Friday 27 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 4) 
0.0004288092 
0.0000007596 
0.0510696292 
62.1697958938 
Monday 30 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 5) 
0.0007278668 
0.0000022981  
(which reflects the 
Product Fees for 
Saturday 28 March 
2020 and Sunday 29 
March 2020 as well 
as Monday 30 March 
2020) 
0.0517951979 
62.2047456068 
 
(1) This is the foreign exchange gain or loss for the relevant date, calculated as described in the above worked 
example, and expressed in fine troy ounces. 
(2) This is the Product Fee for the relevant date (expressed in fine troy ounces) and is equal to the sum of the 
Base Fee Percentage and the FX Hedging Fee Percentage multiplied by the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security for the prior Valuation Day. 
(3) This is the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the relevant date and is equal to the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security for the prior date, plus or minus the foreign exchange gain or loss for the relevant date and 
then minus the Product Fee for the relevant date.  
(4) This is the Value per ETC Security for the relevant date (in euro) and is equal to the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security for that date multiplied by the Metal Reference Price for that date and then divided by the 
actual exchange rate for that date. 
5. 
In the tables above, the Metal Reference Price generally rose from its initial value on the Series 
Issue Date of U.S.$1,400.00. The table below sets out an alternative illustration where the Metal 
Reference Price has been assumed to be stable, but otherwise using the same methodology and 
assumptions as in the above worked examples. This will illustrate the pure effect of Product Fees 
and changes in FX rates. 
For this example we assume the following input data: 
Date 
Metal Reference 
Price (i.e. USD per 
fine troy ounce of 
Gold) (1) 
FX Spot 
Reference 
Level (2) 
FX Forward 
Points 
Reference 
Level (3) 
FX Spread (equal to half of 
the Bid-Offer Spread for FX 
Spot Reference Levels) (4) 
Tuesday 24 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 1) 
1,400.00 
1.12775 
 
0.00025

--- Page 77 ---
77 
  
Wednesday 25 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 2) 
1,400.00 
1.13175 
0.00009 
0.00025 
Thursday 26 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 3)  
1,400.00 
1.14270 
0.00027 
0.00010 
Friday 27 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 4) 
1,400.00 
1.15250 
0.00009 
0.00020 
Monday 30 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 5, Saturday 
28 March 2020 
and Sunday 29 
March 2020 are 
non-Business 
Days)) 
1,400.00 
1.16905 
0.00008 
0.00015 
 
For footnotes to this table, please see equivalent footnotes for the input data table above. 
6. 
The table below is a summary of the results of worked examples, based on the input values defined 
above. 
 
Date 
Change in 
Metal 
Entitlement 
due to FX 
“FXF” (1) 
Change in Metal 
Entitlement due 
to Product Fee (2) 
Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security (fine troy 
ounces) (3) 
Value per ETC 
Security in €(4) 
Tuesday 24 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 1) 
  
  
0.0500000000 
62.0700000000 
Wednesday 25 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 2) 
0.0001714539 
0.0000007500 
0.0501707039 
62.0622800619 
Thursday 26 
March 2020 
(Valuation Day 3)  
0.0004720774 
0.0000007526 
0.0506420287 
62.0450163472 
Friday 27 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 4) 
0.0004291125 
0.0000007596 
0.0510703816 
62.0377737440 
Monday 30 March 
2020 (Valuation 
Day 5) 
0.0007283915 
0.0000022982 
(which reflects the 
Product Fees for 
Saturday 28 March 
2020 and Sunday 
29 March 2020 as 
well as Monday 30 
March 2020) 
0.0517964749 
62.0290533852 
 
For footnotes to this table, please see equivalent footnotes for the table immediately above. 
Note that the numbers used in this worked example are for illustrative purposes only. The price of the 
Metal, and foreign exchange rates, may go up or down and past performance should not be taken as an 
indication of future performance. The fee levels for any particular Series of ETC Securities may differ 
from the fee levels used in the worked example.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
  
DESCRIPTION OF THE METAL  
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF ETC SECURITIES ARE ADVISED TO CONDUCT THEIR OWN 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF ANY PRECIOUS METAL FORMING PART OF THE SECURED 
PROPERTY FOR THE RELEVANT SERIES OF ETC SECURITIES OR CONSULT WITH THEIR 
RELEVANT ADVISORS AS TO THE PROSPECTS AND CONSEQUENCES OF A PURCHASE OF ETC 
SECURITIES LINKED TO A PARTICULAR PRECIOUS METAL. 
The Issuer will, as subscription proceeds for the issue of ETC Securities, receive the relevant Metal from 
the Authorised Participants subscribing for such ETC Securities, which will, with the exception of the Metal 
transferred to the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account, form part of the Secured Property for such Series 
of ETC Securities. A custodian appointed to act on behalf of the Issuer will store the Metal in both allocated 
and unallocated accounts, subject to the Conditions of the ETC Securities and the Custody Agreement for 
Secured Accounts. The custodian may hold allocated Metal via a sub-custodian.  
Physical Precious Metals 
General Market Information 
Users of the Precious Metals Markets 
The main market for gold and silver relating to ETC Securities to be issued by the Issuer is the LBMA. The 
main market for platinum and palladium relating to ETC Securities to be issued by the Issuer is LPPM. 
Clients served by the Precious Metals Markets include: 
(i) 
Primary producers of precious metals wishing to refine or market their product.  
(ii) 
Fabricators, including the global jewellery industry.  
(iii) 
Central banks and other long-term holders of gold seeking to actively manage their gold holdings. 
(iv) 
Investors, fund managers or speculators. 
Trading in precious metals consists of transactions in spot, forwards, options and other derivatives on an 
over-the-counter (“OTC”) market. The OTC market trades on a 24 hour per day continuous basis and 
accounts for most of the trading in bullion. Members of the London metals market trade with each other 
rather than through an exchange and therefore take the full credit risk of their counterparty. Transactions 
between members tend to be in standard dealing amounts, however when members deal with their clients 
they can provide a tailored service. Unlike a futures exchange where contracts are standardised in terms 
of contract units, settlement dates and delivery specifications, the OTC market is more flexible. Agreements 
are concluded between the two parties to a transaction and remain confidential.  
The London Precious Metal Prices 
The London precious metals market has daily London gold, silver, platinum and palladium auctions, which 
are used to establish prices used as the pricing mechanism for a variety of precious metals transactions 
and products (the “London Prices”). Clients around the world wishing to buy or sell precious metals may 
all do so at the London Price, upon which a small commission is generally charged. These fully transparent 
benchmarks are globally accepted as the basis for pricing a variety of transactions, including industrial 
contracts and averaging business. They may also be used as a basis for cash-settled swap and option 
transactions. Orders executed at the London Prices are conducted as principal-to-principal transactions 
between the client and the dealer through whom the order is placed. 
London Prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium are published immediately by the various news 
agencies. Data in relation to gold and silver prices (including their past and future performance and 
volatility) may be obtained free of charge on the LBMA website (http://www.lbma.org.uk/precious-metal-

--- Page 79 ---
79 
  
prices#/). Data in relation to platinum and palladium prices (including their past and future performance 
and volatility) may be obtained free of charge on the LPPM website (www.lppm.com/data/). 
Currency Unit 
The market is generally quoted in U.S. dollars per ounce. Quotations in other currencies are available upon 
negotiation. In addition to a U.S. dollar price, the London fixings for precious metals offer benchmark prices 
in both pounds sterling and euros. However, for the purposes of the ETC Securities, only the U.S. dollar 
price is used. 
Loco London Spot Price 
The loco London spot prices are the bases for virtually all transactions in gold, silver, platinum and 
palladium. They are quotations made by dealers based on U.S. dollars per ounce for gold, silver, platinum 
and palladium. Settlement and delivery is two good business days in London after the day of the deal.  
A good business day is one in which banks are open in London. If the “normal” spot value date falls on a 
day when the New York U.S. dollar clearing system is closed, then the spot day moves forward one day. 
A list of future value dates for gold and silver may be found on the LBMA website (www.lbma.org.uk). A 
list of future value dates for platinum and palladium may be found on the LPPM website (www.lppm.com). 
Trading Units 
(i) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.  
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507465 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between 
troy ounces and metric units become: 
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces 
1 gram = 0.0321507465 troy ounces 
so 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507465) X 1,000) = 31.1034768 grams. 
Generally, in relation to precious metals, all references to ounces mean troy ounces. 
(ii) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of precious metal in a bar. It therefore defines the purity of 
a bar.  
(iii) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. 
Allocated Accounts 
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable bars (gold and silver), plates or ingots (platinum and palladium) of precious metal 
“allocated” to a specific client and segregated from other precious metals held in the vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this precious metal with the dealer holding it on the client’s behalf as custodian. 
Precious metals in an allocated account does not form part of a precious metal dealer’s assets. Clients’ 
holdings will be identified in a weight list of bars, plates or ingots showing the unique number, gross weight 
and the assay or fineness of each bar and its fine weight. Credits or debits to the holding will be effected 
by segregation of bars to or from the client’s segregated holding. An allocated account cannot, by definition, 
be overdrawn. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Unallocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
precious metal that represent an entitlement of the client to have equivalent amounts of precious metal 
delivered by the dealer. The balances do not represent uniquely identifiable bars, plates or ingots of

--- Page 80 ---
80 
  
precious metal “allocated” to a specific client. Unallocated accounts represent the easiest and most popular 
way of trading, settling and holding bullion and are integral to the loco London mechanism for these metals. 
The unit of these accounts in respect of precious metal is one troy ounce of precious metal. The simplicity 
of this arrangement is reflected in the fact that transactions may be settled by credits or debits to the 
account while the balance represents the indebtedness between the two parties. Credit balances on the 
account do not entitle the creditor to specific bars, plates or ingots of precious metal, but instead represent 
a right of the client to call for delivery of the relevant amount of precious metal. This right is purely 
contractual and, as such, the client is an unsecured creditor of the custodian and is exposed to the general 
credit risk of the custodian. This is similar to the position with respect to clients’ cash held with any bank 
(although some banks (including banks incorporated in the UK) may have a government-backed guarantee 
to some monetary level of their cash accounts), although there is no government protection for precious 
metal held on an unallocated basis. A negative balance will represent the precious metal indebtedness of 
the client to the dealer in the case where the client has a precious metal overdraft facility.  
Should the client wish to receive actual precious metal, this is done by “allocating” specific bars, plates or 
ingots of the precious metal content of which is then debited from the unallocated account. Such allocation 
will usually incur a cost to the client as allocated metal requires more management and administration than 
unallocated metal. Market convention is that precious metal may be allocated on a relevant London 
business day on which it is called for, with precious metal generally available for collection within two 
London business days. This time frame can be shortened or lengthened by mutual agreement depending 
upon amount and prevailing market conditions. 
Using the analogy of a simple bank account, precious metal bars may be drawn down, or allocated, from 
an unallocated account in just the same way that bank notes with specific unique numbers may be drawn 
out of a bank account. 
Settlement Credit Risk 
Since London is either five or four hours (depending on the time of the calendar year) ahead of New York 
and the cut-off time for loco London bullion transfer instructions is 4.00 p.m. London time and loco London 
platinum and palladium transfer instructions are 3.00 p.m. London time, credit exposure arises between 
the parties to a bullion spot transaction against U.S. dollars. The seller of bullion will not have absolute 
confirmation that the countervalue in currency has been received in their New York U.S. dollar account 
before having to release the bullion to their counterpart in London. This credit risk is similar to that created 
by settlement of a foreign exchange transaction, for example euros versus U.S. dollars. 
Vaulting 
Certain members of the London precious metals market either use their own vaults for the storage of 
physical precious metals or have the dedicated use of storage facilities with another party. Additionally, for 
gold, account facilities for allocated metal at the Bank of England are sometimes used. Costs for storage 
and insurance of precious metals are subject to negotiation.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
  
GOLD 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to gold 
or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of gold. The summary below gives relevant 
details about the market for gold in London.  
London Bullion Market Association 
The LBMA is the London-based trade association that represents the wholesale gold and silver bullion 
market in London. London is the focus of the international OTC market for gold and silver, with a client 
base that includes the majority of the central banks that hold gold, plus producers, refiners, fabricators and 
other traders throughout the world. The LBMA was formally incorporated in 1987. 
Members of the London bullion market typically trade with each other and with their clients on a principal-
to-principal basis, which means that all risks, including those of credit, are between the two counterparties 
to a transaction, as opposed to an exchange traded environment. The London bullion market is a wholesale 
market, where minimum traded amounts for clients are generally 1,000 ounces of gold and 50,000 ounces 
of silver.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, further information on the LBMA can be found on www.lbma.org.uk. 
Good Delivery 
The LBMA “Good Delivery List” is now widely recognised as representing the de facto standard for the 
quality of gold and silver bars due to the stringent criteria for assaying standards and bar quality that an 
applicant must satisfy in order to be listed. 
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Gold 
The unit for delivery of loco London gold is the London Good Delivery gold bar (“LGD gold bar”). It must 
have a minimum fineness of 995.0 and a gold content of between 350 and 430 fine troy ounces with the 
bar weight expressed in multiples of 0.025 of an ounce (which is the smallest weight used in the market). 
Bars are generally close to 400 ounces or 12.5 kilograms. The LBMA document The Good Delivery Rules 
for Gold and Silver Bars describes the rules for weighing bars and how the numbers can be rounded. Gold 
bars are weighed using a beam balance. When weighing a gold bar, it must “turn the scale” when the 
correct weight is placed on the scale. If a bar does not “turn the scale,” then the recorded weight is reduced 
by 0.025 of an ounce. 
“Turn the scale” means that the indicator needle on the beam balance moves at least two divisions of 0.002 
ounce each in favour of the bar. 
Fine gold content refers to the actual quantity of pure gold in a bar and is expressed to three decimal 
places. The fine gold content is calculated by multiplying the recorded gross weight by the fineness (to one 
decimal place). Rounding of the third decimal in the resulting figure is allowed if the fourth decimal prior to 
any rounding is a nine. 
Additionally, each gold bar must bear the following markings: 
(i) 
the serial number;  
(ii) 
the assay stamp of refiner; 
(iii) 
the fineness (to four significant figures); and 
(iv) 
the year of manufacture (expressed in four digits). 
LGD gold bars must conform to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. A variety of smaller 
exact weight bars is available for sale to wholesale clients in addition to LGD gold bars, however for the 
purposes of the Programme all gold bars that form part of the Secured Property are intended to conform 
to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
  
Further information, including The Good Delivery Rules, can be found on http://www.lbma.org.uk/good-
delivery. 
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement of the loco London bullion quotation is delivery of a standard LGD gold bar at the 
London vault nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a 
transaction will generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of gold against 
transactions in gold are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the 
vault of the dealer, (ii) by credit to an “allocated account” or (iii) through the London Bullion Clearing system 
to the “unallocated account” of any third party. Many dealers maintain “consignment stocks” of physical 
bullion around the world to facilitate efficient and speedy delivery in active bullion centres. 
Market Regulation 
As far as the London bullion market is concerned, regulation falls under two categories, the companies 
involved and the market itself. Responsibility for the prudential banking regulation of many of the financial 
firms that are active in the London bullion market lies with the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) 
(www.bankofengland.co.uk). The UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) is responsible for the 
prudential regulation of financial firms not subject to prudential regulation by the PRA. The PRA works 
closely with the FCA, which is responsible for all conduct of business regulation of financial firms, as well 
as for consumer and competition issues. 
Conduct of business in the London bullion market however falls under two jurisdictions dictated by the type 
of business. In its role as conduct regulator for all financial firms, the FCA is responsible for “investment 
business” as defined under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”), which 
for the bullion market covers derivatives.  
The requirements upon financial firms in their dealings with market professionals are set out in FSMA (and 
rules, guidance and other provisions made thereunder) and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (“UK MiFIR”). 
For spot, forwards and deposits in gold which are not covered by the FSMA, guidelines for the conduct of 
business are set out in The London Code of Conduct for Non-Investment Products, as amended from time 
to time (the “NIP Code”). This NIP Code has been drawn up by market practitioners representing the 
foreign exchange, money and bullion markets in conjunction with the Bank of England. It sets out the 
standards of conduct and professionalism expected between market practitioners as between them and 
their clients. 
The LBMA Gold Price  
As of 20 March 2015, the LBMA established the LBMA Gold Price and ICE Benchmark Administration took 
over administration of such pricing mechanism from the LBMA. The LBMA Gold Price is set twice daily at 
10.30 a.m. and 3.00 p.m. (London time) in three currencies: USD, EUR and GBP.  
Description of Physical Gold 
Properties 
Gold is a dense, lustrous, yellow precious metal that has been used as a store of value, as a unit of 
exchange and in jewellery. It is the most malleable and ductile metal known to man such that a single gram 
of gold can be beaten into a sheet of one square metre or a wire one mile long. Gold is a good conductor 
of heat and electricity, and it is unaffected by air, heat, moisture and most solvents.  
Major uses  
The majority of gold consumption comes from the jewellery sector. When used in jewellery, the quality of 
gold is measured in karats (k), with pure gold being 24k, and lower numbers indicating higher copper or 
silver content, for example. Gold has some industrial uses due to its electrical conductivity, resistance to

--- Page 83 ---
83 
  
corrosion, reflectiveness, and other physical and chemical properties. It is used in electrical connectors 
and contacts, electronics, restorative dentistry, medical applications, chemistry and photography.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
  
SILVER 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to silver 
or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of silver. The summary below gives 
relevant details about the market for silver in London.  
London Bullion Market Association 
The LBMA is the London-based trade association that represents the wholesale gold and silver bullion 
market in London. London is the focus of the international OTC market for gold and silver, with a client 
base that includes the majority of the central banks that hold gold, plus producers, refiners, fabricators and 
other traders throughout the world. The LBMA was formally incorporated in 1987. 
Members of the London bullion market typically trade with each other and with their clients on a principal-
to-principal basis, which means that all risks, including those of credit, are between the two counterparties 
to a transaction, as opposed to an exchange traded environment. The London bullion market is a wholesale 
market, where minimum traded amounts for clients are generally 1,000 ounces of gold and 50,000 ounces 
of silver.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, further information on the LBMA can be found on www.lbma.org.uk. 
Good Delivery 
The LBMA “Good Delivery List” is now widely recognised as representing the de facto standard for the 
quality of gold and silver bars due to the stringent criteria for assaying standards and bar quality that an 
applicant must satisfy in order to be listed. 
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Silver 
The unit for delivery of loco London silver is the London Good Delivery silver bar (“LGD silver bar”). It 
must have a minimum fineness of 999 and a weight range of between 750 and 1,100 ounces, although it 
is recommended that ideally bars should be produced within the range of 900 to 1,050 ounces. Bars 
generally weigh around 1,000 ounces. The bar weight is expressed in multiples of 0.10 of an ounce (which 
is the smallest weight used for a beam balance). The LBMA document The Good Delivery Rules for Gold 
and Silver Bars describes the rules for weighing bars and how the numbers can be rounded. Silver bars 
are weighed using a beam balance. When weighing a silver bar, it must “turn the scale” when the correct 
weight is placed on the scale. If a bar does not “turn the scale,” then the recorded weight is reduced by 
0.10 of an ounce. 
“Turn the scale” means that the indicator needle on the beam balance moves at least two divisions of 0.002 
ounce each in favour of the bar. 
Additionally, each silver bar must bear the following markings: 
(i) 
the serial number;  
(ii) 
the assay stamp of refiner; 
(iii) 
the fineness (to either three or four significant figures);  
(iv) 
the year of manufacture (expressed in four digits); and 
(v) 
optionally, the weight, if included, may be shown in either troy ounces or kilograms. 
LGD silver bars must conform to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. A variety of smaller 
exact weight bars is available for sale to wholesale clients in addition to LGD silver bars, however for the 
purposes of the Programme all silver bars that form part of the Secured Property are intended to conform 
to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. 
Further information, including The Good Delivery Rules, can be found on http://www.lbma.org.uk/good-
delivery.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
  
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement of the loco London bullion quotation is delivery of a standard LGD silver bar at the 
London vault nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a 
transaction will generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of silver against 
transactions in silver are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the 
vault of the dealer, (ii) by credit to an “allocated account” or (iii) through the London Bullion Clearing system 
to the “unallocated account” of any third party. Many dealers maintain “consignment stocks” of physical 
bullion around the world to facilitate efficient and speedy delivery in active bullion centres. 
Market Regulation 
As far as the London bullion market is concerned, regulation falls under two categories, the companies 
involved and the market itself. Responsibility for the prudential banking regulation of many of the financial 
firms that are active in the London bullion market lies with the PRA (www.bankofengland.co.uk). The FCA 
is responsible for the prudential regulation of financial firms not subject to prudential regulation by the PRA. 
The PRA works closely with the FCA, which is responsible for all conduct of business regulation of financial 
firms, as well as for consumer and competition issues. 
Conduct of business in the London bullion market however falls under two jurisdictions dictated by the type 
of business. In its role as conduct regulator for all financial firms, the FCA is responsible for “investment 
business” as defined under the FSMA, which for the bullion market covers derivatives.  
The requirements upon financial firms in their dealings with market professionals are set out in FSMA (and 
rules, guidance and other provisions made thereunder) and UK MiFIR. For spot, forwards and deposits in 
silver which are not covered by the FSMA, guidelines for the conduct of business are set out in The London 
Code of Conduct for Non-Investment Products, as amended from time to time (the “NIP Code”). This NIP 
Code has been drawn up by market practitioners representing the foreign exchange, money and bullion 
markets in conjunction with the Bank of England. It sets out the standards of conduct and professionalism 
expected between market practitioners as between them and their clients. 
The LBMA Silver Price 
As of 15 August 2014, the LBMA established the LBMA Silver Price and the CME Group provide the 
electronic auction platform on which the price is calculated. The LBMA Silver Price is set by a series of 
auction rounds, each lasting 30 seconds. The auction begins daily at 12:00 and participants are required 
to input their buy volume and sell volume orders in lakhs (100,000 ounces) or quarter lakhs (25,000 
ounces).  
Description of Physical Silver 
Properties  
Silver is often found in close proximity to other ores, such as lead, copper and zinc. Silver has the highest 
electrical conductivity of all metals, but its cost being many times more expensive than copper has 
prevented it from being used more widely for electrical purposes. It is also ductile, malleable, a superior 
conductor of heat and a good reflector of light.  
Major uses  
Demand for Silver is dominated by three main categories: jewellery and silverware, industrial applications 
and photography. It is used in the electronics sector due to its conductivity and price in relation to gold. 
Photographic use has declined with the rise of digital photography. Other industrial applications of silver 
include catalyst use, water purification, electrical applications, brazing and soldering, mirror and other 
coating and electroplating.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
  
PLATINUM 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to 
platinum or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of platinum. The summary below 
gives relevant details about the market for platinum in London.  
London Platinum and Palladium Market  
The LPPM is a trade association that acts as a co-ordinator for activities conducted by its members1 and 
other market participants in the London market.  
The LPPM is managed by a Chairman and Management Committee, elected annually by members. 
Leading organisations dealing in platinum and palladium in major centres worldwide are represented on 
the LPPM. 
Good Delivery 
To facilitate trading among members, a list of acceptable melters and assayers is maintained by the LPPM. 
This is known as The London/Zurich Good Delivery List. The rules for Good Delivery can be found at the 
following website address: www.lppm.com/good-delivery-rules/. 
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Platinum 
The unit for delivery of loco London platinum is the Good Delivery platinum plate or ingot. It must have a 
minimum fineness of 999.5 and a weight of between one kilogram (32.151 troy ounces) and six kilograms 
(192.904 troy ounces). The weight of the plate or ingot if in grams must be expressed to one decimal place 
and if in troy ounces to three decimal places. Platinum Good Delivery plates or ingots must conform to the 
specifications for Good Delivery set by the LPPM. To qualify as Good Delivery platinum must conform to 
the following specifications: 
(i) 
Markings: Each plate or ingot must bear: 
(a) 
the producer’s recognised mark; 
(b) 
the letters PT or PLATINUM with a stamp indicating the purity; 
(c) 
an individual number or mark; 
(d) 
the year of manufacture; and 
(e) 
the weight in grams, kilograms or troy ounces (if in grams to one decimal place, if in kilograms 
to four decimal places, or if in troy ounces to three decimal places). 
(ii) 
Appearance: Smooth, free from cavities and easy to handle. 
The list of refiners and assayers whose material was found by the LPPM to meet the required standard 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
website 
addresses: 
www.lppm.com/platinum-list/ 
and 
www.lppm.com/palladium-list/. 
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement is delivery of a standard Good Delivery plate or ingot at the London vault 
nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a transaction will 
generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of platinum against transactions in 
platinum are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the vault of the 
dealer, (ii) by credit to an “allocated account” (see below) or (iii) through the London Bullion Clearing to the 
“unallocated account” (see below) of any third party.  
 
1 For the full list of members see the LPPM website at www.lppm.com.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
  
Market Regulation 
The principal-to-principal platinum and palladium market is not in itself regulated by the PRA or FCA, 
although some of the participants may be regulated to the extent that they trade in platinum or palladium 
derivative products or they need to be FCA (and, if applicable PRA) regulated by virtue of other aspects of 
their business. 
The London Platinum Price 
The London Platinum Price is administrated by the London Metal Exchange and is conducted as an 
electronic auction by four full members of the LPPM at 9.45 a.m. and 2.00 p.m. London time each working 
day.  
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, settlement shall be made two business days after the date of the 
contract and for settlement purposes Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays in London and/or New York 
are to be considered non-business days. Unless otherwise agreed delivery shall be made at the vaults of 
the member, in London or Zurich. For the purposes of the Base Prospectus and the Issuer, delivery of 
platinum over which Security will be taken by the Trustee will only be made in London.  
Description of Physical Platinum 
Properties 
Platinum has a very recent history, unlike gold and silver, which have been known since the earliest 
civilisations. Platinum was only categorised as a precious metal in 1751. It is a noble metal which means 
that very few chemicals will react with it or corrode it. It is 30 times rarer than gold and it is also twice as 
expensive and heavy as gold. 
Major producers  
The major producers are South Africa, Russia, Zimbabwe, Canada and the United States. In terms of yield, 
7 to 12 tonnes of ore are required to produce one troy ounce of platinum. 
Major uses  
Platinum has excellent catalytic properties and fuel cells use it as a catalyst to convert hydrogen and 
oxygen to electricity. This accounts for over 40 per cent. of total platinum usage. Platinum’s role in 
hydrogen fuel cell technology could revolutionise the demand for the metal in an environment of high oil 
prices and focus on renewable energies.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
  
PALLADIUM 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to 
palladium or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of palladium. The summary 
below gives relevant details about the market for palladium in London.  
London Platinum and Palladium Market  
The LPPM is a trade association that acts as a co-ordinator for activities conducted by its members2 and 
other market participants in the London market.  
The LPPM is managed by a Chairman and Management Committee, elected annually by members. 
Leading organisations dealing in platinum and palladium in major centres worldwide are represented on 
the LPPM. 
Good Delivery 
To facilitate trading among members, a list of acceptable melters and assayers is maintained by the LPPM. 
This is known as The London/Zurich Good Delivery List. The rules for Good Delivery can be found at the 
following website address: www.lppm.com/good-delivery-rules/.  
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Palladium 
The unit for delivery of loco London palladium is the Good Delivery palladium plate or ingot. It must have 
a minimum fineness of 999.5 and a weight of between one kilogram (32.151 troy ounces) and six kilograms 
(192.904 troy ounces). The weight of the plate or ingot if in grams must be expressed to one decimal place 
and if in troy ounces to three decimal places. Palladium Good Delivery plates or ingots must conform to 
the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LPPM. 
In addition, to qualify as “good delivery” palladium must conform to the following specifications: 
(i) 
Markings: Each plate or ingot must bear: 
(a) 
the producer’s recognised mark; 
(b) 
the letters PD or PALLADIUM with a stamp indicating the purity; 
(c) 
an individual number or mark; 
(d) 
the year of manufacture; and 
(e) 
the weight in grams, kilograms or troy ounces (if in grams to one decimal place, if in kilograms 
to four decimal places, or if in troy ounces to three decimal places). 
(ii) 
Appearance: Smooth, free from cavities and easy to handle. 
The list of refiners and assayers whose material was found by the LPPM to meet the required standard 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
website 
addresses: 
www.lppm.com/platinum-list/ 
and 
www.lppm.com/palladium-list/. 
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement is delivery of a standard Good Delivery plate or ingot at the London vault 
nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a transaction will 
generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of palladium against transactions 
in palladium are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the vault of 
the dealer, (ii) by credit to an “allocated account” or (iii) through the London Clearing to the “unallocated 
account” of any third party.  
 
2 For the full list of Members see the LPPM website at www.lppm.com.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
  
Market Regulation 
The principal-to-principal platinum and palladium market is not in itself regulated by the PRA or FCA, 
although some of the participants may be regulated to the extent that they trade in platinum or palladium 
derivative products or they need to be FCA (and, if applicable PRA) regulated by virtue of other aspects of 
their business. 
The London Palladium Price 
The London Palladium Price is administrated by the London Metal Exchange and is conducted as an 
electronic auction by four full members of the LPPM at 9.45 a.m. and 2.00 p.m. London time each working 
day.  
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, settlement shall be made two business days after the date of the 
contract and for settlement purposes Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays in London and/or New York 
are to be considered non-business days. Unless otherwise agreed delivery shall be made at the vaults of 
the member, in London or Zurich. For the purposes of the Base Prospectus and the Issuer, delivery of 
palladium over which Security will be taken by the Trustee will only be made in London.  
Description of Physical Palladium 
Properties 
Palladium has a very recent history, unlike gold and silver, which have been known since the earliest 
civilisations. Palladium was isolated as a separate metal less than 200 years ago. It has excellent catalytic 
properties but it is not as resistant to tarnishing as platinum. 
Major uses  
Catalytic applications account for the majority of total palladium usage, with the leading use being in 
automobile catalysts, as well as catalysts in bulk-chemical production and petroleum refining, with the next 
biggest usages in electronics and jewellery.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
  
MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETC SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the ETC Securities. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms or 
(ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, shall be endorsed on the Bearer Securities. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of (i) above the blanks in the text of these terms and conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the relevant Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in such provisions; alternative or optional provisions in these terms and conditions which are 
not specified or which are expressly disapplied or deleted in the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed to 
be deleted from these terms and conditions; and all provisions of these terms and conditions which are 
inapplicable to the ETC Securities (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square 
brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these terms and conditions, as required to give effect to the 
terms of the relevant Final Terms.  
These terms and conditions apply separately to each Series and, accordingly, references in these terms 
and conditions to “ETC Securities” are to the ETC Securities of the relevant Series only and references to 
any defined term that applies in respect of each Series is to such defined term as it relates to such relevant 
Series (unless, in any such case, specified otherwise or unless the context otherwise requires). 
Italicised wording contained in these Conditions is included as instructions, guidance or disclosure only 
and does not form part of the Conditions of the ETC Securities.  
A non-binding translation of the following text of the terms and conditions may be prepared in relation to 
this Series of ETC Securities. The English language version of the terms and conditions shall be binding 
and prevail in all circumstances. Any such translations will not be reviewed and approved by the Central 
Bank or Euronext Dublin or any another similar body in any other jurisdiction. 
Copies of the relevant Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, each Security Deed, the Conditions, [If FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Balancing Agreement,] the Custody Agreement for 
Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account, the Agency Agreement, the Determination Agent Agreement, the 
Programme Administrator Agreement and the Metal Agent Agreement referred to in these terms and 
conditions are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Issuing Agent and will be sent to a prospective or current Securityholder on request to 
the Issuer or the Issuing Agent. 
References in the Conditions or any Transaction Document to a party publishing any value, rate, level, 
notice or other information shall be deemed to include any agent, delegate or appointee of such party 
publishing such value, rate, level, notice or other information on behalf of that party. 
1 
Definitions  
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Account Bank” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, and any successor or replacement thereto.  
“Additional Enforcement Amount” means, where there has been enforcement of the Security constituted 
under either Security Deed, an amount per ETC Security (if positive) equal to (i) the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, that would have prevailed had any proceeds 
of the sale of the Underlying Metal by or on behalf of the Trustee been treated as part of the Net Sale 
Proceeds and had the aggregate number of Trading Units of the Underlying Metal sold by or on behalf of 
the Trustee been treated as part of the Aggregate Metal Sold, minus (ii) the actual Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, determined in accordance with Condition 7.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
  
“Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b).  
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of this Series of ETC Securities and a Reference 
Rate, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion 
in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference 
Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Programme Administrator [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text 
will apply or be inserted – , the Series Counterparty] or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted 
under any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the ETC Securities. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Affected Party” has the meaning given to 
it in connection with the definition of Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice.] 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person 
or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person or entity. 
For these purposes, “control” of any entity or person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) 
vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the 
relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person 
or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
“Agency Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, the agency agreement relating to such Series of ETC 
Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent(s) and any other 
parties thereto and in the form of the Master Agency Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the 
Issue Deed) and as such Agency Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time 
to time. 
“Agent Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(iii). 
“Agent Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(iii). 
“Agents” means the Programme Administrator, the Determination Agent, the Issuing Agent, the Secured 
Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, the Paying Agent(s), 
the Metal Agent, the Account Bank and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in 
relation to the ETC Securities, and any successor or replacement thereto and “Agent” means any of them. 
“Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“Aggregate Metal Sold” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“amount” with respect to (i) an amount of Metal; (ii) an amount of unallocated Metal; or (iii) an amount of 
Underlying Metal, means a quantity of Metal, unallocated Metal or Underlying Metal (respectively) 
expressed as a number of Trading Units. 
“Appointee” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19(y). 
“Authorised Participant” means each Authorised Participant appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
relation to the ETC Securities from time to time. The current list of Authorised Participants for this Series 
of ETC Securities shall be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com 
from time to time (or such other website notified by the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time 
to time).  
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, each authorised participant 
agreement entered into between the Issuer and an Authorised Participant in connection with ETC

--- Page 92 ---
92 
  
Securities to the extent it relates to this Series of ETC Securities and which may be entered into at any 
time, whether before or after the Series Issue Date. 
“Average Metal Sale Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement” means, in respect 
of a Series, the balancing agreement relating to the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the 
Series Counterparty and in the form of the Master Balancing Terms, (as amended and/or supplemented 
by the Issue Deed) and as such Balancing Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced 
from time to time (including pursuant to Condition 11).]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Early Termination 
Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(ii).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Event of Default” 
means one of the following events occurs and is then continuing with respect to a party to the relevant 
Balancing Agreement: 
(i) 
Failure to pay or deliver: Failure by the party to make, when due, any payment or delivery required 
under the relevant Balancing Agreement if such failure is not remedied on or before the 10th 
calendar day after notice of such failure is given to the party; 
(ii) 
Breach of agreement: Failure by the party to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation 
(other than an obligation to make any payment or delivery under the relevant Balancing Agreement) 
to be complied with or performed by the party in accordance with the relevant Balancing Agreement 
if such failure is not remedied within 30 calendar days after notice of such failure is given to the 
party; 
(iii) 
Misrepresentation: A representation made or deemed made in the relevant Balancing Agreement 
proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; 
(iv) 
Bankruptcy: The party (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (2) in the case of the Series Counterparty only, becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (in 
the case of the Series Counterparty) or its Securityholders (in the case of the Issuer); (4)(A) institutes 
or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it (other than, in the case of the Issuer, by 
the Series Counterparty or any of its Affiliates) a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or 
petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either 
(I) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (II) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within 15 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution 
passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks (in the case of the Series Counterparty only) or (in the case of 
both the Issuer and the Series Counterparty) becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian, examiner or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the 
appointment of a trustee, custodian, examiner or similar person for the purpose of an issue of notes

--- Page 93 ---
93 
  
or other securities by the Issuer); (7) has a secured party (other than, in the case of the Issuer, the 
Trustee) take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets (in the case of the Series Counterparty) or the assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer 
under the relevant Balancing Agreement are secured pursuant to the Security Deeds (in the case 
of the Issuer) and such secured party (other than, in the case of the Issuer, the Trustee) maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within 15 calendar days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in clauses (1) to (7) above (inclusive); or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its 
consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; and 
(v) 
Enforcement: Solely in the case of the Issuer, any event or circumstance shall occur that has caused 
the Security over the Secured Property to become enforceable.]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Event of Default 
Notice” means, in respect of the relevant Balancing Agreement, a notice validly given by the non-defaulting 
party (the “Non-Defaulting Party”) to the defaulting party (the “Defaulting Party”) that a Balancing 
Agreement Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Defaulting Party, in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Balancing Agreement.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Illegality” has the 
meaning given to it in connection with the definition of Balancing Agreement Termination Event.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Optional 
Termination Notice” means, in respect of the relevant Balancing Agreement, provided that no Balancing 
Agreement Event of Default with respect to the party delivering such notice has occurred and is continuing 
under the relevant Balancing Agreement and provided that no notice of termination of the relevant 
Balancing Agreement has already been given, a notice given by the Issuer or the Series Counterparty, as 
the case may be, in accordance with the terms of the Balancing Agreement that such party wishes to 
optionally terminate the Balancing Agreement.]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(ii).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event 
Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(ii).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Tax Event” has the 
meaning given to it in connection with the definition of Balancing Agreement Termination Event.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Termination Event” 
means one of the following events occurs and is then continuing with respect to a party to the relevant 
Balancing Agreement: 
(i) 
Illegality: Due to an event or circumstance (other than any action taken by such party) occurring 
after the relevant Series Issue Date, it becomes unlawful under any applicable law (including without 
limitation the laws of any country in which any payment, delivery or compliance is required by either 
party), on any day, or it would be unlawful if the relevant payment, delivery or compliance were 
required on that day (in each case, other than as a result of a breach by such party of its obligations 
to use all reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all consents of any governmental or 
other authority that are required to be obtained by it with respect to the relevant Balancing 
Agreement and to use all reasonable efforts to obtain without undue expense or material adverse 
consequences any that may become necessary in the future) for such party to make a payment or 
delivery required by the relevant Balancing Agreement or to comply with any other material provision 
of the relevant Balancing Agreement (a “Balancing Agreement Illegality”);

--- Page 94 ---
94 
  
(ii) 
Tax event: Such party will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next date on which 
a payment or delivery is (a) due to it under the relevant Balancing Agreement, receive a payment 
or delivery from which an amount is required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of a Tax; 
or (b) due from or to it under the relevant Balancing Agreement, be liable to account for VAT on 
such payment or delivery (whether such VAT is recoverable or not) (a “Balancing Agreement Tax 
Event”); or 
(iii) 
Extraordinary Event: The occurrence of an Extraordinary Event.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Balancing Agreement Termination Event 
Notice” means, in respect of the relevant Balancing Agreement, a notice validly given by the affected party 
(or in respect of an Extraordinary Event, either party) (in each case, the “Affected Party”) to the other party 
that a Balancing Agreement Termination Event has occurred and that it is the Affected Party in accordance 
with the terms of the relevant Balancing Agreement.] 
“Base Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Bearer Securities” means ETC Securities issued in bearer form. 
“Business Day” means any Weekday that is a Metal Business Day and a Currency Business Day provided 
that, for the purposes of the period falling between the end of any Early Redemption Disposal Period or 
the Final Redemption Disposal Period and the Scheduled Early Redemption Date or the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (as applicable), such Weekday must also be a Dublin Business Day. 
“Buy-Back Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant for the Series of ETC Securities that 
the Issuer buy back ETC Securities of the relevant Series of ETC Securities in the number of ETC 
Securities specified in such request.  
“Buy-Back Trade Date” means, provided no Disruption Event Notice has been delivered in relation 
thereto, a London Business Day on which a Buy-Back Order delivered by the relevant Authorised 
Participant is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“CBF GN” means a Global Security in global note form for deposit with Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
“Central Bank” means the Central Bank of Ireland and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“CDI” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“CGN” means a Global Security in classic global note form. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Change in Law Extraordinary Event” 
means, due to: (x) the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation or rule (including, 
without limitation, any tax law) or (y) the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law, rule, regulation or order, 
in each case, the Series Counterparty determines (by notice to the Programme Administrator and the 
Issuer) in good faith, that:  
(i) 
it is contrary to such law, rule, regulation or order for the Series Counterparty and/or any Affiliate of 
it relevant to its activities as Series Counterparty with respect to the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities to hold, acquire or dispose of (in whole or in part) any spot transaction, forward 
transaction or other related transaction relating to either currency of the Currency Pair on any FX 
Business Day or hold, acquire or dispose (in whole or in part) of any Metal or related transaction on 
any Metal Business Day (save for where such non-compliance could reasonably be remedied or 
avoided by the Series Counterparty and/or Affiliate obtaining any necessary licences or permissions 
that it would be reasonable to expect an entity of its type and pursuing similar business to obtain or 
maintain in the ordinary course of its business);

--- Page 95 ---
95 
  
(ii) 
holding a position (whether spot or forward) in any currency of the Currency Pair on any FX Business 
Day is (or, but for the consequent disposal or termination thereof, would otherwise be) in excess of 
any allowable position limit(s) applicable to the Series Counterparty and/or any Affiliate of it relevant 
to its activities as Series Counterparty with respect to the relevant Series of ETC Securities under 
any such law, rule, regulation or order; 
(iii) 
holding a position in Metal on any Metal Business Day is (or, but for the consequent disposal or 
termination thereof, would otherwise be) illegal, contrary to any law, rule, regulation or order or 
would be in excess of any allowable position limit(s) applicable to the Series Counterparty and/or 
any Affiliate of it relevant to its activities as Series Counterparty with respect to the relevant Series 
of ETC Securities under any such law, rule, regulation or order (save for where such non-compliance 
could reasonably be remedied or avoided by the Series Counterparty and/or Affiliate obtaining any 
necessary licences or permissions that it would be reasonable to expect an entity of its type and 
pursuing similar business to obtain or maintain in the ordinary course of its business);  
(iv) 
there is an occurrence or existence of any (i) suspension or limitation imposed on trading in any 
currency comprised in the Currency Pair on any FX Business Day or (ii) event that causes trading 
in any currency comprised in the Currency Pair on any FX Business Day to cease, and, in each 
case, such suspension, limitation or cessation has a material impact on the ability of the Series 
Counterparty to perform its obligations as such or to hedge such obligations, whether by itself or 
through an Affiliate;  
(v) 
the laws, regulations, rules or orders relating to foreign investment in a Currency Jurisdiction 
(including, but not limited to, changes in tax laws and/or laws relating to capital markets and 
corporate ownership) have or will change in a manner that the Series Counterparty determines in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner are likely to materially affect an investment made 
in a Currency Pair; or 
(vi) 
the Series Counterparty and/or any Affiliate of it relevant to its activities as Series Counterparty with 
respect to the relevant Series of ETC Securities would suffer a materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the relevant Series Issue Date or, if later, the date on which it first 
became Series Counterparty) amount of tax, duty, expense, cost of transacting or fee (other than 
commissions) in relation to it being able to (a) acquire, establish, reestablish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to trade in order to manage 
the price risk of entering into or performing its obligations with respect to the relevant Balancing 
Agreement or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Series Counterparty shall not result in a Change in Law Extraordinary 
Event.] 
“Clearing System” means (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream, Frankfurt, (iii) Clearstream, Luxembourg or (iv) 
any other recognised clearing system in which ETC Securities of a Series may be cleared. 
“Clearstream, Frankfurt” means Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and any successor thereto. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any 
successor thereto. 
“Code” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c). 
“Companies Act” means the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended. 
“Commodity Futures Trading Commission” means the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
created pursuant to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission Act of 1974 (Public Law 93-463).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
  
“Commodity Regulatory Body” means any government, commission, regulatory body or agency that has 
authority to regulate any of the following: commodities, commodity futures contracts, commodity options, 
commodity indices and/or transactions on or relating to commodities, commodity futures contracts, 
commodity options and commodity indices in any relevant jurisdiction. 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions, as supplemented and/or varied or completed, as 
applicable, in respect of a Series or a particular Tranche by Part A of the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions of any Global Security.  
“Constitution” means the Issuer’s memorandum of association and articles of association or such other 
documents by which the Issuer is constituted.  
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the administration agreement in respect of the Issuer dated on 
or about 16 March 2020 entered into by the Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time.  
“Corporate Services Provider” means, with respect to the Issuer, Wilmington Trust SP Services (Dublin) 
Limited, whose registered office is at Fourth Floor, 3 George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland and any 
successor or replacement thereto.  
“Costs Amount” means, in respect of a Subscription Order or a Buy-Back Order in respect of FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, a fee, represented as an amount of Metal and charged by the Issuer to the relevant 
Authorised Participant, with such fee being at such level as may be notified by the Issuer or the Programme 
Administrator to such Authorised Participant from time to time but which shall not exceed the Maximum 
Costs Amount (but provided at least 30 calendar days’ notice are provided of any change to such level). 
The Costs Amount charged by the Issuer to an Authorised Participant allows the Issuer to fund an 
equivalent fee to the Series Counterparty. The Issuer will procure that it (or the Programme Administrator 
on its behalf) or the Series Counterparty will notify the Determination Agent of the relevant Costs Amount 
with respect to any Subscription Order or Buy-Back Order in order that the Determination Agent can include 
the same in its confirmation to such Authorised Participant.  
“CREST” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“CREST Depository Interests” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Currency Business Day” means, with respect to the Specified Currency and, if different, the Metal 
Currency, each Weekday on which for that currency (and, where the Specified Currency and the Metal 
Currency are different, for both those currencies on the same day) banks are generally scheduled to be 
open for business in the principal financial centre of that currency or, in the case of the euro, each Weekday 
that is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Convertibility Event” means, 
with respect to the Currency Pair on any FX Business Day, an event (including the announcement of an 
event) that makes it impossible or materially prevents, restricts or delays the Series Counterparty’s ability 
(a) to convert one currency of the Currency Pair into the other through customary legal channels or (b) 
convert the Currency Pair into U.S dollars at a rate at least as favourable as the rate for domestic 
institutions located in the relevant Currency Jurisdiction.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Deliverability Event” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 8(a).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Discontinuity Event” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 8(a).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Jurisdiction” has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 8(a).]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Pair” has the meaning given to it 
in Condition 8(a).] 
“Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts” means the custody agreement for secured accounts 
relating to the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Secured Account Custodian and any other 
parties thereto and in the form of the Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts (as amended and/or 
supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts is amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account” means the custody agreement for the Subscription 
Account relating to the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Subscription Account Custodian 
and any other parties thereto and in the form of the Master Custody Terms for the Subscription Account 
(as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account” means the custody agreement for 
the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account relating to the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the 
Fee Account Custodian and any other parties thereto and in the form of the Master Custody Terms for the 
Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account is amended, supplemented, novated or 
replaced from time to time. 
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Defaulting Party” has the meaning given 
to it in connection with the definition of Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice.] 
“Determination Agent” means State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Determination Agent Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, the determination agent agreement 
relating to such Series of ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Determination Agent and any other 
parties thereto and in the form of the Master Determination Agent Terms (as amended and/or 
supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Determination Agent Agreement is amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event” means the Determination Agent becomes incapable of acting, 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or 
insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or 
admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a 
resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of 
such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“Determination Agent Breach” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(f). 
“Disrupted Day” means a Scheduled Valuation Day that is not a Valuation Day. 
“Disruption Event” means any event that comprises a Metal Disruption Event, Force Majeure Disruption 
Event [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or FX Disruption Event]. 
“Disruption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b).

--- Page 98 ---
98 
  
“Dublin Business Day” means each day on which banks are generally scheduled to be open for business 
in Dublin.  
“DWSI” means DWS International GmbH and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Early Metal Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b). 
“Early Redemption Disposal Period” means, subject to Condition 8(c), the period which lasts [To be 
specified in Final Terms – [●]] days, which shall start from (but exclude) the date falling four Business Days 
following the Early Redemption Valuation Date [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted], 
provided that, in respect of a Balancing Agreement Redemption Event pursuant to Condition 7(d)(ii)(A) in 
circumstances where the Issuer has exercised its right pursuant to Condition 11 to suspend the 
determination of the Metal Entitlement per Security and the Value per ETC Security by the Determination 
Agent for any Suspension Period, such period shall start from (but exclude) the date falling four Business 
Days following the last day of the Suspension Period. 
“Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 7(c) and 7(d). 
“Early Redemption Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“Eligible Account Bank” means any bank, credit institution or financial institution whose business includes 
the provision of commercial bank accounts and which has a rating equal to the Eligible Account Bank 
Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Account Bank Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in 
the Final Terms for the purposes of this definition. 
“Eligible Custodian” means any institution whose business includes the provision of metal custodial 
services and which (i) is incorporated, domiciled and (where required in connection with the services 
provided) regulated as a custodian in an OECD country, (ii) has a rating equal to the Eligible Custodian 
Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency) and (iii) is a Member 
of the Relevant Association. 
“Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in the 
Final Terms for the purposes of this definition. 
“Eligible Determination Agent” means a reputable entity that provides administration services of a similar 
type to those required of the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions that the Issuer reasonably 
determines is capable of making the calculation(s) and/or determination(s) required to be made by the 
Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions.  
“Eligible Metal Agent” means any bank, credit institution, financial institution or investment firm (which for 
these purposes shall include any leading dealer or broker in precious metals and foreign exchange 
transactions) incorporated, domiciled and regulated in an OECD country with a rating equal to the Eligible 
Metal Agent Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency) or having 
the benefit of an enforceable guarantee from an Affiliate with a rating equal to the Eligible Metal Agent 
Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Metal Agent Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in the 
Final Terms for the purposes of this definition. 
“Eligible Programme Administrator” means a reputable entity that the Issuer reasonably determines is 
capable of performing the role of Programme Administrator under the Programme Administration 
Agreement.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Eligible Series Counterparty” means any 
bank, credit institution, financial institution or investment firm (which for these purposes shall include any 
leading dealer or broker in precious metals and foreign exchange transactions) which has, on the later of 
(i) the date that such Eligible Series Counterparty is appointed as the Series Counterparty and (ii) the 
relevant Series Issue Date, a rating equal to the Eligible Series Counterparty Threshold Rating or higher 
(or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency) or having the benefit of an enforceable guarantee 
from an Affiliate having, on the later of (i) the date that the relevant Eligible Series Counterparty is appointed 
as the Series Counterparty and (ii) the relevant Series Issue Date, a rating equal to the Eligible Series 
Counterparty Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Eligible Series Counterparty Threshold 
Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this definition.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “EMIR Deed” means a Deed in relation to 
certain obligations under Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012 (as amended) that may 
be entered into from time to time between the Issuer and a relevant Series Counterparty.] 
“English Law Secured Property” means the Secured Balancing Agreement Rights, the Secured Agent 
Rights and the Secured Assets which are secured pursuant to the English Law Security Deed. 
“English Law Security” means the security constituted by the English Law Security Deed. 
“English Law Security Deed” means, in respect of a Series, the security deed governed by English law 
relating to such Series of ETC Securities entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other 
parties thereto and in the form of the Master English Law Security Terms (as amended and/or 
supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such English Law Security Deed is amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Equivalent FX Forward Points Bloomberg 
Fixing” means, in relation to the FX Forward Points Reference Level on an Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the 
FX Forward Points (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be positive or negative) with respect to the 
Currency Pair, fixed for the same time as the FX Forward Points Reference Level, and as determined by 
adding the bid and ask rates fixed for the same time and published on the Reference FX Forward Points 
Bloomberg Screen, and dividing by two.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Equivalent FX Spot Bloomberg Fixing” 
means, in relation to the FX Spot Reference Level on an Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the mid currency 
exchange rate for the Currency Pair, fixed for the same time as the FX Spot Reference Level, and as 
determined by adding the bid and ask rates fixed for the same time and published on the Reference FX 
Spot Bloomberg Screen, and dividing by two.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Equivalent FX Price Source Disruption” 
means in relation to any FX Business Day: 
(i) 
in respect of an Equivalent FX Spot Bloomberg Fixing, the Reference FX Spot Bloomberg Screen 
does not publish the relevant rates needed (as determined by the Series Counterparty) to determine 
the Equivalent FX Spot Bloomberg Fixing within the time period that such rates are customarily 
displayed (unless the Programme Administrator and the Series Counterparty agree to use such rate 
notwithstanding that it was published later than is customary); and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Equivalent FX Forward Points Bloomberg Fixing, the Reference FX Forward Points 
Bloomberg Screen does not publish the relevant rates needed (as determined by the Series 
Counterparty) to determine the Equivalent FX Forward Points Bloomberg Fixing within the time 
period that such rates are customarily displayed (unless the Programme Administrator and the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
  
Series Counterparty agree to use such rate notwithstanding that it was published later than is 
customary).]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Equivalent FX Forward Points Series 
Counterparty Fixing” means, in relation to the FX Forward Points Reference Level on an Inaccuracy 
Valuation Day, the mid currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, fixed for the same time, and as 
determined by adding the bid and ask rates fixed for the same time and determined by the Series 
Counterparty in good faith and commercially reasonable manner, and dividing by two.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Equivalent FX Spot Series Counterparty 
Fixing” means, in relation to the FX Spot Reference Level on an Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the mid 
currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, fixed for the same time, and as determined by adding the 
bid and ask rates fixed for the same time and determined by the Series Counterparty in good faith and 
commercially reasonable manner, and dividing by two.] 
“ETC Securities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“EUI” means Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, and any successor thereto. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
“Euronext Dublin” means The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin and any successor 
thereto. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means, in respect of a Series, a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast, provided that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
of the aggregate number of the ETC Securities who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a 
meeting held in accordance with the Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Extraordinary Event” means the occurrence 
of any of the following: 
(i) 
a Change in Law Extraordinary Event; 
(ii) 
a Currency Convertibility Event; 
(iii) 
any FX Succession Event;  
(iv) 
more than 5 determinations of the FX Spot Reference Level are made by the Series Counterparty 
as a result of an FX Price Source Disruption or FX Price Inaccuracy within a 30 calendar day period 
and there has not been a replacement of the affected Reference Rate or Price Source pursuant to 
Condition 9 within 30 calendar days after the fifth such determination; 
(v) 
more than 5 determinations of the FX Forward Points Reference Level are made by the Series 
Counterparty as a result of an FX Price Source Disruption or FX Price Inaccuracy within a 30 
calendar day period and there has not been a replacement of the affected Reference Rate or Price 
Source pursuant to Condition 9 within 30 calendar days after the fifth such determination; or  
(vi) 
more than 10 consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days are days on which any of a FX Price Source 
Disruption, FX Price Inaccuracy, FX Disruption Event or a Metal Disruption Event has occurred.]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Fallback FX Spot Reference Level Fixing 
Time” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Fallback FX Spot Scheduled Fixing Day” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
“Fee Account Custodian” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“Fee Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means the Fee Account Custodian becomes incapable of 
acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt 
or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, 
liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing 
its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a resolution is passed 
or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other 
similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered 
approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer 
takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation. 
“Final Metal Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“Final Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(a). 
“Final Redemption Disposal Period” means, subject to Condition 8(c), the period which lasts [To be 
specified in Final Terms – [●]] days, which shall start from (but exclude) the date falling four Business Days 
following the Final Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Final Redemption Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“Final Terms” means, in respect of a Series and a Tranche, the final terms issued specifying the relevant 
issue details of such Tranche of ETC Securities for such Series, in the form and on the same terms set out 
in the Issue Deed relating to the first Tranche of ETC Securities for such Series (and with the final terms 
for each Tranche of a Series resulting in the same terms and conditions as the ETC Securities in all 
respects and so that such further Tranche shall be consolidated and form a single series with the ETC 
Securities pursuant to Condition 16, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, different issue dates and 
updated references to the number of ETC Securities of the Series and updated references to other 
variables as they stand at or around the issue date of the Tranche shall not result in different terms and 
conditions or to the final terms for the Tranche being deemed to be on different terms or in a different form). 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited and any successor or relevant affiliate thereto. 
“Force Majeure Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in it in Condition 8(a).  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Benchmark Provider” has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will or be inserted – “FX Business Day” means any Weekday on which 
the benchmark referenced by both the FX Spot Reference Level and the FX Forward Points Reference 
Level is scheduled, as provided by the source of such benchmarks, to be fixed during business hours in 
London (whether or not at the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time or FX Forward Points Reference Level 
Fixing Time).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will or be inserted – “FX Disruption Event” has the meaning given to 
it in Condition 8(a).]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points” has the meaning given 
to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points Reference Level 
Inaccuracy” means, on any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, (a) the Series Counterparty FX Forward Points Mid 
Rate Difference is greater than (b) the Relevant Standard Deviation calculated with reference to the 
Theoretical FX Forward Points Mid Rate Difference multiplied by the Relevant Standard Deviation 
Multiplier.]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points Reference Level” has 
the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points Reference Level Fixing 
Time” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points Reference Level 
Source” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Hedged ETC Securities” means, in 
respect of a Series of ETC Securities, that the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is subject to a hedge 
that seeks to mitigate movements in the exchange rate between the currency of such Series and the 
currency of the Metal Reference Price.]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Hedging Factor” has the meaning given 
to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Hedging Fee Percentage” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Price Inaccuracy” means the occurrence 
of either an FX Spot Reference Level Inaccuracy or an FX Forward Points Reference Level Inaccuracy.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Price Source Disruption” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Bid Reference Level” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source” has 
the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Offer Reference Level” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Offer Reference Level Source” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level” has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level Inaccuracy” 
means, on any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, (a) the Series Counterparty Spot Mid Rate Difference is greater 
than (b) the Relevant Standard Deviation calculated with reference to the Theoretical FX Spot Mid Rate 
Difference multiplied by the Relevant Standard Deviation Multiplier.]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level Source” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Succession Event” means, with respect 
to the Currency Pair on any FX Business Day, (a) the Currency Pair is lawfully eliminated and replaced 
with, converted into, redenominated as, or exchanged for, another currency; or (b) the Currency 
Jurisdiction divides into two or more countries or economic regions, as applicable, each with a different 
lawful currency immediately after that event.] 
[In relation to a Series of ETC Securities where the Global Security is to be deposited with Clearstream, 
Frankfurt or its depositary – “German Paying Agent” means State Street International Bank GmbH and 
any successor or replacement.] 
“Global Security” means, in respect of a Series, the global security representing the ETC Securities 
comprising such Series. 
[If Metal is Gold, text will apply or be inserted – “Gold” means (i) allocated gold bars complying with the 
rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect; and (ii) a contractual 
obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian (as applicable) 
to transfer an amount of gold complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness 
from time to time in effect not including Gold included under (i) above.] 
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
[In relation to a Series of ETC Securities where the Global Security is to be deposited with a common 
safekeeper or common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg – “ICSD Paying Agent” 
means the ICSD Paying Agent specified in the Final Terms.] 
“Initial Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b). 
“Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” means: 
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date, the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security [To be specified in Final 
Terms – [is][was] [●]]; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any subsequent Tranche of the ETC Securities issued after the Series Issue Date, the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security (as determined by the Determination Agent and published on 
the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website notified 
by the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time)) in respect of the Subscription 
Trade Date relating to such Tranche. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Inaccuracy Valuation 
Day” means: (a) in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level, an FX Business Day on which there is no FX 
Price Source Disruption in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level or Equivalent FX Price Source 
Disruption in respect of the Equivalent FX Spot Bloomberg Fixing and (b) in respect of the FX Forward 
Points Reference Level, an FX Business Day on which there is no FX Price Source Disruption in respect 
of the FX Forward Points Reference Level or Equivalent FX Price Source Disruption in respect of the 
Equivalent FX Forward Points Bloomberg Fixing.] 
“Interest” means, in respect of an ETC Security, the Specified Interest Amount.  
“Ireland” means the Republic of Ireland. 
“Irish Law Secured Property” means the Secured Balancing Agreement Rights, the Secured Agent 
Rights and the Secured Assets which are secured pursuant to the Irish Law Security Deed. 
“Irish Law Security” means the security constituted by the Irish Law Security Deed.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
  
“Irish Law Security Deed” means, in respect of a Series, the security deed governed by the laws of Ireland 
relating to such Series of ETC Securities entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other 
parties thereto and in the form of the Master Irish Law Security Terms (as amended and/or supplemented 
by the Issue Deed) and as such Irish Law Security Deed is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced 
from time to time. 
“Issue Deed” means, in respect of a Series, the issue deed in respect of this Series of ETC Securities 
made between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties specified therein and which 
constitutes such Series (as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time) and which 
will be entered into at the time of the first Tranche of ETC Securities for that Series and which will apply, 
without further action and without the need for re-execution or execution of a new Issue Deed, to any 
further Tranches of that Series. Any document which amends, supplements or replaces a Transaction 
Document originally constituted by the Issue Deed shall itself be considered to be part of the Issue Deed 
as between the parties to such document. 
“Issue Price per ETC Security” means: 
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date of a Series, the Issue Price per ETC Security of that Series is an amount 
equal to [If ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – (A) 
the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security; multiplied by (B) the Metal Reference Price with 
respect to the Series Issue Date] [If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply 
or be inserted – (A) the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security; multiplied by (B) (x) the Metal 
Reference Price with respect to the Series Issue Date divided by (y) the FX Spot Reference Level 
with respect to the Series Issue Date]; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any subsequent Tranche of the ETC Securities of that Series issued after the Series 
Issue Date, the Value per ETC Security (as determined by the Determination Agent and published 
on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website 
notified by the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time)) in respect of the 
Subscription Trade Date relating to such Tranche. 
“Issuer” means Xtrackers ETC plc, a public company limited by shares incorporated under the Companies 
Act 2014 of Ireland with registered number 627079, or any replacement or successor thereto. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(c). 
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(c). 
“Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 7(d)(i). 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
“Issuer Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(i). 
“Issuer Series Fees and Expenses” means the Series Overheads and, without duplication, the Series’ 
pro rata share of the general operating costs and expenses of the Issuer accrued and unpaid as at the 
date of redemption of the ETC Securities or, if later, on the date(s) on which application of proceeds is 
made in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Security Deeds and the Conditions. 
“Issuing Agent” means State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“LBMA” means The London Bullion Market Association and any successor thereto. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Liquidity Event” has the meaning given to 
it in Condition 8(a).]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
  
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in London. 
“London time” means the time in London, England.  
“Loss” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal costs 
and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, 
fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
“LPPM” means The London Platinum and Palladium Market and any successor thereto. 
“Master Agency Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master agency terms relating to the 
Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed or otherwise in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Master Balancing Terms” means, in respect 
of a Series, the master balancing terms relating to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in 
relation to such Series, as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in respect of 
that Series, whether in the Issue Deed or otherwise in accordance with the Conditions.] 
“Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts” means the master custody terms for secured accounts 
relating to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed 
or otherwise in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Master Custody Terms for the Subscription Account” means, in respect of a Series, the master 
custody terms for the subscription account relating to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in 
relation to such Series, as at the Series Issue Date.  
“Master Custody Terms for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account” means, in respect of a Series, 
the master custody terms for the subscription/buy-back fee account relating to the Programme and 
specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced 
from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed or otherwise in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
“Master Determination Agent Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master determination agent 
terms relating to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed 
or otherwise in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Master English Law Security Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master English law security 
terms relating to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed 
or otherwise in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Master Irish Law Security Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master Irish law security terms 
relating to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, a as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed 
or otherwise in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Master Metal Agent Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master metal agent terms relating to the 
Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed or otherwise in 
accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
  
“Master Programme Administrator Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master programme 
administrator terms relating to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, 
as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in 
the Issue Deed or otherwise in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Master Terms and Conditions” means, in respect of a Series, the master terms and conditions relating 
to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed or otherwise in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
“Master Trust Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master trust terms for bearer securities relating 
to the Programme and specified in the Issue Deed in relation to such Series, as amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time in respect of that Series, whether in the Issue Deed or otherwise in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
“Maturity Postponement Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c)(iii). 
“Maximum Base Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Maximum FX Hedging 
Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms.] 
“Maximum Costs Amount” means, with respect to any Subscription Order or Buy-Back Order and any 
related Valuation Day, an amount in Metal equal to (i) the number of ETC Securities that are the subject 
of such Subscription Order or Buy-Back Order multiplied by (ii) the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in 
respect of the immediately preceding Valuation Day divided by (iii) the FX Spot Reference Level in respect 
of that Valuation Day multiplied by (iv) the FXSpread for the relevant Currency Pair on that Valuation Day. 
With respect to any Subscription Order or Buy-Back Order, if the Valuation Day is the Series Issue Date, 
then for purposes of this definition the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the immediately 
preceding Valuation Day shall be equal to the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of such Series. 
“Member” means, with respect to the LBMA, a market making member or a full member and, with respect 
to the LPPM, a full member or an associate member (or their equivalents, in whatever terminology, at the 
relevant time).  
“Metal” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [Gold][Silver][Platinum][Palladium][●]]. 
“Metal Agent” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms and any successor or replacement thereto.  
“Metal Agent Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, the metal agent agreement relating to such 
Series of ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Metal Agent and any other parties thereto and 
in the form of the Master Metal Agent Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and 
as such Metal Agent Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Metal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means the Metal Agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a 
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar 
official of either the entity or all or substantially all its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet 
its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order made for 
the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of 
either the entity or all or substantially all its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition 
filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or 
control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
  
“Metal Business Day” means any Weekday on which the relevant benchmark referenced in the definition 
of Metal Reference Price is scheduled to be fixed during business hours in London. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Metal Currency” means, in relation to this 
Series of ETC Securities [To be specified in Final Terms – [●]].] 
“Metal Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a). 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Metal Entitlement FX Differential” has the 
meaning given to it under the Balancing Agreement.]  
“Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b). 
“Metal Reference Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Metal Reference Price Bid Spread” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Metal Reference Price Fixing Time” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Metal Reference Price Offer Spread” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Metal Reference Price Source” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Metal Reference Price Source Disruption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a). 
“Minimum Debt Principal Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(a)(ii). 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Inc. and any successor or relevant affiliate thereto. 
“Net Sale Proceeds” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“NGN” means a Global Security in new global note form. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Non-Defaulting Party” has the meaning 
given to it in connection with the definition of Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice.] 
“Obligor” means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer under the Secured Property. 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and any successor thereto. 
“Other Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Other Issuer Obligations. 
“Other Issuer Obligations” means the obligations and duties of the Issuer owed to any party under the 
Transaction Documents other than the Secured Issuer Obligations and “Other Issuer Obligation” means 
any of them. 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the ETC Securities and a Valuation Day, (i) on the Series Issue Date, 
the ETC Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any Valuation Day thereafter, all the ETC Securities 
issued on or prior to such Valuation Day except (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with 
Condition 7(a), 7(b) or 7(c); (b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Trustee or 
to the Issuing Agent and which remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of ETC 
Securities; (d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; (e) 
those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect 
of which either the settlement date for which has not yet been reached or the relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) has not delivered in full the relevant subscription amount; (f) those that have been purchased, 
settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 7(e); (g) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that 
have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (h) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many ETC Securities are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Bearer Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement ETC Securities have been issued provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right

--- Page 108 ---
108 
  
to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders, (2) the determination of how many Securities are 
outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the Balancing Agreement, the Trust Deed and the Security 
Deeds and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or 
impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Securityholders, those ETC Securities that 
are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be 
deemed not to remain outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, ETC Securities (if any) which the Issuer 
has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Day to issue but in respect of which either the settlement date 
has not been reached or delivery of the relevant subscription amount has not been received in full from 
the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet 
occurred shall not be deemed to be “outstanding” on such Valuation Day. 
[If Metal is Palladium, text will apply or be inserted – “Palladium” means (i) allocated palladium plates or 
ingots complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and purity from time to time in effect; 
and (ii) a contractual obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account 
Custodian (as applicable) to transfer an amount of palladium complying with the rules of the LPPM relating 
to good delivery and purity from time to time in effect not including Palladium included under (i) above.] 
“Paying Agent” means, (i) in relation to a Series of ETC Securities where the Global Security is to be 
deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt or its depositary, the Paying Agent shall be the German Paying 
Agent and (ii) in relation to a Series of ETC Securities where the Global Security is to be deposited with a 
common safekeeper or common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the ICSD Paying 
Agent. 
“Payment Business Day” means in relation to a payment, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which (i) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for the currency of the relevant payment or, in the case of euro, that is a TARGET Settlement Day and (ii) 
the Relevant Clearing System is open. 
[If Metal is Platinum, text will apply or be inserted – “Platinum” means (i) allocated platinum plates or ingots 
complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and purity from time to time in effect; and 
(ii) a contractual obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian 
(as applicable) to transfer an amount of platinum complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good 
delivery and purity from time to time in effect not including Platinum included under (i) above.] 
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
“Price Source” means, in respect of this Series of ETC Securities and any Reference Rate relating thereto, 
any screen or other source specified in these Conditions, including in the relevant Final Terms, on which 
such Reference Rate is expected to be displayed or published, as such screen or source may be replaced 
or succeeded pursuant to these Conditions. 
“Principal” means the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable (save for 
that part of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount consisting of the Specified Interest 
Amount). 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b). 
“Product Fee” means, in respect of a Series, a reduction to the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and 
which, as a result of such reduction, operates as a charge on holders of ETC Securities. The Issuer will 
periodically realise Metal equal to such charge and the proceeds will be credited to the Series Cash 
Account and used by the Issuer to meet fees, costs and charges payable to the Transaction Parties and 
of the Issuer more generally. The Product Fee for this Series of ETC Securities will be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4 using the Product Fee Percentage and shall accrue on a daily basis and be 
applied to the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of the Series of ETC Securities on each 
Valuation Day.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
  
“Product Fee Deduction Factor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Product Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Programme” means the Secured Xtrackers ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme of 
Xtrackers ETC plc (as may be renamed at the Issuer’s sole discretion from time to time). 
“Programme Administrator” means DWSI in its capacity as programme administrator under the 
Programme and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Programme Administrator Agreement” means the programme administration agreement relating to the 
ETC Securities and other similar securities and entered into by the Issuer, the Programme Administrator 
and any other parties thereto and in the form of the Master Programme Administrator Terms (as amended 
and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Programme Administrator Agreement is amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Programme Administrator Bankruptcy Event” means the Programme Administrator becomes 
incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is 
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a 
receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its 
assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, 
or if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or 
dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities” means 1,000,000,000. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “QFC Deed” means a QFC Deed that may 
be entered into from time to time between the Issuer and a relevant Series Counterparty.] 
“Qualifying Asset” means qualifying assets as within the meaning of Section 110(1) of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act 1997, as amended (or any successor thereto). 
“Rating Agency” means any of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P and “Rating Agencies” means each of them. 
“Redemption Disposal Period” means the Early Redemption Disposal Period or the Final Redemption 
Disposal Period, as applicable.  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Reference FX Spot Bloomberg Screen” 
means the Bloomberg screen “EUR Lxxx Curncy” or “GBP Lxxx Curncy” (where “xxx” indicates the first 3 
digits of the local time in London in 24 hour convention (e.g. L100 reflects 10:00 London time)) or such 
other screen as may be specified in the Final Terms, as the same may be replaced or succeeded pursuant 
to Condition 9.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Reference FX Forward Points Bloomberg 
Screen” means the Bloomberg screen “EURTN Lxxx Curncy” or “GBPTN Lxxx Curncy” (where xxx 
indicates the first 3 digits of the local time in London in 24 hour convention (e.g. L150 reflects 15:00 London 
time)) or such other screen as may be specified in the Final Terms, as the same may be replaced or 
succeeded pursuant to Condition 9.]  
“Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Series of ETC Securities, any index or benchmark by reference 
to which any amount payable under the ETC Securities of that Series, or any formula, calculation or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
  
determination relating to the ETC Securities of that Series, is determined, as the same may be replaced 
or succeeded pursuant to Condition 9.  
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, in respect of this Series of ETC Securities:  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
the Programme Administrator otherwise determines that a Reference Rate has ceased to be 
published on a permanent or indefinite basis and there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Rate Event” means, for this Series of ETC Securities, the occurrence of any of the following:  
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation;  
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event;  
(iii) 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – more than 5 determinations of the FX 
Spot Reference Level are made by the Series Counterparty as a result of an FX Price Source 
Disruption or FX Price Inaccuracy within a 30 calendar day period;]  
(iv) 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – more than 5 determinations of the FX 
Forward Points Reference Level are made by the Series Counterparty as a result of an FX Price 
Source Disruption or FX Price Inaccuracy within a 30 calendar day period;] or 
(v) 
there is a Metal Reference Price Source Disruption for more than five consecutive Metal Business 
Days.  
“Reference Rate Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b). 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 18. 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 18.  
“Regulatory Requirement Event” means, for a Series, that, as a result of a Relevant Regulatory Law: 
(i) 
the ETC Securities or any of the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents are not, or will cease to be, compliant with one or more Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, compliant with one or more 
Relevant Regulatory Laws; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, able to continue to transact future 
business (as issuer of ETC Securities or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Programme) in compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
  
“Relevant Association” means [If Metal is gold or silver, text will apply or be inserted – the LBMA.][If Metal 
is platinum or palladium, text will apply or be inserted – the LPPM]. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means [Each Clearing System through which this Series of ETC Securities 
is to be cleared to be specified in Final Terms]. 
“Relevant Disrupted Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c)(iii). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank 
or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Relevant Period” means, with respect to 
any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the period commencing on and including the corresponding calendar date 
occurring two years prior to the date of such Inaccuracy Valuation Day (or, if there is no corresponding 
calendar date, commencing on and including the first day of the next succeeding calendar month) and 
ending on but excluding such date of determination. For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of such 
period may predate the Series Issue Date of this Series of ETC Securities.]  
“Relevant Provisions” means, with respect to the Determination Agent (or, in the event that the 
Programme Administrator is using its reasonable efforts to perform the duties and obligations of the 
Determination Agent on a temporary basis in accordance with the terms of the Programme Administrator 
Agreement, the Programme Administrator), the provisions of the Determination Agent Agreement and the 
Conditions and, with respect to the Programme Administrator, the provisions of the Programme 
Administrator Agreement and the Conditions. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law” means, in respect of a Series:  
(i) 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 
(or similar legislation in other jurisdictions) and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, 
any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and 
regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures 
with respect thereto;  
(ii) 
Regulation 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC 
Derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iii) 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) and 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and 
any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and the 
implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any

--- Page 112 ---
112 
  
formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(v) 
Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, 
regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory 
technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect 
thereto; 
(vi) 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and the 
implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any 
formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(vii) 
Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices 
that directly affect the functioning of the internal market and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto;  
(viii) 
Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 as regards 
hybrid mismatches with third countries and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any 
law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory 
technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect 
thereto; 
(ix) 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation, rule, guideline, 
standard or guidance of any jurisdiction (whether within the European Union or not) after the 
Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date, and with applicable law, regulation, rule, guideline, 
standard or guidance for this purpose meaning (a) any similar, related or analogous law, regulation, 
rule, guideline, standard or guidance to those in paragraphs (i) to (viii) above or any law or regulation 
that imposes a financial transaction tax or other similar tax or (b) any law, regulation, rule, guideline, 
standard or guidance of any jurisdiction that is changed or that is implemented as a result of the 
UK’s prospective or actual departure from the European Union;  
(x) 
any arrangements or understandings that any Transaction Party or any of its Affiliates may have 
made or entered into with any regulatory agency with respect to its or any of their legal entity 
structure or location with regard to (a) any of paragraphs (i) to (ix) above or (b) the UK’s prospective 
or actual departure from the E.U.; or 
(xi) 
any change in any of the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines, standards or guidance referred to in 
paragraphs (i) to (ix) above as a result of the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after the Relevant 
Regulatory Law Reference Date or as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or 
response of, any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or 
representative of any such court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official capacity with 
respect thereto. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified in the Final Terms. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Relevant Standard Deviation” means, with 
respect to any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the standard deviation of the Theoretical FX Spot Mid Rate 
Difference or Theoretical FX Forward Points Mid Rate Difference, as the case may be, over the Inaccuracy 
Valuation Days in the Relevant Period, and with standard deviation being calculated pursuant to the 
“STDEV” function in Microsoft Excel.]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Relevant Standard Deviation Multiplier” 
means 3.]  
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means each stock exchange on which the Issuer has made an application 
for this Series of ETC Securities to be listed and on which they are, at the relevant time, listed. 
“Replacement Details Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b).  
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, 
text will apply or be inserted – and subject always to the consent of the Series Counterparty as provided 
in Condition 9(b)]:  
(i) 
where the Reference Rate Event is a Reference Rate Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, any index, benchmark or other price that is formally designated, nominated or recommended 
by: 
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate (provided that such index, benchmark or 
other price is substantially the same as the Reference Rate); or 
if there is no such designation, nomination or recommendation, or the Programme Administrator 
reasonably determines that in the context of the ETC Securities such designation, nomination or 
recommendation is not a commercially reasonable alternative for the affected Reference Rate, then 
the Replacement Reference Rate shall be such index, benchmark or other price that the Programme 
Administrator determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the affected Reference 
Rate; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Rate Event is not a Reference Rate Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, any index, benchmark or other price that is determined by the Programme Administrator to 
be a commercially reasonable alternative for the affected Reference Rate. 
“RIS” means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the ETC 
Securities and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange(s) chosen by the Issuer from time to time.  
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor or relevant affiliate 
thereto. 
“Scheduled Early Redemption Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(a). 
“Scheduled Valuation Day” means the Series Issue Date and each day thereafter that is both a Metal 
Business Day and an FX Business Day.  
“Secondary Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b). 
“Secured Account” means the Secured Unallocated Account and the Secured Allocated Account held in 
the name of the Issuer with the Secured Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities. 
“Secured Account Custodian” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“Secured Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means the Secured Account Custodian becomes 
incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is 
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a 
receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its 
assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof

--- Page 114 ---
114 
  
or, if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or 
dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“Secured Agent Rights” means the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Agency Agreement, 
the Metal Agent Agreement, the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for 
the Subscription Account, any Sub-Custody Agreements (if any), the Determination Agent Agreement, the 
Programme Administrator Agreement, each Authorised Participant Agreement (to the extent that it relates 
to the Series of ETC Securities) and the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and 
sums derived from such agreements. 
“Secured Allocated Account” means the allocated Metal account held in the name of the Issuer with the 
Secured Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities.  
“Secured Assets” means, in respect of a Series, (i) the Underlying Metal; (ii) all property, assets and sums 
held by the Issuing Agent and/or the Secured Account Custodian and/or the Metal Agent and/or the 
Account Bank in connection with the ETC Securities of that Series and/or any Transaction Document for 
that Series (for the avoidance of doubt, not including any unallocated Metal standing to the credit of the 
Subscription Account and the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account which does not form part of the 
Underlying Metal or any general cash account), including the Series Cash Account, and (iii) any other 
property, assets and/or sums which have been charged, assigned, pledged and/or otherwise made subject 
to the security created by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee pursuant to each Security Deed for that Series 
and that, in each case, have not been released in accordance therewith. 
“Secured Balancing Agreement Rights” means the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Balancing Agreement. 
“Secured Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Issuer Obligations for 
such Series. 
“Secured Issuer Obligations” means, in respect of a Series, the obligations and duties of the Issuer under 
the Trust Deed, each Security Deed, each ETC Security of that Series and each other Transaction 
Document, in each case to the extent such amounts relate to this Series of ETC Securities and to pay any 
other amount payable by the Issuer that is listed in Condition 5(c) (including the introductory paragraph 
thereto), in each case to the extent such amounts relate to such Series and “Secured Issuer Obligation” 
means any of them. 
“Secured Property” means the English Law Secured Property and the Irish Law Secured Property.  
“Secured Unallocated Account” means the unallocated Metal account held in the name of the Issuer with 
the Secured Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities (which for the avoidance of 
doubt is not the Subscription Account).  
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
“Security” means the English Law Security and the Irish Law Security. 
“Security Deed” means, in respect of a Series, the English Law Security or the Irish Law Security Deed 
for such Series, as the context may require, and “Security Deeds” shall refer to both of them. 
“Securityholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Series” means, in respect of ETC Securities, all ETC Securities having the same ISIN, WKN or other 
securities identifier.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
  
“Series Cash Account” means, in respect of a Series of ETC Securities, the segregated cash account(s) 
maintained by the Account Bank in relation to that Series of ETC Securities and which may comprise 
separate accounts in more than one currency.  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Series Counterparty” means, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as J.P. Morgan AG) or any 
successor thereto, subject to any replacement pursuant to the Conditions and any relevant Transaction 
Document.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Series Counterparty FX Forward Points 
Mid Rate Difference” means, with respect to any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the absolute value of (a) the 
FX Forward Points Reference Level for such Inaccuracy Valuation Day minus (b) the Equivalent FX 
Forward Points Series Counterparty Fixing.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Series Counterparty Spot Mid Rate 
Difference” means, with respect to any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the absolute value of (a) the FX Spot 
Reference Level for such Inaccuracy Valuation Day minus (b) the Equivalent FX Spot Series Counterparty 
Fixing.] 
“Series Issue Date” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [●]], being the issue date of the first Tranche 
of this Series of ETC Securities. 
“Series Overheads” means, in respect of a Series of ETC Securities: 
(i) 
the costs of printing any ETC Securities of such Series or any publication or advertising in respect 
of such ETC Securities; 
(ii) 
any fees, costs and expenses payable by the Issuer in relation to ETC Securities of such Series to 
the Trustee, Metal Agent, Agents, Custodian, [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted – Series Counterparty,] Programme Administrator, Corporate Services Provider or any 
other Transaction Party pursuant to, or in connection with, the Transaction Documents in relation to 
any ETC Securities; 
(iii) 
any legal fees and disbursements relating to such ETC Securities payable to the legal advisers and 
other professional advisers in Ireland to the Issuer and/or any other legal advisers and any other 
professional advisers properly appointed by the Issuer (subject to the prior written approval of the 
Programme Administrator prior to the occurrence of a Programme Administrator Bankruptcy Event); 
(iv) 
any legal fees and disbursements relating to such ETC Securities payable to the legal advisers and 
other professional advisers to the Programme Administrator and/or any other legal advisers and 
any other professional advisers properly appointed by the Programme Administrator; 
(v) 
any fees payable to any Relevant Stock Exchange in respect of the listing of the ETC Securities on 
such Relevant Stock Exchange; and 
(vi) 
any other fee, cost, expense or disbursement properly incurred by the Issuer in relation to the issue 
of the ETC Securities which is not to be reimbursed by any other person. 
[If Metal is Silver, text will apply or be inserted – “Silver” means (i) allocated silver bars complying with the 
rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect; and (ii) a contractual 
obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian (as applicable) 
to transfer an amount of silver complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness 
from time to time in effect not including silver included under (i) above.] 
“Specified Currency” means, in relation to this Series of ETC Securities [To be specified in Final Terms 
– [●]]. 
“Specified Interest Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
  
“specified office” means, in relation to any Agent, the office identified in respect of such Agent in the Issue 
Deed or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 17. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Standard FX Spot 
Scheduled Fixing Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.] 
“Sub-Custodian” means any sub-custodian specified in the Final Terms. 
“Sub-Custody Agreement” means an agreement between the Secured Account Custodian and a Sub-
Custodian pursuant to which the Sub-Custodian is appointed to act as sub-custodian in connection with 
the duties and obligations of the Secured Account Custodian under the Custody Agreement for Secured 
Accounts relating to the ETC Securities as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to 
time. 
“Subscription Account” means the unallocated Metal account held in the name of the Issuer with the 
Subscription Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities holding unallocated Metal 
deposited by Authorised Participants with respect to Subscription Orders in respect of which the related 
issue of ETC Securities to the relevant Authorised Participant has not yet occurred. 
“Subscription Account Custodian” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Subscription Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means the Subscription Account Custodian 
becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment 
of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of 
its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment 
thereof or, if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation 
or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account” means the unallocated Metal account held in the name of the 
Issuer with the Fee Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities holding unallocated 
Metal deposited by Authorised Participants with respect to the foreign exchange hedging fee charged by 
the Issuer to Authorised Participants in respect of any subscription of ETC Securities by the Authorised 
Participant or any buy-back of ETC Securities from the Authorised Participant. 
“Subscription Order” means a request for the Issuer to issue ETC Securities delivered in accordance with 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
“Subscription Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a subscription for ETC Securities and the related 
Subscription Settlement Date, an amount of unallocated Metal determined by the Determination Agent as 
being equal to the product of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Subscription 
Trade Date and the aggregate number of ETC Securities to be issued pursuant to the relevant Subscription 
Order. 
“Subscription Settlement Date” means, subject to the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, such 
date after the Subscription Trade Date as separately agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised 
Participant.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
  
“Subscription Trade Date” means, in respect of a Tranche of ETC Securities, [To be specified in Final 
Terms – [●]].  
“Substituted Obligor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c). 
“Successor Price Source” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Successor Reference Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.  
“Suspension Event” means in respect of a Series, that (i) the Issuer has delivered a notice in writing to 
the Determination Agent, the Issuing Agent and each Authorised Participant (copied to each other 
Transaction Party) stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice subscriptions of the ETC 
Securities of such Series shall be suspended; and (ii) the effective date of such suspension has occurred, 
provided that the effective date of any such suspension so specified shall be a day not earlier than the 
Business Day following the date of such notice.  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Suspension Period” has the meaning given 
to it in Condition 11.] 
[If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro or the Metal Currency is euro, text will apply or be inserted 
– “TARGET Settlement Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is open for payments in euro.] 
[If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro or the Metal Currency is euro, text will apply or be inserted 
– “TARGET System” means TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system) or any successor thereto.] 
“Tax” means any present or future tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without 
limitation, any tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty 
or any other similar tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any 
government, applicable tax authority or jurisdiction. 
“Termination Event Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(vii).  
“Termination Event Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(vii).  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Theoretical FX Forward Points Mid Rate 
Difference” means, with respect to any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the absolute value of (a) the FX Forward 
Points Reference Level for such Inaccuracy Valuation Day minus (b) the Equivalent FX Forward Points 
Bloomberg Fixing.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Theoretical FX Spot Mid Rate Difference” 
means, with respect to any Inaccuracy Valuation Day, the absolute value of (a) the FX Spot Reference 
Level for such Inaccuracy Valuation Day minus (b) the Equivalent FX Spot Bloomberg Fixing.]  
“Trading Unit” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
“Tranche” means, in relation to ETC Securities of a Series, the ETC Securities of that Series that are 
issued on the same Tranche Issue Date at the same Issue Price per ETC Security and that have the same 
ISIN, WKN or other securities identifier. 
“Tranche Issue Date” means the issue date of the relevant Tranche of ETC Securities, being in respect 
of this Tranche [To be specified in Final Terms – [●]]. 
“Transaction Document” means, in respect of a Series, each of the Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, each 
Security Deed, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Programme Administrator Agreement, the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back 
Fee Account, [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Balancing Agreement, the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
  
EMIR Deed and QFC Deed] the Metal Agent Agreement, each Authorised Participant Agreement and the 
terms and conditions relating to the Series Cash Account in each case as amended, supplemented, 
novated and/or replaced from time to time, and in each case only to the extent that it relates to ETC 
Securities of this Series, and “Transaction Documents” means all such documents.  
“Transaction Party” means a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer) save that where 
the Conditions require notification to each Transaction Party this shall not include any Authorised 
Participant.  
“Trust Deed” means, in respect of a Series, the trust deed relating to such Series of ETC Securities entered 
into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties thereto and in the form of the relevant 
Master Trust Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Trust Deed is 
amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Trustee” means Wilmington Trust SP Services (Dublin) Limited and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“Underlying Metal” means (i) all Metal recorded and identified in the Secured Allocated Account and 
recorded in the Secured Unallocated Account; and (ii) any Metal recorded in the Subscription Account in 
relation to a subscription by an Authorised Participant of ETC Securities in respect of this Series in respect 
of which the relevant Subscription Order has been settled by the issue of ETC Securities to the relevant 
Authorised Participant but which has not yet been transferred to the Secured Accounts. 
“Valuation Day” means each Scheduled Valuation Day other than a Scheduled Valuation Day on which 
any of the below is satisfied:  
(i) 
a Disruption Event Notice has been delivered on such date pursuant to a Metal Reference Price 
Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
if in respect of the Metal Reference Price, the afternoon benchmark price is not scheduled to be 
published but the morning benchmark price is; 
(iii) 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – such date is a Fallback FX Spot 
Scheduled Fixing Day;] 
(iv) 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – a Disruption Event Notice has been 
delivered on such date pursuant to an FX Disruption Event on such date;] or 
(v) 
a Disruption Event Notice has been delivered on such date pursuant to a Force Majeure Disruption 
Event. 
“Value per ETC Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(iv). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(iv). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(iv). 
“VAT” means value added tax chargeable in accordance with (but subject to derogations from) Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC, any other tax of a similar fiscal nature and any other form of tax levied by reference 
to added value or sales, and any similar tax charged from time to time in substitution for or in addition to 
any of the above. 
“VAT Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(vi). 
“VAT Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(vi). 
“Weekday” means each of Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
  
“Year-End Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c). 
2 
Form and Title 
The [Full description of the ETC Securities to be specified in Final Terms] (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
includes all Tranches of such Series whenever issued) (the “ETC Securities”) are issued in bearer form. 
The ETC Securities will be represented by a Global Security in [To be specified in Final Terms – 
[NGN][CGN][CBF GN]] form and will be capable of being held via the Relevant Clearing System(s). In 
addition, if the Final Terms specify that CREST Indirect Clearing is Applicable, the ETC Securities will also 
be capable of being indirectly held through the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the 
holding of uncertificated securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any successor thereto 
in accordance with the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001) (“CREST”) by holding 
dematerialised depository interests (“CREST Depository Interests” or “CDIs”). CDIs represent indirect 
interests in the underlying ETC Securities to which they relate and holders of CDIs will not be the legal 
owners of the underlying ETC Securities. Only Securityholders will be recognised as such in respect of the 
ETC Securities. The Global Security will not be exchangeable for individual definitive bearer securities. 
Title to the Global Security shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder of any ETC Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. In the Conditions, “Securityholder” and “holder” means the bearer of any Bearer Security of this 
Series. 
3 
Constitution and Status 
This Series of ETC Securities is constituted by the Trust Deed for this Series and secured by each Security 
Deed for this Series. The ETC Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times 
ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves, secured in the manner described in 
Condition 5 and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 5(g) and 
Condition 13. The Securityholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed for this Series and are deemed to have notice of those 
provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement and each Security Deed in respect of this Series. 
4 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, the following terms have the meanings as set out below: 
“Base Fee Percentage” means the Maximum Base Fee Percentage specified in the Final Terms, or such 
lower percentage as may be determined by the Programme Administrator and notified to the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders from time to time, provided that the Issuer shall procure (and 
the Programme Administrator has agreed) that Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar 
days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 17 of any increase to the Base Fee Percentage. If the 
scheduled day notified for any change to the Base Fee Percentage is not a Valuation Day, the change to 
the Base Fee Percentage shall take effect on the first following Valuation Day. The current Base Fee 
Percentage and any proposed change to the Base Fee Percentage shall be published on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 from time to time). For information purposes, the Base 
Fee Percentage as at the relevant Tranche Issue Date shall be specified in the Final Terms of that Tranche. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of a Valuation Day, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days from (and including) the immediately preceding Valuation Day to (but 
excluding) the relevant Valuation Day; divided by

--- Page 120 ---
120 
  
(ii) 
360. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Fallback FX Spot 
Reference Level Fixing Time” means 10am London time or, if not available, 4pm London time or, if 
different, the time generally accepted in the London foreign exchange market as being the time for which 
closing spot prices of the day for the relevant currencies are determined.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Fallback FX Spot 
Scheduled Fixing Day” is an FX Business Day for which the FX Benchmark Provider is not scheduled to 
fix the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time, but is scheduled 
to fix the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of the Fallback FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time.]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Benchmark 
Provider” means, in respect of a rate, the price reporting agency responsible for the publication of such 
rate. In no event shall the Series Counterparty be the FX Benchmark Provider.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points” 
means, with respect to the Currency Pair on any specified FX Business Day, the bid and ask rates 
published by the FX Forward Points Reference Level Source (or, in the case of an Equivalent FX Forward 
Points Bloomberg Fixing, the Reference FX Forward Points Bloomberg Screen) with respect to two 
transactions (a) in the case of the bid, the first of which transactions involves borrowing the Specified 
Currency and (b) in the case of the offer, the second of which transactions involves lending the Specified 
Currency, in each case, for one FX Business Day.]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points 
Reference Level” means, in respect of an FX Business Day, the FX Forward Points (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be positive or negative) with respect to the Currency Pair fixed in respect of the 
FX Forward Points Reference Level Fixing Time, as determined by adding the bid and ask rates fixed in 
respect of the FX Forward Points Reference Level Fixing Time and that are displayed on the FX Forward 
Points Reference Level Source on such FX Business Day and dividing the result by two, provided that if 
there is an FX Price Source Disruption in respect of the FX Forward Points Reference Level for such FX 
Business Day, or if there is an FX Price Inaccuracy in respect of the FX Forward Points Reference Level 
for that FX Business Day, the FX Forward Points Reference Level used for such FX Business Day shall 
be determined by the Series Counterparty in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner taking into 
account such factors as it sees fit.]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Points 
Reference Level Fixing Time” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted - “FX Forward Points 
Reference Level Source” means Thomson Reuters Screen WMR “EURUSDTNFIXP=WM” or 
“GBPUSDTNFIXP=WM” or, if different on the Tranche Issue Date in respect of a Series of ETC Securities, 
as specified in the Final Terms.]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Hedging Fee 
Percentage” means the Maximum FX Hedging Fee Percentage specified in the Final Terms, or such lower 
percentage as may be determined by the Programme Administrator (with the consent of the Series 
Counterparty) and notified to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders from time to time, 
provided that the Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Administrator has agreed) that Securityholders 
shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 17 of any increase 
to the FX Hedging Fee Percentage. If the scheduled day notified for any change to the FX Hedging Fee 
Percentage is not an FX Business Day, the change to the FX Hedging Fee Percentage shall take effect on 
the first following FX Business Day. The current FX Hedging Fee Percentage and any proposed change 
to the FX Hedging Fee Percentage shall be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer 
at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with

--- Page 121 ---
121 
  
Condition 17 from time to time). For information purposes, the FX Hedging Fee Percentage as at the 
relevant Tranche Issue Date shall be specified in the Final Terms of that Tranche.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Price Source Disruption” means: 
(i) 
in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level and an FX Business Day that is a Standard FX Spot 
Scheduled Fixing Day, the FX Spot Reference Level Source does not display either or both of the 
bid or the offer currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair fixed in respect of the FX Spot 
Reference Level Fixing Time within the time period that such rate is customarily displayed and, in 
respect of the FX Spot Reference Level and an FX Business Day that is a Fallback FX Spot 
Scheduled Fixing Day, the FX Spot Reference Level Source does not display either or both of the 
bid or the offer currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair fixed in respect of the Fallback FX 
Spot Reference Level Fixing Time within the time period that such rate is customarily displayed 
(unless the Programme Administrator and the Series Counterparty agree to use such rate 
notwithstanding that it was published later than is customary); 
(ii) 
in respect of the FX Spot Bid Reference Level and an FX Business Day that is a Standard FX Spot 
Scheduled Fixing Day, the FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source does not display the bid currency 
exchange rate for the Currency Pair fixed in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time 
within the time period that such rate is customarily displayed and, in respect of the FX Spot Bid 
Reference Level and an FX Business Day that is a Fallback FX Spot Scheduled Fixing Day, the FX 
Spot Bid Reference Level Source does not display the bid currency exchange rate for the Currency 
Pair fixed in respect of the Fallback FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time within the time period that 
such rate is customarily displayed (unless the Programme Administrator and the Series 
Counterparty agree to use such rate notwithstanding that it was published later than is customary); 
(iii) 
in respect of the FX Spot Offer Reference Level and an FX Business Day that is a Standard FX 
Spot Scheduled Fixing Day, the FX Spot Offer Reference Level Source does not display the offer 
currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair fixed in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing 
Time within the time period that such rate is customarily displayed and, in respect of the FX Spot 
Offer Reference Level and an FX Business Day that is a Fallback FX Spot Scheduled Fixing Day, 
the FX Spot Offer Reference Level Source does not display the offer currency exchange rate for the 
Currency Pair fixed in respect of the Fallback FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time within the time 
period that such rate is customarily displayed (unless the Programme Administrator and the Series 
Counterparty agree to use such rate notwithstanding that it was published later than is customary); 
and 
(iv) 
in respect of the FX Forward Points Reference Level and an FX Business Day, the FX Forward 
Points Reference Level Source does not display the FX Forward Points with respect to the Currency 
Pair fixed in respect of the FX Forward Points Reference Level Fixing Time within the time period 
that such rate is customarily displayed (unless the Programme Administrator and the Series 
Counterparty agree to use such rate notwithstanding that it was published later than is customary).]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Bid Reference 
Level” means, in respect of an FX Business Day, the bid currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, 
expressed as the amount of the Metal Currency per a fixed amount of the Specified Currency (and with 
fixed amount for this purpose being such fixed amount as is conventionally used for this purpose by the 
FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source) and fixed in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time, as 
displayed on the FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source on such FX Business Day, provided that: 
(i) 
if such FX Business Day is a Fallback FX Spot Scheduled Fixing Day, the FX Spot Bid Reference 
Level for such FX Business Day shall be the bid currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, 
expressed as the amount of the Metal Currency per a fixed amount of the Specified Currency (and 
with fixed amount for this purpose being such fixed amount as is conventionally used for this 
purpose by the FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source) and fixed in respect of the Fallback FX Spot

--- Page 122 ---
122 
  
Reference Level Fixing Time, as displayed on the FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source on such FX 
Business Day; and 
(ii) 
if there is an FX Price Source Disruption in respect of the FX Spot Bid Reference Level on that FX 
Business Day, or if there is an FX Price Inaccuracy in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level for 
that FX Business Day, the FX Spot Bid Reference Level used for such FX Business Day shall be 
determined by the Series Counterparty in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner taking 
into account such factors as it sees fit.]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Bid Reference 
Level Source” means Thomson Reuters Screen “USDEURFIX=WM” or “USDGBPFIX=WM” or, if different 
on the Tranche Issue Date in respect of a Series of ETC Securities, as specified in the Final Terms.]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Offer Reference 
Level” means, in respect of an FX Business Day, the offer currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, 
expressed as the amount of the Metal Currency per a fixed amount of the Specified Currency (and with 
fixed amount for this purpose being such fixed amount as is conventionally used for this purpose by the 
FX Spot Offer Reference Level Source) with a designated settlement period equivalent to the settlement 
period for spot transactions consistent with market convention from time to time applicable to the Specified 
Currency and fixed in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time, as displayed on the FX Spot 
Offer Reference Level Source on such FX Business Day, provided that:  
(i) 
if such FX Business Day is a Fallback FX Spot Scheduled Fixing Day, the FX Spot Offer Reference 
Level for such FX Business Day shall be the offer currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, 
expressed as the amount of the Metal Currency per a fixed amount of the Specified Currency (and 
with fixed amount for this purpose being such fixed amount as is conventionally used for this 
purpose by the FX Spot Offer Reference Level Source) and fixed in respect of the Fallback FX Spot 
Reference Level Fixing Time, as displayed on the FX Spot Offer Reference Level Source on such 
FX Business Day; and 
(ii) 
if there is an FX Price Source Disruption in respect of the FX Spot Offer Reference Level for that 
FX Business Day, or if there is an FX Price Inaccuracy in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level 
for that FX Business Day, the FX Spot Offer Reference Level used for such FX Business Day shall 
be determined by the Series Counterparty in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
taking into account such factors as it sees fit. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Offer Reference 
Level Source” means Thomson Reuters Screen “USDEURFIX=WM” or “USDGBPFIX=WM”.]  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference 
Level” means, in respect of an FX Business Day, the mid currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, 
expressed as the amount of the Metal Currency per a fixed amount of the Specified Currency (and with 
fixed amount for this purpose being such fixed amount as is conventionally used for this purpose by the 
FX Spot Reference Level Source) with a designated settlement period equivalent to the settlement period 
for spot transactions consistent with market convention from time to time applicable to the Specified 
Currency and fixed in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time, as determined by adding the 
FX Spot Bid Reference Level plus the FX Spot Offer Reference Level and dividing the result by two. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference 
Level Fixing Time” means the time at which the relevant benchmark referenced in the relevant Metal 
Reference Price is scheduled to be fixed during business hours in London and for such purpose the 
relevant fixing shall be that specified in the definition of Metal Reference Price. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the fixing time is the time at which the Metal Reference Price is scheduled to be fixed rather than the time 
for which it is actually fixed (if different).]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference 
Level Source” means the FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source and the FX Spot Offer Reference Level 
Source, or, if different on the Tranche Issue Date in respect of a Series of ETC Securities, as specified in 
the Final Terms.] 
“Maximum Base Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
“Metal Reference Price” means, in respect of a Metal Business Day, the price determined by the 
Determination Agent, and notified to the Issuer, [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted 
– Series Counterparty] and the Programme Administrator, in accordance with the following sentence. 
[If ETC Securities Metal is Gold, text will apply or be inserted – Where the Metal is Gold, the value in U.S. 
dollars for that Metal Business Day of the afternoon’s benchmark price known as the “LBMA Gold Price”, 
which is a benchmark afternoon price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London for settlement in two 
business days (as such term is used in the relevant market) through a Member of the LBMA authorized to 
effect such delivery and fixed in respect of the Metal Reference Price Fixing Time, as determined or 
published by or on behalf of the Metal Reference Price Source.]  
[If ETC Securities Metal is Silver, text will apply or be inserted – Where the Metal is Silver, the value in 
U.S. dollars for that Metal Business Day of the benchmark price known as the “LBMA Silver Price”, which 
is a benchmark price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London for settlement within two business days 
(as such term is used in the relevant market) through a Member of the LBMA authorized to effect such 
delivery and fixed in respect of the Metal Reference Price Fixing Time, as determined or published by or 
on behalf of the Metal Reference Price Source.] 
[If ETC Securities Metal is Platinum, text will apply or be inserted – Where the Metal is Platinum, the value 
in U.S. dollars for that Metal Business Day of the afternoon’s benchmark price known as the “LBMA 
Platinum Price”, which is a benchmark afternoon price per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in 
London for settlement within two business days (as such term is used in the relevant market) through a 
Member of the LPPM authorized to effect such delivery and fixed in respect of the Metal Reference Price 
Fixing Time, as determined or published by or on behalf of the Metal Reference Price Source.] 
[If ETC Securities Metal is Palladium, text will apply or be inserted – Where the Metal is Palladium, the 
value in U.S. dollars for that Metal Business Day of the afternoon’s benchmark price known as the “LBMA 
Palladium Price”, which is a benchmark afternoon price per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in 
London for settlement within two business days (as such term is used in the relevant market) through a 
Member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery and fixed in respect of the Metal Reference Price 
Fixing Time, as determined or published by or on behalf of the Metal Reference Price Source.] 
“Metal Reference Price Fixing Time” means, in respect of Gold, 3 p.m. (London time); in respect of Silver, 
12 noon (London time); in respect of Platinum, 2 p.m. (London time) and in respect of Palladium, 2 p.m. 
(London time).  
“Metal Reference Price Source” means: 
(i) 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited in respect of Gold Securities (or such successor or 
replacement who administers the “LBMA Gold Price”); 
(ii) 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited in respect of Silver Securities (or such successor or 
replacement who administers the “LBMA Silver Price”); 
(iii) 
London Metal Exchange in respect of Platinum Securities (or such successor or replacement who 
administers the “LPPM Platinum Price”); and 
(iv) 
London Metal Exchange in respect of Palladium Securities (or such successor or replacement who 
administers the “LBMA Palladium Price”).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
  
“Product Fee Deduction Factor” is an amount calculated by the Determination Agent equal to: 
(i) 
one; minus  
(ii) 
the Product Fee Percentage multiplied by the Day Count Fraction. 
“Product Fee Percentage” means [If not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the 
Base Fee Percentage][If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Base Fee 
Percentage plus the FX Hedging Fee Percentage]. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Standard FX Spot 
Scheduled Fixing Day” is an FX Business Day for which the FX Benchmark Provider is scheduled to fix 
the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of the FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time on that date.] 
(a) 
Determination of Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security 
The Determination Agent shall calculate the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per 
ETC Security in respect of each Valuation Day.  
(b) 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
The “Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” in respect of a Valuation Day shall be an amount per 
ETC Security determined by the Determination Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if the Valuation Day is the Series Issue Date, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in 
respect of the Series Issue Date shall be equal to the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security;  
(ii) 
[If ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
in relation to any other Valuation Day, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of 
such Valuation Day shall be an amount calculated by the Determination Agent equal to: 
(A) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the immediately preceding 
Valuation Day; multiplied by  
(B) 
the Product Fee Deduction Factor. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security is set out below: 
𝐸𝑡= 𝐸𝑡−1 × (1 −[𝑃𝐹𝑃𝑡× 𝑌𝐹𝑡]) 
Where: 
“E” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect 
of that Valuation Day; 
“PFP” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the Product Fee Percentage for that Valuation 
Day; and 
“YF” or “Yield Factor” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the immediately preceding Valuation 
Day to (and including) that Valuation Day; divided by 
(ii) 
360.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
in relation to any other Valuation Day, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of 
such Valuation Day shall be an amount calculated by the Determination Agent equal to:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
  
(A) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the immediately preceding 
Valuation Day; multiplied by  
(B) 
the Product Fee Deduction Factor; plus  
(C) 
the FX Hedging Factor. 
A formulaic expression of the determination of Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is set out 
below: 
𝐸𝑡= [𝐸𝑡−1 × (1 −{𝑃𝐹𝑃𝑡× 𝑌𝐹𝑡})] + 𝐹𝑋𝐹𝑡 
Where: 
“E” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect 
of that Valuation Day; 
“PFP” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the Product Fee Percentage for that Valuation 
Day; and 
“YF” or “Yield Factor” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the immediately preceding Valuation 
Day to (and including) that Valuation Day; divided by 
(ii) 
360. 
“FXF” or “FX Hedging Factor” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), an amount calculated 
as follows:  
𝐹𝑋𝐹𝑡= 𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑡
𝑀𝑎𝑡
 
 
As used in the definition of FXF or FX Hedging Factor:  
“FXPnL” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the profit or loss in the Metal Currency in 
respect of that Valuation Day and which shall be calculated as follows:  
𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑡= 𝑉𝑝𝑆𝑡−1 × 𝑆𝑢𝑚 𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑎𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑒𝑑𝑡−𝐹𝑋𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝑡 
and 
“Ma” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the relevant Metal Reference Price on such 
Valuation Day, including the applicable spread between Metal Reference Price and 
applicable bid or offer Metal Reference Price and which shall be calculated as follows:  
(i) 
M plus mOffer, if the FXPnL for that Valuation Day is equal to or greater than zero;  
(ii) 
M minus mBid, if the FXPnL for that Valuation Day is smaller than zero, 
(and with M, MOffer and mBid all being for that Valuation Day). 
As used in the definitions of FXPnL and Ma and their related terms: 
“VpS” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the Value per ETC Security in respect of that 
Valuation Day; 
“Sum FXPnLaccrued” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the sum of the 
FXPnLaccrued amounts for each FX Business Day (k) from (but excluding) the immediately 
prior Valuation Day (t-1) to (and including) that Valuation Day (t) and which shall be calculated 
as follows:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
  
𝑆𝑢𝑚𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑎𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑒𝑑= ∑FXPnLaccrued
𝐾
𝑘=1
 
where “K” is the number of FX Business Days from (but excluding) the immediately prior 
Valuation Day (t-1) to (and including) that Valuation Day (t) and “k” is a series of whole 
numbers from one to K, each representing such an FX Business Day in chronological order 
from (but excluding) the immediately prior Valuation Day (t-1) and to (and including) that 
Valuation Day (t).  
“FXPnLaccrued” means, in respect of an FX Business Day (k), the profit or loss in the Metal 
Currency of the underlying Metal in respect of that FX Business Day and which shall be 
calculated as follows:  
𝐹𝑋𝑃𝑛𝐿𝑎𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑒𝑑𝑘= 𝐹𝑋𝑛𝑒𝑥𝑡𝑘−𝐹𝑋𝑎𝑑𝑗𝑘−1 
“FXnext” or “FX Tom Reference Level” means, in respect of an FX Business Day (k), the 
relevant FX Tom Reference Level for the Currency Pair on that FX Business Day, which is 
calculated as:  
(i) 
the relevant FX Spot Reference Level for the Currency Pair on that FX Business Day; 
minus 
(ii) 
the relevant FX Forward Points Reference Level for the Currency Pair on that FX 
Business Day except where the settlement date of the FX Spot Reference Level for 
the Currency Pair on the immediately prior FX Business Day is the same calendar day 
as the settlement date of the FX Spot Reference Level for the Currency Pair on such 
FX Business Day, in which case, zero; minus 
(iii) 
an adjustment for transaction costs, which is calculated as:  
(a) 
the FXSpread for the Currency Pair on that FX Business Day; divided by 
(b) 
the FX Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment, as defined in the Final Terms and as 
amended from time to time. 
“FXSpread” means, in respect of an FX Business Day (k), one-half of the result of (i) FX Spot 
Offer Reference Level minus (ii) the FX Spot Bid Reference Level in each case for the 
Currency Pair on that FX Business Day.  
“FX Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment” means the Maximum FX Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment 
specified in the Final Terms, or such lower amount as may be determined by the Programme 
Administrator and notified to the Issuer and the Transaction Parties from time to time, 
provided that the Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Administrator has agreed) that 
Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with 
Condition 17 of any change to the FX Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment and if the scheduled day 
notified for any such change is not an FX Business Day, the change to the FX Bid-Offer 
Spread Adjustment shall take effect on the first following FX Business Day. The current FX 
Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment and any proposed change to the FX Bid-Offer Spread 
Adjustment shall be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 from time to time). For information purposes, the FX Bid-Offer Spread 
Adjustment as at the relevant Tranche Issue Date shall be specified in the Final Terms of 
that Tranche.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
  
“FXadj” means, in respect of an FX Business Day (k), the relevant FX Spot Reference Level 
for the Currency Pair on that FX Business Day, plus an adjustment for transaction costs, 
which adjustment is calculated as:  
(i) 
the FXSpread for the Currency Pair on that FX Business Day; divided by  
(ii) 
the FX Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment.  
“FXCost” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t): (a) half of the bid and offer spread on the 
Currency Pair multiplied by (b) the amount of Metal which needs to be traded to eliminate the 
impact in movements in the Currency Pair in respect of the immediately preceding Valuation 
Day and being an amount which is calculated as:  
𝐹𝑋𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝑡= 𝐸𝑡−1 × 𝐴𝐵𝑆(𝑀𝑡
𝑆𝑡
−𝑀𝑡−1
𝑆𝑡−1
) × 𝐹𝑋𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑𝑡 
“M” means, in respect of a Valuation Day, the Metal Reference Price on that Valuation Day;  
“S” means, in respect of a Valuation Day, an amount equal to the FX Spot Reference Level 
on that Valuation Day; 
“mOffer” or “Metal Reference Price Offer Spread” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), 
a surcharge on the Metal Reference Price on the relevant Valuation Day reflecting the 
prevailing offer spread that would be charged by the Metal Agent on any purchase by the 
Issuer of Metal and with the Metal Reference Price Offer Spread on the relevant Tranche 
Issue Date being specified in the Final Terms of that Tranche but being subject to change, 
as specified by the Programme Administrator, to reflect the prevailing offer spread being 
charged by the Metal Agent. The Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Administrator has 
agreed) that Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in 
accordance with Condition 17 of any change to the Metal Reference Price Offer Spread, and 
if the scheduled day notified for any such change is not a Valuation Day, the change to the 
Metal Reference Price Offer Spread shall take effect on the first following Valuation Day. At 
any time, the current Metal Reference Price Offer Spread shall be published on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be 
notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 from time to time);  
“mBid” or “Metal Reference Price Bid Spread” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), a 
discount to the Metal Reference Price on that Valuation Day reflecting the prevailing bid 
spread that would be charged by the Metal Agent on any sale by the Issuer of Metal and with 
the Metal Reference Price Bid Spread on the relevant Tranche Issue Date being specified in 
the Final Terms of that Tranche but being subject to change, as specified by the Programme 
Administrator, to reflect the prevailing bid spread being charged by the Metal Agent. The 
Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Administrator has agreed) that Securityholders 
shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 17 
of any change to the Metal Reference Price Bid Spread, and if the scheduled day notified for 
any such change is not a Valuation Day, the change to the Metal Reference Price Bid Spread 
shall take effect on the first following Valuation Day. At any time, the current Metal Reference 
Price Bid Spread shall be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 from time to time). 
As used in formulae in these Conditions:  
(i) 
in relation to a term of any formula, a reference to “t” means the value of that term at 
a particular Valuation Day and references in any other term in the same formula to “t” 
plus or minus a specified number (i.e. “t-1”) shall be to the value of such term at the

--- Page 128 ---
128 
  
Valuation Day falling that specified number of Valuation Days after or before, as the 
case may be, the Valuation Day to which “t” relates;  
(ii) 
in relation to a term of any formula, a reference to “k” means the value of that term at 
a particular FX Business Day and references in any other term in the same formula to 
“k” plus or minus a specified number (i.e. “k+1” or “k-1”) shall be to the value of such 
term at the FX Business Day falling that specified number of FX Business Days after 
or before, as the case may be, the FX Business Day to which “k” relates; 
(c) 
Value per ETC Security 
The “Value per ETC Security” in respect of a Valuation Day shall be an amount per ETC Security 
expressed in the Specified Currency and determined by the Determination Agent as being equal to: 
[If ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
(i) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Valuation Day (the Value 
per ETC Security as of the relevant Tranche Issue Date is equal to the Issue Price per ETC 
Security); multiplied by  
(ii) 
the Metal Reference Price in respect of the relevant Valuation Day. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Value per ETC Security 
is set out below: 
𝑉𝑝𝑆𝑡= 𝐸𝑡 × 𝑀𝑡 
Where: 
“VpS” means, in respect of a Valuation Day, the Value per ETC Security in respect of that Valuation 
Day (the Value per ETC Security as of the relevant Tranche Issue Date is equal to the Issue Price 
per ETC Security);  
“E” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of that 
Valuation Day; and 
“M” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the relevant Metal Reference Price on that Valuation 
Day.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
(i) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Valuation Day (the Value 
per ETC Security as of the relevant Tranche Issue Date is equal to the Issue Price per ETC 
Security); multiplied by  
(ii) 
the Metal Reference Price in respect of the relevant Valuation Day; divided by 
(iii) 
the FX Spot Reference Level for the Specified Currency on the relevant Valuation Day. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Value per ETC Security 
is set out below: 
𝑉𝑝𝑆𝑡= 𝐸𝑡 × 𝑀𝑡
𝑆𝑡
 
Where: 
“VpS” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the Value per ETC Security in respect of that 
Valuation Day (the Value per ETC Security as of the relevant Tranche Issue Date is equal to the 
Issue Price per ETC Security);

--- Page 129 ---
129 
  
“E” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of that 
Valuation Day;  
“M” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the relevant Metal Reference Price on that Valuation 
Day; and 
“S” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the relevant FX Spot Reference Level for the Specified 
Currency on that Valuation Day.] 
(d) 
Rounding 
The Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security and any term, value, 
formula or other input (direct or indirect) necessary to determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security or the Value per ETC Security may be rounded to such number of decimal places as may 
be provided for by the Programme Administrator [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted – and the Series Counterparty] and such methodology may be adjusted from time to time 
provided that the Programme Administrator reasonably determines, in its opinion, that such change 
of methodology would not be materially prejudicial to Securityholders. 
(e) 
Corrections 
If, following the determination of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC 
Security in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, the Programme Administrator subsequently 
determines or it comes to its attention that such value was incorrectly determined, the Issuer may 
adjust any relevant terms of the ETC Securities to account for a correction thereof but provided that, 
whilst it may do so in its discretion, the Issuer shall not be required to make any such correction 
where it determines that such correction would not result in a material change to the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security or Value per ETC Security. The Issuer shall give notice to 
Securityholders of any such adjustments made pursuant to this Condition 4(e) as soon as 
reasonably practicable in accordance with Condition 17.  
5 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
(i) 
The Secured Issuer Obligations are secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself 
and as trustee for the other Secured Creditors, pursuant to each Security Deed, by: 
(A) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights (but not obligations), title, 
interest and benefit present and future against (i) the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian and any Sub-Custodian relating to the Underlying 
Metal in respect of this Series of ETC Securities under the Custody Agreement for 
Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account and any Sub-
Custody Agreements (if any) and (ii) the Account Bank in respect of the Series Cash 
Account for this Series of ETC Securities; 
(B) 
a first fixed charge over (i) all of the Underlying Metal in respect of this Series of ETC 
Securities and all sums or assets derived therefrom and (ii) the Series Cash Account 
for this Series of ETC Securities;  
(C) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights (but not obligations), title, 
interest and benefit present and future in, to and under the Balancing Agreement 
(including any replacement Balancing Agreement under which an Eligible Series 
Counterparty is appointed to act as replacement Series Counterparty pursuant to 
Condition 11 below), Metal Agent Agreement, Agency Agreement, the Determination 
Agent Agreement, the Programme Administrator Agreement and any Authorised

--- Page 130 ---
130 
  
Participant Agreement, but in each case only to the extent that it relates to this Series 
of ETC Securities; and  
(D) 
a first fixed charge over (a) all sums and any other property held or received by the 
Metal Agent relating to the sale of Underlying Metal; and (b) all sums held now or in 
the future by any Paying Agent and/or the Secured Account Custodian to meet 
payments due in respect of any Secured Issuer Obligation or Other Issuer Obligation 
relating to the ETC Securities. 
(ii) 
The Security is granted to the Trustee as continuing Security for the Secured Issuer 
Obligations. In accordance with each Security Deed, prior to any enforcement of the Security 
or the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Trustee will be deemed to release from 
such Security without the need for any notice or other formalities: 
(A) 
any sum (including Series Overheads or any negative interest on the Series Cash 
Account) and/or Metal held by any Paying Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Account Bank and/or the Metal Agent or any person, as applicable, to the extent such 
sums are required for, and at the time of, payment of any sum or delivery of any Metal 
in respect of the ETC Securities and/or under the Transaction Documents (which for 
the avoidance of doubt shall include, without limitation, amounts payable in respect of 
Principal and Interest to Securityholders in accordance with these Conditions, 
amounts which the Metal Agent is permitted to deduct pursuant to Condition 5(d) and 
amounts of Metal which the Issuer is required to deliver to Authorised Participants in 
respect of any buy-back) and, upon certification by the Programme Administrator from 
time to time that there are sums standing to the credit of the Series Cash Account that 
are in excess (as reasonably determined by the Programme Administrator) of what 
the Issuer requires at that time to meet the Series Overheads of that Series of ETC 
Securities as they stand at such time, such excess sums shall be released from the 
Series Cash Account, and thereby from the Security, to such other cash account of 
the Issuer as may be nominated or directed by the Issuer (which other cash account 
shall not form part of the assets to which the relevant Series of ETC Securities has 
recourse); 
(B) 
any part of the Secured Property that has become payable or deliverable only to the 
extent required to comply with and subject to the provisions of Conditions 5(d), 5(g) 
and 5(h), and with such release taking place at the time of such due payment or 
delivery;  
(C) 
its rights in relation to any Authorised Participant Agreement only to the extent required 
to assign any benefit to the Programme Administrator if the Programme Administrator 
has made payment to or to the order or for the benefit of the Issuer of payments that 
an Authorised Participant was required but has failed to make, and with such release 
taking place at the time of such assignment;  
(D) 
its rights in relation to any claims it may have against any Agent under and pursuant 
to Clause 15.6 of the relevant Agency Agreement only to the extent required to assign 
any benefit to the Programme Administrator if the Programme Administrator has made 
any payment or incurred any loss that arise out of a failure of such Agent to perform 
its duties in connection with a Failed Order (as such term is defined under the relevant 
Agency Agreement), and with such release taking place at the time of such 
assignment; and  
(E) 
a pro rata amount of the Secured Property as required and selected for, and at the 
time of, the purchase and cancellation of any ETC Securities by the Issuer.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
  
(b) 
Money Received by the Trustee Prior to Enforcement of Security 
(i) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer agrees, on any date on which a payment 
of Principal and Interest or any other amount under these Conditions in respect of any ETC 
Securities becomes due, unconditionally to pay the Trustee (or to the order of the Trustee) 
in same day funds, in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount or such other amount, as applicable, in respect of the ETC Securities 
which is due and payable on that date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed, (1) payment of Principal and Interest or such other amount (as 
applicable) due under the ETC Securities pursuant to the Conditions made to the relevant 
Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement shall, to that extent, 
satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to make payments of the relevant amount in respect of the ETC 
Securities to the Trustee for the account of the Securityholders except to the extent that there 
is failure by such Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant Securityholders 
(whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise) and (2) a payment 
of Principal and Interest or another amount due made after the due date for such payment or 
as a result of the ETC Securities becoming repayable following an Event of Default or the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have been made when the full 
amount due has been received by a relevant Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Securityholders, except to the extent that there is failure by such 
Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant Securityholders (whether via payment 
through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise). Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the 
Trustee holds the benefit of this covenant on trust for itself and the Securityholders according 
to their respective interests. 
(ii) 
Save for any moneys received in connection with the realisation or enforcement of all or part 
of the Security, all moneys received by or on behalf of the Trustee in relation to the Issuer’s 
covenant to pay Principal and Interest or any other amount pursuant to Condition 5(b)(i) will, 
despite any appropriation of all or part of them by the Issuer, be held by the Trustee on trust 
to apply them, subject to Conditions 19(kk) and 19(ll): 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee under or pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, 
corporation or similar tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration) required to be paid 
by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of ETC Securities pari 
passu and rateably; and 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
If the Trustee holds any moneys in respect of ETC Securities that have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed, the Trustee will hold them on the trusts 
described above. 
(c) 
Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of each Security Deed, subject to Condition 5(d)(ii), and Conditions 19(kk) 
and 19(ll), the Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement and after taking account of (x) any Taxes incurred, 
withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) any amounts which the Metal Agent is 
permitted to deduct from the proceeds of the realisation of the Underlying Metal in accordance with 
Condition 5(d) properly incurred by the Metal Agent prior to the enforcement of the Security by the

--- Page 132 ---
132 
  
Trustee (which shall have been certified (including the amounts due to the Metal Agent) by the 
Issuer and the Metal Agent to the Trustee which certificate shall be conclusive and binding)) as 
follows: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver under or pursuant to 
the Security Deeds and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document (which for 
the purpose of this Condition 5(c) and each Security Deed shall include, without limitation, 
any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar 
tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some 
of the Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer Series Fees and Expenses in respect of 
the ETC Securities; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to any Paying Agent for reimbursement in respect 
of proper payment of Principal or Interest made to the relevant holders of ETC Securities;  
(iv) 
fourthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due to (I) 
the Issuing Agent and any other Paying Agent(s) pursuant to the Agency Agreement, (II) the 
Secured Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the 
Subscription Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement for the Subscription 
Account and the Fee Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account, (III) the Determination Agent and the Programme 
Administrator pursuant to the Determination Agent Agreement and Programme Administrator 
Agreement, respectively, (IV) the Metal Agent pursuant to the Metal Agent Agreement, (V) 
the Account Bank, (VI) any Authorised Participant under an Authorised Participant 
Agreement, (VII) the Corporate Services Provider pursuant to the Corporate Services 
Agreement, and (VIII) the Series Counterparty and the Programme Administrator pursuant 
to the Balancing Agreement in each case to the extent they relate to the relevant Series of 
ETC Securities;  
(v) 
fifthly, in payment of any Specified Interest Amounts owing to Securityholders pari passu and 
rateably; 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts (other than Specified Interest Amounts) owing to the 
Securityholders by the Issuer pari passu and rateably and which shall include an amount 
payable by the Issuer on each ETC Security equal to the Additional Enforcement Amount (if 
any); and 
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Liquidation of Underlying Metal following an Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final 
Redemption Valuation Date 
(i) 
Following the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, from 
the first day of the related Redemption Disposal Period, the Metal Agent shall, acting as agent 
of the Issuer [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – (x)] realise the 
Underlying Metal in a timely fashion during the Redemption Disposal Period in accordance 
with the terms of the relevant Metal Agent Agreement and applicable laws [If FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – ; and (y) convert proceeds from the realisation 
of Underlying Metal into the Specified Currency].  
The Issuer has authorised and directed the Secured Account Custodian to deliver the 
Underlying Metal held by the Secured Account Custodian or Sub-Custodian (and, to the 
extent applicable, has authorised and directed the Subscription Account Custodian to deliver

--- Page 133 ---
133 
  
any Underlying Metal held by it) to, or to the order of, the Metal Agent on or after the first day 
of a Redemption Disposal Period, to the extent necessary to effect the realisation of the 
Underlying Metal. Pursuant to the terms of each Security Deed, the Security described in 
Condition 5(a) shall automatically be released without further action on the part of the Trustee 
only to the extent necessary to effect the realisation of the Underlying Metal, and with such 
release taking place at the time of delivery; provided that nothing in this Condition 5(d) shall 
operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of the 
realisation of the Underlying Metal. 
Notwithstanding the above, or any other term to the contrary, no realisation of the Underlying 
Metal by the Metal Agent shall occur following the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event 
and the Metal Agent shall cease any realisation of Underlying Metal immediately upon it 
becoming aware of any Issuer Insolvency Event. 
In realising the Underlying Metal, the Metal Agent may take such steps as it, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, considers appropriate in order to effect an orderly 
realisation in a timely fashion (so far as is practicable in the circumstances and taking into 
account the amount of the Underlying Metal to be realised) during the Redemption Disposal 
Period, and may effect such realisation at any time or from time to time during the 
Redemption Disposal Period and may do so in one transaction or in multiple transactions [If 
FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, provided that the proceeds of the 
Underlying Metal from each such transaction shall be converted into the Specified Currency 
at the rate the Metal Agent determines would be obtainable at the time of conversion which 
shall be on or about the day of such sale (or, if such day is not an FX Business Day, the 
immediately following FX Business Day), and which may take into account a bid/offer spread 
quoted by a dealer]. The Metal Agent will not be liable to the Issuer or to the Trustee, the 
Securityholders or any other person merely because a higher price could have been obtained 
had all or part of the realisation been delayed or taken place at a different time or had the 
realisation not been effected in stages.  
The Metal Agent may charge a bid/offer spread in respect of each realisation of the 
Underlying Metal [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and in respect 
of the conversion of the proceeds of such realisation of Underlying Metal into the Specified 
Currency on or about the day of such realisation], provided that such bid/offer spread is 
representative of the bid/offer spread that would generally arise on a realisation [If FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and conversion into the Specified Currency] 
by the Metal Agent of a similar type and for a similar amount of Metal. The Metal Agent shall 
be permitted to deduct such bid/offer spread and any Taxes arising from or connected with 
any such realisation from the actual proceeds of the realisation and shall not be liable to 
account for anything except the actual proceeds of any such realisation received by it after 
such deductions. The Issuer shall indemnify the Metal Agent for any Taxes arising from or 
connected with any such realisation which are borne by the Metal Agent and which the Metal 
Agent has not deducted from the actual proceeds of such realisation.  
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the Metal Agent will act in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner and will sell at a price which it reasonably 
believes to be representative of the fair market price of Underlying Metal being disposed of 
in the relevant transaction based upon market conditions then prevailing. Without prejudice 
to anything in this Condition 5(d)(i), the Metal Agent shall use reasonable efforts to realise 
the Underlying Metal in such a way as to minimise any VAT which may be charged, withheld 
or deducted on the realisation thereof which would reduce the net realisation proceeds (as 
compared to the position if no VAT were due), save that nothing in this Condition 5(d)(i) shall

--- Page 134 ---
134 
  
require the Metal Agent to minimise any such VAT in a manner which would itself reduce the 
net realisation proceeds. 
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the Metal Agent may sell: 
(A) 
to itself, or any Affiliate of it (and provided that in doing so the Metal Agent also 
complies with the requirements in (B) below); or  
(B) 
to the extent that such a person is willing to purchase at a fair market price and to the 
extent that a sale to such a person would minimise the VAT which may be charged, 
either to: 
(i) 
a Member of a Relevant Association (and provided that the Underlying Metal 
does not leave the control of a Member of the Relevant Association as a result 
of such sale); or  
(ii) 
a central bank or supranational organisation considered by the Metal Agent in 
the reasonable exercise of its discretion to be active in the market for the 
Underlying Metal (and provided that any such central bank or supranational 
organisation would not be deemed to be engaged in a commercial activity in 
connection with such sale). 
To the extent any VAT arises, this might reduce the Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount. 
The Metal Agent shall pay the Net Sale Proceeds to the Series Cash Account maintained 
with the Account Bank on behalf of the Issuer as directed by the Programme Administrator, 
but in any event, no later than on or around the day falling six Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date, as applicable (or by such 
other time and/or on such other date as may be specified for this purpose in the relevant 
Issue Deed or as otherwise agreed by the parties to the relevant Metal Agent Agreement).  
(ii) 
Prior to the enforcement of the Security constituted under each Security Deed, the Issuer (or 
its agent) shall apply the proceeds of the realisation of the Underlying Metal after taking 
account of (x) any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) 
any amounts which the Metal Agent is permitted to deduct from the proceeds of the 
realisation of the Secured Property in accordance with Condition 5(d)(i)), as follows: 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all Taxes and other amounts properly incurred by or 
payable to the Metal Agent (which for the purpose of this Condition 5(d) shall include, 
without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax in 
respect of the Metal Agent’s remuneration) required to be paid by the Metal Agent in 
connection with the performance of its obligations under these Conditions and/or by 
the Metal Agent on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the realisation of any 
Underlying Metal and the bid/offer spread charged by the Metal Agent in realising the 
Underlying Metal), provided that in no circumstance shall the amount payable to the 
Metal Agent in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(ii)(A) duplicate any amounts which 
the Metal Agent has deducted from the proceeds of the realisation of the Secured 
Property in accordance with Condition 5(d)(i); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities 
and other amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver 
under or pursuant to the Security Deeds and/or the Trust Deed and/or the other 
Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid 
by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Trust

--- Page 135 ---
135 
  
Deed and/or the Security Deeds and/or the other Transaction Documents and the 
Trustee’s remuneration); 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer Series Fees and Expenses in respect 
of the ETC Securities; 
(D) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to any Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of proper payment of Principal or Interest made to the relevant holders of ETC 
Securities; 
(E) 
fifthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due 
to (I) the Issuing Agent and any other Paying Agent(s) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, (II) the Secured Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement 
for Secured Accounts, Subscription Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody 
Agreement for the Subscription Account and the Fee Account Custodian pursuant to 
the Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account, (III) the 
Determination Agent and the Programme Administrator pursuant to the Determination 
Agent Agreement and Programme Administrator Agreement, respectively, (IV) the 
Metal Agent pursuant to the Metal Agent Agreement, (V) the Account Bank, (VI) any 
Authorised Participant under an Authorised Participant Agreement, (VII) the Corporate 
Services Provider pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement and (VIII) the Series 
Counterparty and the Programme Administrator pursuant to the Balancing Agreement, 
in each case to the extent they relate to the relevant Series of ETC Securities;  
(F) 
sixthly, in payment of any Specified Interest Amounts owing to Securityholders by the 
Issuer pari passu and rateably;  
(G) 
seventhly, in payment of any amounts (other than Specified Interest Amounts) owing 
to the Securityholders by the Issuer pari passu and rateably; and 
(H) 
eighthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Enforcement of Security Constituted Under each Security Deed 
The Security over the Secured Property shall become enforceable if payment of Principal or Interest 
in respect of the relevant series of ETC Securities is not made when due on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the relevant Scheduled Early Redemption Date (if applicable) or upon the occurrence of 
any Issuer Insolvency Event. 
(f) 
Realisation of Security 
At any time after the Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, 
if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities of this Series 
then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders, in each case subject to 
it having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the 
Securityholders, enforce the Security constituted under each Security Deed for this Series. 
To do this, it may, at its discretion, (i) enforce, terminate and/or realise any relevant Transaction 
Document (other than the Corporate Services Agreement) relating to the ETC Securities of this 
Series and any Secured Agent Rights in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action 
against the relevant Obligor(s) and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of the Secured 
Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable and may in its discretion, sell, call 
in, collect and convert into money all or part of the Secured Property, in such manner and on such 
terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and 
without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders and the Trustee will

--- Page 136 ---
136 
  
not be obliged or required to take any action or step which may involve it in incurring any personal 
liability or expense unless pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver of all or part of the Secured Property relating to the 
ETC Securities over which any Security shall have become enforceable and may remove any 
receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay or waiver of the right to exercise 
these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. 
Neither the Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, by 
reason of taking possession of any Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities or any other 
reason and whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except 
actual receipts or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured 
Property or from any act or omission to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or 
damage shall be caused by its own fraud. 
The Trustee shall not be obliged or required to take any action in relation to the enforcement of the 
Security that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
Following the conclusion of any realisation of the Secured Property as part of any enforcement 
process, if an Additional Enforcement Amount arises, such Additional Enforcement Amount shall 
become due and payable by the Issuer in respect of each ETC Security of this Series on the first 
Business Day immediately following such conclusion of the realisation of the Secured Property as 
part of any enforcement process. 
(g) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds 
In respect of the ETC Securities of this Series, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders shall 
have recourse only to the Secured Property in respect of the ETC Securities of this Series, subject 
always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of 
such Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available 
cash sums as provided in this Condition 5, the Trust Deed and the Security Deeds, as applicable, 
any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of the Secured Issuer Obligations remains 
unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer 
in respect thereof. None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting 
on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any steps against (i) any of the Issuer’s officers, 
shareholders, corporate service providers or directors or (ii) following extinguishment in accordance 
with this Condition 5(g), the Issuer to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim 
and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. It being 
expressly agreed and understood that the ETC Securities and the Transaction Documents are 
corporate obligations of the Issuer, each party agrees that no personal liability shall attach to or be 
incurred by the shareholders, officers, agents, employees or directors of the Issuer, or any of them, 
under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in 
the ETC Securities or any Transaction Document or implied therefrom, and any and all personal 
liability of every such shareholder, officer, agent, employee or director for breaches by the Issuer of 
any such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at law or by statute or constitution, of every 
such shareholder, officer, agent, employee or director, is hereby deemed expressly waived by the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them 
may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them 
shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other

--- Page 137 ---
137 
  
securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single series with the 
ETC Securities).  
The provisions of this Condition 5(g) shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the ETC 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document.  
(h) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Secured Property 
Without prejudice to Condition 5(a), Condition 14(a) or any other Condition, at any time before any 
Security in respect of the ETC Securities becomes enforceable or the occurrence of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, the Issuer may, with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee: 
(i) 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities as it may 
think expedient; and 
(ii) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Secured Property which are exercisable 
by the Issuer and, in particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their 
exercise), any voting rights in respect of such property and all rights to enforce any such 
ownership interests in respect of such property.  
The Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to the Secured Property, unless it has the 
consents referred to above or is directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution or unless otherwise 
permitted by these Conditions or other Transaction Documents and, if such direction or consent is 
given, the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such direction or consent, provided that, prior to 
the Security in respect of the ETC Securities becoming enforceable or the occurrence of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, subject to Condition 5(a)(ii), the Issuer may release or modify the rights and 
assets which are comprised in the Secured Property without any further action or consent being 
required on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary in connection with any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 5(a) (or in the Trust Deed and Security Deeds) in relation to 
which the Security over such Secured Property is released. 
6 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the ETC Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and, other than in respect of any termination of its appointment or action against it, 
the Programme Administrator and except as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document: 
(i) 
engage in any business other than (a) the issuance of series of securities (including any Series) and 
any amendment, exchange, repurchase, cancellation or reissue or resale of the same (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the issue and offer of securities in exchange for securities issued by DB 
ETC plc and/or DB ETC Index plc (and to take any steps necessary in accordance therewith, 
including in respect of any transfer of Metal in connection therewith)), (b) the acquisition of Qualifying 
Assets from or comprising the proceeds of such issue and (c) the entry into of related agreements 
and transactions (including the Transaction Documents for that Series or the same for any other 
series) and the performing of acts required thereunder or which relate or are incidental thereto or 
reasonably necessary (in the opinion of the Issuer) in connection therewith or in furtherance thereof 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur in connection with this Programme or any other 
secured securities programme established by the Issuer), and provided that each series of 
securities: 
(A) 
shall be secured on assets of the Issuer other than the Issuer’s share capital and any assets 
securing any other series of securities; and

--- Page 138 ---
138 
  
(B) 
shall, together with any related agreements entered into by the Issuer relating specifically to 
such securities, contain provisions that (x) limit the recourse of any holder of such securities, 
and of any party to any related agreement entered into by the Issuer relating specifically to 
such securities, to assets securing such series and not to assets to which any other series of 
securities have recourse and (y) prevent any persons from instituting any form of insolvency 
or similar proceedings with respect to the Issuer or any of its directors. 
For the avoidance of doubt, acts incidental or reasonably necessary in connection therewith or in 
furtherance thereof shall include (without limitation): (aa) the appointment of auditors, 
administrators, corporate administrators, banks, advisers or any other service provider necessary 
to maintain the Issuer and/or keep it operating and/or to comply with any laws, regulations or rules 
applicable to it, (bb) the amendment or termination of any related agreement to a series of securities, 
(cc) the entry into, amendment or termination of any agreement relating to the Issuer generally and 
not to any specific series of securities but which is to facilitate the issuance by the Issuer of securities 
and its ongoing administration of the same (including, without limitation, any previous metals 
overdraft agreement and/or any agreement relating to the operation of one or more unallocated 
metal accounts), (dd) entering into arrangements designed to allow investors in securities issued by 
any other issuer to be able to exchange those securities for securities issued by the Issuer and (ee) 
entering into any arrangements with any party relating to the Programme or any other issue of 
securities (including the issue of any separate series of securities) to entitle that party to receive any 
payment from the Issuer provided that such payments are not made from the secured property of 
any series; 
(ii) 
cause or permit the terms of the Security granted under each Security Deed and the order of priority 
specified in the Conditions, the Trust Deed and each Security Deed, as applicable, to be amended, 
terminated or discharged (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security Deed 
and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of ETC Securities); 
(iii) 
release any party (other than any Agent or Series Counterparty) to the relevant Trust Deed, the 
relevant Security Deed or any other relevant Transaction Document relating to a Series of ETC 
Securities from any existing obligations thereunder (other than as contemplated by the relevant 
Trust Deed, Security Deed, Balancing Agreement, Determination Agent Agreement, Agency 
Agreement, Programme Administrator Agreement, the relevant Transaction Document and/or the 
Conditions relating to such Series of ETC Securities); 
(iv) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(v) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Secured Property in respect of any Series of ETC Securities 
or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to exist any charge, lien or other 
encumbrance over such Secured Property (to the extent it relates to the Issuer) except in 
accordance with the Conditions of the relevant ETC Securities of any such Series and any other 
Transaction Document relating to any such Series as may be applicable; 
(vi) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms of 
the Balancing Agreement, the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or 
any other Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETC Securities (other than any Authorised 
Participant Agreement and other than as contemplated by the Conditions and the relevant 
Transaction Documents, in each case relating to any such Series); 
(vii) 
acquire any asset at any time that is not regarded as a Qualifying Asset or carry out any other 
business apart from the holding, managing or both the holding and the management in each case 
in Ireland of Qualifying Assets (and activities which are ancillary to that business); 
(viii) 
carry on a “specified property business” within the meaning of Section 110 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act 1997, as amended;

--- Page 139 ---
139 
  
(ix) 
apply to become part of a VAT group for the purposes of Section 15(1) of the Value-Added Tax 
Consolidation Act 2010; 
(x) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed 
and the Conditions for any Series of ETC Securities); 
(xi) 
have any employees; 
(xii) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the date of 
initial establishment of the Programme and which are ultimately held on charitable trust by its 
holders) or make any distribution to its shareholders in excess of EUR 3,000 per annum; 
(xiii) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such account (A) 
is a Series Cash Account or a collection account relating to fees received in connection with the 
issuance or buy-back of securities of a series or (B) is opened in connection with the administration 
and management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it or (C) 
opened in connection with any other series of securities or (D) is otherwise reasonably necessary 
(in the opinion of the Issuer) in relation to any series of securities or the operation of the Issuer in 
relation to the issuance of securities;  
(xiv) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(xv) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter 
into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of 
such entity or person or any other entity or person (save as may be required in connection with any 
exchange offer contemplated in paragraph (i)); 
(xvi) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(xvii) except as contemplated by any transaction document and/or the conditions relating to a series of 
securities, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the rights, 
property or other assets comprising the secured property for any such other series of securities, to 
any other entity or person;  
(xviii) subject as provided in (i) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, other than 
issuing further securities (which may or may not form a single series with any existing series of 
securities and may or may not be guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further 
obligations relating to such series; 
(xix) 
permit or cause any Underlying Metal to be transferred out of a Secured Account other than a 
transfer made (1) in accordance with the Issuer’s obligations under the Balancing Agreement; (2) 
to an Authorised Participant in connection with the settlement of a buy-back from that Authorised 
Participant and where the buy-back is at the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security; (3) to the Metal 
Agent in order to realise Metal representing the Product Fee as provided in the relevant Metal Agent 
Agreement, (4) to the Metal Agent following an Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final 
Redemption Valuation Date in accordance with Condition 5(d) and the relevant Metal Agent 
Agreement and (5) otherwise as permitted pursuant to the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed, each 
Security Deed or any other Transaction Document, 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the Trustee and 
the Programme Administrator is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, inconsistent with 
the objects of the Issuer as specified in its Constitution.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
  
7 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the following terms have the meanings as set out below: 
“Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement” means, in respect of a Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the product of (i) the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as of such Final 
Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be; and (ii) the total 
number of ETC Securities outstanding, in each case as at such date. 
“Aggregate Metal Sold” means, in respect of a Redemption Disposal Period, the aggregate number of 
Trading Units of Underlying Metal sold by the Metal Agent during the Redemption Disposal Period. The 
Metal Agent will notify the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Trustee of the 
number of Trading Units of Underlying Metal sold by the Metal Agent as soon as reasonably practicable 
following each sale, and in any event no later than two Business Days following the Redemption Disposal 
Period and will notify the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Trustee of the 
Aggregate Metal Sold as soon as reasonably practicable following the last day during the Redemption 
Disposal Period on which Underlying Metal is sold, and in any event no later two Business Days following 
the Redemption Disposal Period.   
“Average Metal Sale Price” means a price denominated in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Determination Agent as being equal to: 
(i) 
Net Sale Proceeds; divided by  
(ii) 
Aggregate Metal Sold, 
provided that if the Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement exceeds the Aggregate Metal Sold, then for the 
purposes of calculating the Average Metal Sale Price only, and to be taken into account in both Net Sale 
Proceeds and Aggregate Metal Sold for such purposes, such excess shall be deemed to have been sold 
by the Metal Agent at the last available Metal Reference Price as at the last day of the Redemption Disposal 
Period [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and converted into the Specified 
Currency at the FX Spot Offer Reference Level with respect to such day (or, if no FX Spot Offer Reference 
Level is available with respect to such day, the last available FX Spot Offer Reference Level)], as 
determined by the Determination Agent.  
“Early Metal Redemption Amount” means an amount determined by the Determination Agent as being 
equal to the product of (i) the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; and (ii) the Average Metal Sale Price. 
“Early Redemption Valuation Date” means, subject to Condition 8(c): 
(i) 
in relation to an Early Redemption Event, the date specified as such in relation to that event or if not 
specified, the date of the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and 
(ii) 
in relation to an Event of Default, the date of the Event of Default Redemption Notice from the 
Trustee given to the Issuer pursuant to Condition 12; 
or if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Final Metal Redemption Amount” means an amount determined by the Determination Agent as being 
equal to the product of (i) the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date; and (ii) the Average Metal Sale Price. 
“Final Redemption Valuation Date” means, subject to Condition 8(c), [To be specified in Final Terms – 
[●]], provided that if such day is not a Business Day, the Final Redemption Valuation Date shall be the 
immediately following Business Day.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level” has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 4.] 
“Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b). 
“Metal Reference Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.  
“Net Sale Proceeds” means an amount notified by the Metal Agent to the Issuer, the Determination Agent, 
the Trustee and the Programme Administrator as soon as reasonably practicable following the last day 
during the Redemption Disposal Period on which Underlying Metal is sold, and in any event no later than 
two Business Days following the Redemption Disposal Period , which is denominated in the Specified 
Currency and equal to (i) the proceeds of the sale of Underlying Metal in accordance with Condition 5(d) 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – (for the avoidance of doubt, converted into 
the Specified Currency)] less (ii) all amounts which the Metal Agent is entitled to deduct from the proceeds 
of sale in accordance with Condition 5(d) and less (iii) any negative interest charged on the Series Cash 
Account which exceeds any positive interest accrued on the Series Cash Accounts in each case on the 
proceeds of realisation of the Underlying Metal which have been deposited by the Metal Agent into the 
Series Cash Account during or relating to the Redemption Disposal Period. The Metal Agent will also notify 
the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Trustee and the Programme Administrator of the sale proceeds 
of each sale of Underlying Metal as soon as reasonably practicable following each sale and in any event 
no later than two Business Days following the Redemption Disposal Period.  
“Scheduled Early Redemption Date” means, subject to postponement in accordance with Condition 8(c), 
the 8th Business Day following the Early Redemption Disposal Period. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1. 
“Specified Interest Amount” means an amount of interest per ETC Security equal to that ETC Security’s 
pro rata share of the amount of interest which has accrued (at the rate of interest then applicable in respect 
of the Series Cash Account (from time to time)) (if any) on the proceeds of realisation of the Underlying 
Metal which have been deposited by the Metal Agent into the Series Cash Account, in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Metal Agent Agreement, during or relating to the relevant Redemption Disposal 
Period. Such interest may accrue at a positive or zero rate. The Specified Interest Amount shall be subject 
to a minimum of zero and any negative interest shall instead be deducted from the proceeds of the sale of 
the Underlying Metal pursuant to the definition of Net Sale Proceeds. 
“Trading Unit” means [If the Metal is Gold, text will apply or be inserted – one fine troy ounce.][If the Metal 
is Silver, Platinum or Palladium, text will apply or be inserted – one troy ounce.] 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer as provided below, 
subject to Condition 8(c), each ETC Security of this Series shall become due and payable on 
[scheduled maturity date of the relevant Series to be specified in Final Terms] (the “Scheduled 
Maturity Date”) at its final redemption amount (the “Final Redemption Amount”), being an amount 
per ETC Security in the Specified Currency determined by the Determination Agent equal to the 
greater of: 
(i) 
the Final Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
10 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series Issue Date (the “Minimum 
Debt Principal Amount”) plus the Specified Interest Amount. 
The Issuer or the Determination Agent (or an agent on its behalf) will, on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, publish the determination of the Final Redemption Amount (which shall include 
publication of the price, volume and date of each sale of Underlying Metal during the Redemption 
Disposal Period, including information on any fees, deductions and/or taxes imposed on such sale,

--- Page 142 ---
142 
  
and the determination of the Average Metal Sale Price) on the website maintained on behalf of the 
Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website notified by the Issuer for such Series of ETC 
Securities from time to time). 
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount plus the Specified 
Interest Amount is dependent on (A) the Final Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest 
Amount being at least equal to the Minimum Principal Debt Amount plus the Specified Interest 
Amount; and (B) the Metal Agent [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and 
the Series Counterparty] fulfilling their obligations under the Metal Agent Agreement [If FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted –and Balancing Agreement (respectively)]. 
Provided that the Final Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount is at least 
equal to the Minimum Principal Debt Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, the ability of the 
Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount will be dependent on (I) its receipt in full 
from the Metal Agent of the proceeds of the disposal of the Underlying Metal in accordance with 
Condition 5(d); (II) the Metal Agent having sold all of the Underlying Metal on or prior to the last day 
of the Redemption Disposal Period; and (III) the Underlying Metal held by the Issuer as at the first 
day of the Redemption Disposal Period being at least equal to the Aggregate Final Metal 
Entitlement. 
To the extent any of (I), (II) or (III) above are not satisfied, the provisions of Condition 5 shall apply 
with respect to the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights against the Metal Agent [If FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and/or the Series Counterparty] and the payment of any 
proceeds of any such enforcement shall be made in accordance with Condition 5. If the Issuer’s 
inability to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date is solely due to the 
Final Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount falling below the Minimum Debt 
Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, the Issuer is not expected to have any further 
rights against the Metal Agent [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and/or 
the Series Counterparty] which could be enforced and therefore there may not be any proceeds of 
enforcement of the Security. 
All such payments are also subject to the limited recourse provisions of Condition 5(g). As a result 
of the application of Condition 5(g), the Securityholders may not receive in full the Final Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of an ETC Security.  
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs, subject to Condition 8(c), each ETC Security of this Series 
shall become due and payable on the related Scheduled Early Redemption Date at its early 
redemption amount (the “Early Redemption Amount”) being an amount per ETC Security in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Determination Agent equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
the Early Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Minimum Debt Principal Amount (as defined in Condition 7(a)(ii)) plus the Specified 
Interest Amount. 
The Issuer or the Determination Agent (or an agent on its behalf) will, on or prior to the Scheduled 
Early Redemption Date, publish the determination of the Early Redemption Amount (which shall 
include publication of the price, volume and date of each sale of Underlying Metal during the 
Redemption Disposal Period, including information on any fees, deductions and/or taxes imposed 
on such sale, and the determination of the Average Metal Sale Price) on the website maintained on 
behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website notified by the Issuer for such Series 
of ETC Securities from time to time).

--- Page 143 ---
143 
  
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Early Redemption Amount is dependent on (A) the 
Early Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount being at least equal to the 
Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount; and (B) the Metal Agent [If FX 
Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and the Series Counterparty] fulfilling their 
obligations under the Metal Agent Agreement [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted –and Balancing Agreement (respectively)]. 
Provided that the Early Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount is at least 
equal to the Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, the ability of the 
Issuer to make payment of the Early Redemption Amount will be dependent on (I) its receipt in full 
from the Metal Agent of the proceeds of the disposal of the Underlying Metal in accordance with 
Condition 5(d); (II) the Metal Agent having sold all of the Underlying Metal on or prior to the last day 
of the Redemption Disposal Period; and (III) the Underlying Metal held by the Issuer as at the first 
day of the Redemption Disposal Period being at least equal to the Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement.  
To the extent any of (I), (II) or (III) above are not satisfied, the provisions of Condition 5 shall apply 
with respect to the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights against the Metal Agent [If FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and/or the Series Counterparty] and the payment of any 
proceeds of any such enforcement shall be made in accordance with Condition 5. If the Issuer’s 
inability to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Early Redemption Date is solely 
due to the Early Metal Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount falling below the 
Minimum Debt Principal Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount, the Issuer is not expected to 
have any further rights against the Metal Agent [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted – and/or the Series Counterparty] which could be enforced and therefore there may not be 
any proceeds of enforcement of the Security. 
All such payments are also subject to the limited recourse provisions of Condition 5(g). As a result 
of the application of Condition 5(g), the Securityholders may not receive in full the Early Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of an ETC Security.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, and 
provided that no Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date has already 
occurred, if at any time following notice being given that an Early Redemption Event is to occur (the 
“Initial Early Redemption Event”) a notice is given that an event or circumstance which would 
otherwise constitute or give rise to an Early Redemption Event occurs (the “Secondary Early 
Redemption Event”) in respect of which the Early Redemption Valuation Date relating thereto 
occurs (or would occur) prior to the date that would have been the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
in respect of the Initial Early Redemption Event, the Secondary Early Redemption Event shall prevail 
and all references to the “Early Redemption Event” in the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of the Early Redemption Valuation Date and the 
Scheduled Early Redemption Date of the ETC Securities as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(c) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may (but is not obliged to), on giving an irrevocable notice to the Programme 
Administrator and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, without requiring the consent of the Trustee or any other person), elect to redeem all the ETC 
Securities of this Series and designate an Early Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, 
provided that the date designated as the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall not be earlier than 
the 30th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice and shall not be on or after the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date (such notice an “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”). An Early 
Redemption Event in the form of an “Issuer Call Redemption Event” will occur on the Early

--- Page 144 ---
144 
  
Redemption Valuation Date designated in the Issuer Call Redemption Notice (save that if such day 
is not a Business Day the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first following Business 
Day). The Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the Transaction 
Parties on the same date as such notice is given to the Programme Administrator and the 
Securityholders.  
(d) 
Early Redemption Events 
Each of the following events (including an Issuer Call Redemption Event) shall be an early 
redemption event (each an “Early Redemption Event”) as specified below (and for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer shall not need any consent of the Trustee or other person to deliver any of the 
notices contemplated as being potentially delivered by it below): 
(i) 
on or after the Series Issue Date due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, applicable 
market association, tax authority and/or any exchange) or due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, any 
Commodity Regulatory Body, the LBMA, the LPPM or any relevant exchange or trading 
facility) of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) give the Trustee, the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Fee Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, the Determination Agent, the 
Issuing Agent, each Paying Agent and the Programme Administrator, the Metal Agent and 
the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
without requiring the consent of the Trustee or any other person) that all the ETC Securities 
of this Series are to be redeemed (such notice an “Issuer Redemption Notice”), because:  
(A) 
it has (or the Issuer reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) 
hold, acquire or dispose of all or some only of the Underlying Metal, and/or (y) perform 
its obligations under the ETC Securities and/or the Balancing Agreement; or 
(B) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the ETC Securities and/or the Balancing Agreement (including, 
without limitation, any increase in any applicable Taxes, any decrease in any 
applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or liability to Tax of the Issuer relating to 
any change in any applicable tax law or regulation). 
An Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Issuer Change in Law or Regulation 
Redemption Event” will occur on the Early Redemption Valuation Date and for such 
purposes the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the 4th Business Day after the date 
of the Issuer Redemption Notice (save that (i) if such day is not a Business Day, the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first following Business Day and (ii) if such day would 
otherwise occur after the Final Redemption Valuation Date, then the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date shall be such Final Redemption Valuation Date);  
(ii) 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Balancing Agreement is to 
terminate on the Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date following the occurrence of a 
Balancing Agreement Event of Default, a Balancing Agreement Termination Event or the 
valid delivery of a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice, and: 
(A) 
in respect of which (x) a Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice is validly given 
by the Issuer as the Non-Defaulting Party, (y) a Balancing Agreement Termination 
Event Notice is validly given by either the Issuer or the Series Counterparty as the 
Affected Party or (z) a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice is validly

--- Page 145 ---
145 
  
delivered by the Series Counterparty, and, in each case, the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Eligible Series Counterparty to replace the Series Counterparty in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 11 within the Suspension Period or, if the 
Issuer has not exercised its right pursuant to Condition 11 to suspend the 
determination of the Metal Entitlement per Security and the Value per ETC Security 
by the Determination Agent for any Suspension Period by the Valuation Day following 
the Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date, then an Early Redemption Event in 
the form of a “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event” shall occur on the fourth 
Business Day following the expiry of the relevant grace period set out in Condition 11 
and the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the Balancing Agreement Early 
Termination Date; or  
(B) 
in respect of which (x) a Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice is validly given 
by the Series Counterparty as the Non-Defaulting Party or (y) a Balancing Agreement 
Optional Termination Notice is validly delivered by the Issuer, in which case, an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of a “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event” shall 
occur on (1) in respect of the termination of the Balancing Agreement following the 
occurrence of a Balancing Agreement Event of Default, the fourth Business Day 
following the date on which the relevant Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice 
or the Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice (as applicable) is validly 
delivered, or (2) in respect of the termination of the Balancing Agreement following the 
valid delivery of a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice by the Issuer, 
the date specified in such notice, provided that the date so specified must be on or 
later than the 30th calendar day after the date of the relevant Balancing Agreement 
Optional Termination Notice and but shall not be later than (i) the 60th calendar day 
after the relevant Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice or (ii) the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date, and if such day is not a Business Day then the Balancing 
Agreement Early Termination Date shall be the next day that is a Business Day. 
In each case, the date of termination of the Balancing Agreement specified above shall be 
the “Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date”. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the valid delivery of a Balancing Agreement Event of Default 
Notice or Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice or the valid delivery of a Balancing 
Agreement Optional Termination Notice (a “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event 
Notice”); 
(iii) 
any Agent in relation to this Series of ETC Securities resigns or their appointment in relation 
to this Series of ETC Securities is terminated for any reason and no successor or 
replacement has been appointed within 60 calendar days of the date the resignation or 
termination become effective, and the Issuer gives notice (an “Agent Redemption Event 
Notice”) to the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, without requiring the consent of the Trustee or any other 
person). An Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Agent Redemption Event” will occur 
on the fourth Business Day following the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice. An 
Agent Redemption Event Notice may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day 
prior to the Final Redemption Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if the Value per ETC Security on two consecutive Valuation Days is less than or equal to 20 
per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series Issue Date (the “Value per 
ETC Security Threshold Level”), the Determination Agent shall give notice (a “Value per 
ETC Security Threshold Level Notice”) to the Issuer, copied to each of the Transaction 
Parties. An Early Redemption Event in the form of a “Value per ETC Security Threshold

--- Page 146 ---
146 
  
Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day following the date of the Value 
per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice. A Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice 
may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of a Value 
per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17, specifying in such notice the scheduled Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
(v) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to Condition 7(c);  
(vi) 
if the Issuer will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next date on which there 
is a sale of Metal in relation to the Product Fee or on which a delivery of Metal is due in 
respect of a subscription for ETC Securities of this Series by an Authorised Participant or a 
buy-back by the Issuer of ETC Securities of this Series from an Authorised Participant [If FX 
Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Costs Amount or Metal 
Entitlement FX Differential under the Balancing Agreement)], be required to make a payment 
in respect of VAT or to register for VAT or otherwise be required to account for VAT on such 
delivery of Metal from or to an Authorised Participant, a Series Counterparty or the Secured 
Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, or the Subscription Account Custodian 
(whether or not such VAT is recoverable); the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) give the 
Trustee, the Secured Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, the Subscription 
Account Custodian, the Determination Agent, the Issuing Agent, the Programme 
Administrator, the Metal Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 
notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, without requiring the consent of the Trustee or any 
other person) that all the ETC Securities of this Series are to be redeemed (a “VAT 
Redemption Event Notice”) and an Early Redemption Event in the form of a “VAT 
Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day following the date of the VAT 
Redemption Event Notice, provided that such VAT Redemption Event Notice may not be 
delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption Valuation Date; 
or 
(vii) 
if the Issuer becomes entitled to serve a VAT Redemption Event Notice [If FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or a termination notice under the Balancing 
Agreement following a Balancing Agreement Event of Default, a Balancing Agreement Tax 
Event or a Balancing Agreement Illegality], and the Trustee is notified in writing of such 
entitlement and directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC 
Securities then outstanding to give a notice under this Condition 7(d)(vii), the Trustee shall, 
provided that the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction, give such notice (a “Termination Event Redemption Notice”) to the Issuer and 
each of the Transaction Parties. An Early Redemption Event in the form of a “Termination 
Event Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day following the date of the 
Termination Event Redemption Notice. A Termination Event Redemption Notice may not be 
delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption Valuation Date. 
Any direction given to the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 7(d)(vii) by Securityholders must 
be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which is available from the 
Issuing Agent and the Trustee. [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
The Trustee shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any 
Transaction Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Balancing 
Agreement Tax Event or Balancing Agreement Illegality has occurred or exists and, unless 
and until the Trustee receives notice from Securityholders and is directed in each case as 
aforementioned, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no such event has occurred.] 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of a Termination Event

--- Page 147 ---
147 
  
Redemption Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
17, specifying in such notice the scheduled Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(e) 
Purchases  
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder), from time to time, buy 
back all or some of the ETC Securities.  
All ETC Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be cancelled. Any ETC Securities 
so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
ETC Securities shall be discharged. In accordance with each Security Deed, the Trustee will and 
will be deemed to release without the need for any notice or other formalities from such Security the 
relevant portion of the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities so purchased and cancelled, 
including such releases as are necessary to make any related deliveries and payments under an 
Authorised Participant Agreement or other similar buy-back agreement with any person. 
8 
Disruption Events and Postponement 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
Each of the Determination Agent (in relation to Metal Reference Price Source Disruptions and Force 
Majeure Disruption Events only) [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – , the 
Series Counterparty] and the Programme Administrator may (but is not obliged to), with respect to 
any Scheduled Valuation Day, determine that one or more Disruption Events has occurred or exists. 
For these purposes: 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Deliverability Event” 
means, with respect to the Currency Pair on any FX Business Day, an event (including the 
announcement of an event) that makes it impossible or materially prevents, restricts or delays the 
Series Counterparty’s ability to (a) deliver a Currency Pair from accounts inside the related Currency 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the related Currency Jurisdiction or (b) deliver the Currency Pair 
between accounts inside the related Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the 
related Currency Jurisdiction.]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Discontinuity Event” 
means, with respect to the Currency Pair on any FX Business Day, the occurrence or continuation 
of the pegging of the Currency Pair to U.S. dollars (or vice versa), the imposition of a “hard” or “soft” 
floor to the exchange rate of the Currency Pair or the controlled appreciation or devaluation by the 
related Currency Jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or regulatory authority thereof) of any 
currency of the Currency Pair relative to U.S. dollars (or vice versa), as the Series Counterparty 
determines in good faith and a commercially reasonably manner are likely to affect the Currency 
Pair. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Currency Discontinuity Event shall not be deemed to occur if 
it would not adversely affect the Series Counterparty’s ability to perform its obligations under the 
relevant Balancing Agreement in a commercially reasonable manner (as determined by the Series 
Counterparty reasonably and in good faith).] 
[If the ETC Securities are denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollar, text will apply or be 
inserted – “Currency Jurisdiction” means, with respect to a currency of the Currency Pair, the 
jurisdiction(s) in which such currency is the lawful currency and, with respect to the U.S. dollar, the 
United States of America.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Currency Pair” means the Specified 
Currency and the Metal Currency.]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
  
“Force Majeure Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, by reason 
of an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Determination Agent, including by reason of 
a technical or operational issue, it is impossible for the Determination Agent to perform its obligations 
under the Determination Agent Agreement that are required to be performed for the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security to be determined in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or by reason 
of an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Series Counterparty, including by reason of 
a technical or operational issue, it is impossible for such party to perform its obligations under the 
Balancing Agreement that are required to be performed for the Metal Entitlement FX Differential to 
be determined in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day]. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Disruption Event” means the 
occurrence or existence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
a Currency Deliverability Event; 
(ii) 
a Currency Discontinuity Event; or  
(iii) 
a Liquidity Event.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Liquidity Event” means, with respect 
to the Currency Pair on any FX Business Day, the imposition by the related Currency Jurisdiction 
or, without duplication, the United States of any capital or currency controls (such as a restriction 
placed on the holding of assets in or transactions through any account in the related Currency 
Jurisdiction or the United States by a non-resident of the related Currency Jurisdiction or the United 
States, as applicable) or the publication of any notice of an intention to do so, which the Series 
Counterparty determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is likely to 
materially affect an investment made in the relevant Currency Pair, in each case, on such FX 
Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Liquidity Event shall not be deemed to occur if it 
would not adversely affect the Series Counterparty’s ability to perform its obligations under the 
relevant Balancing Agreement in a commercially reasonable manner (as determined by the Series 
Counterparty reasonably and in good faith).] 
“Metal Disruption Event” means, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the occurrence or 
existence of a Metal Reference Price Source Disruption on that Scheduled Valuation Day.  
“Metal Reference Price Source Disruption” means, with respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day, 
the Metal Reference Price is not determined and published by the Metal Reference Price Source 
within the time period that such rate is customarily determined and displayed (unless the 
Programme Administrator [if FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and, where 
applicable, the Series Counterparty] agree to use such rate notwithstanding that it was determined 
and/or published later than is customary.  
(b) 
Disruption Event and Determination of Disrupted Days  
(i) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Metal Reference Price Source Disruption or a 
Force Majeure Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to any Scheduled 
Valuation Day, the Determination Agent shall give notice of its determination to the Issuer 
(copied to each Transaction Party) specifying the Metal Reference Price Source Disruption 
or Force Majeure Disruption Event (as the case may be) which has occurred or is existing 
(such notice a “Disruption Event Notice”). The Determination Agent is not under any 
obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event other than a Metal Reference Price 
Source Disruption or Force Majeure Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing with 
respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day and shall have no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder or any other person for any determination or non-determination that it makes

--- Page 149 ---
149 
  
under the Determination Agent Agreement [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or 
be inserted – , save that it shall give notice of a Metal Reference Price Source Disruption or 
Force Majeure Disruption Event where it has received notice of the same from the Series 
Counterparty (and in such case it shall have no liability for relying on such notice)].  
(ii) 
If the Programme Administrator [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted 
– or the Series Counterparty] determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists with 
respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day, such person shall give notice of its determination 
to the Issuer (copied to the Determination Agent and, as the case may be, the Programme 
Administrator [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Series 
Counterparty]) specifying the Disruption Event or Disruption Events which have occurred or 
are existing (such notice a “Disruption Event Notice”). No such person is under any 
obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing with 
respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day and shall have no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder or any other person for any determination or non-determination.  
(iii) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a Disruption Event 
Notice, publish notice thereof on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 from time to time). 
(c) 
Postponement of Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and Payment of Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
(i) 
If the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable, 
is a Disrupted Day, then the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (as applicable) shall be deemed to have been postponed until the first following 
Valuation Day that is not a Disrupted Day; provided that if no such Valuation Day has 
occurred on or before the 10th Scheduled Valuation Day following the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, then that 10th 
Scheduled Valuation Day shall be deemed to be the Final Redemption Valuation Date or 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, and the Programme Administrator 
will determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of such Final Redemption 
Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, by applying the 
relevant formula for the determination thereof but using such estimates of any component for 
which a value is not available as it deems fit and making such adjustments as it, in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner, deems necessary to take into account the economic 
effect of the Disrupted Days on and since the scheduled Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or scheduled Final Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be [If FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – save that in respect of any element of the relevant 
formula for the determination thereof that relates to the FX Hedging Factor, the Series 
Counterparty will determine such elements using such estimates of any component for which 
a value is not available as it deems fit and making such adjustments as it, in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner, deems necessary to take into account the economic 
effect of Disrupted Days on and since the scheduled Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
scheduled Final Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be]. If the Programme 
Administrator has not notified such Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to the Issuer and the 
Determination Agent by the time to be agreed between them, then the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security for the Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, 
as the case may be, [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – may (but 
is not obliged to) be determined by the Series Counterparty by applying the relevant formula 
for the determination thereof but using such estimates of any component for which a value is 
not available as it deems fit and making such adjustments as it, in good faith and a

--- Page 150 ---
150 
  
commercially reasonable manner, deems necessary to take into account the economic effect 
of the Disrupted Days on and since the scheduled Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
scheduled Final Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, and if the Series 
Counterparty does not determine the same] shall be deemed to be the last determined Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security. 
(ii) 
The Issuer or the Programme Administrator (or an agent on its behalf) shall publish the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security for the Final Redemption Valuation Date or the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) determined in accordance with Condition 8(c)(i) 
by no later than 4.00 p.m. London time on the Business Day immediately following the date 
on which such Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is determined on the website maintained 
on behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 from time to time). 
(iii) 
If any day in the period from (and including) the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, to (and including) the sixth Business Day 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of the Final Redemption Valuation Date) or 
the Scheduled Early Redemption Date (in the case of the Early Redemption Valuation Date):  
(A) 
is a Disrupted Day (each, a “Relevant Disrupted Day”); or  
(B) 
the transfer of the proceeds from the realisation of the Underlying Metal by the Metal 
Agent to the Series Cash Account pursuant to Condition 5 above would, in the 
determination of the Programme Administrator in its sole discretion, cause the balance 
standing to the Series Cash Account to exceed the maximum amount that can be held 
in such Series Cash Account during the period between December and January of 
each calendar year (such amount and such period (the “Year-End Period”) to be 
agreed from time to time between the Issuer, the Programme Administrator and the 
Account Bank),  
then the Programme Administrator may, by notice (a “Maturity Postponement Notice”) to 
the Determination Agent and the Series Counterparty on such sixth Business Day prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, 
postpone the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date by the number 
of days specified in such Maturity Postponement Notice, which number of days:  
(I) 
in the case of (A) above, may not exceed the total number of Relevant Disrupted Days 
(in such case the Final Redemption Disposal Period or Early Redemption Disposal 
Period, as the case may be, shall be deemed extended by the same number of days 
as the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date have been 
postponed by); and 
(II) 
in the case of (B) above, shall be such number of days after the Year-End Period 
determined by the Programme Administrator in its sole discretion as necessary for the 
Metal Agent to transfer the relevant proceeds to the Series Cash Account and for the 
Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, to be paid as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such Year-End Period.  
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt of a Maturity 
Postponement Notice, notify Securityholders of such postponement in accordance with 
Condition 17. No additional amount shall be payable to Securityholders in connection with 
any postponement of the payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, as applicable.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
  
9 
Successor Price Source, Replacement Price Source and related Amendments 
(a) 
Successor Reference Rate and Successor Price Source  
If on any day the Programme Administrator [If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text 
will apply or be inserted – or the Series Counterparty] determines that a Reference Rate has been 
replaced by a successor reference rate acceptable to the Programme Administrator [If ETC 
Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and the Series 
Counterparty] (in circumstances other than where there has been a Reference Rate Event), then 
the determining entity will notify the Issuer (and, as the case may be, the Programme Administrator 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and the Series 
Counterparty)] of such determination (each such notice will be copied to each Transaction Party)), 
and such successor reference rate (the “Successor Reference Rate”) shall be deemed to be such 
Reference Rate for the purposes of the ETC Securities and the Balancing Agreement but provided 
that it shall not affect any calculations or determinations already made using the Reference Rate as 
it applied immediately prior to such succession. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any such notice 
from a determining party of the replacement of a Reference Rate with a Successor Reference Rate. 
In addition, if on any day the Programme Administrator [If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Series Counterparty] determines that a Price Source 
relating to a Reference Rate no longer displays such Reference Rate notwithstanding that such 
Reference Rate continues to be determined, then the determining entity will notify the Issuer (and, 
as the case may be, the Programme Administrator [If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and the Series Counterparty)] of such determination (each 
such notice will be copied to each Transaction Party)) and shall specify a replacement Price Source 
that does display such Reference Rate, and such successor price source (the “Successor Price 
Source”) shall be deemed to be the relevant Price Source for such Reference Rate for the purposes 
of the ETC Securities and the Balancing Agreement but provided that it shall not affect any 
calculations or determinations already made. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any such notice 
from a determining party of the replacement of a Reference Rate with a Successor Reference Rate. 
(b) 
Replacement Reference Rate 
If, in respect of this Series of ETC Securities, the Programme Administrator [If ETC Securities are 
FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Series Counterparty] determines 
that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate and gives notice of such 
determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such 
determination) to the Issuer (and, as the case may be, the Programme Administrator [If ETC 
Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and the Series 
Counterparty)] (such notice, the “Reference Rate Event Notice”), then:  
(i) 
promptly upon receiving the Reference Rate Event Notice, the Issuer shall deliver a notice 
containing the same details to each other Transaction Party) and, in accordance with 
Condition 17, the Securityholders; 
(ii) 
the Programme Administrator shall attempt to identify a Replacement Reference Rate as 
soon as reasonably practicable and, where applicable, shall attempt to identify a replacement 
Price Source for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
the Programme Administrator shall determine whether any adjustments need to be made to 
the Replacement Reference Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any increase or reduction value that will be received by the Securityholders as a

--- Page 152 ---
152 
  
result of replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an 
“Adjustment Spread”); 
(iv) 
if the Programme Administrator identifies a Replacement Reference Rate pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above and determines an Adjustment Spread pursuant to paragraph (iii) above: 
(A) 
the Programme Administrator shall determine the day from which the Replacement 
Reference Rate shall replace the Reference Rate, which shall be as soon as 
reasonably practicable on or following the delivery of the Reference Rate Event Notice 
and such Replacement Reference Rate (subject to any Adjustment Spread) shall 
replace the Reference Rate from such date and the Price Source for such 
Replacement Reference Rate shall be that determined by the Programme 
Administrator;  
(B) 
the Programme Administrator shall deliver a notice to the Issuer and the Trustee which 
specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, any Adjustment Spread and any related 
amendments (such notice, the “Replacement Details Notice”) and, promptly upon 
receiving the Replacement Details Notice, the Issuer shall deliver a notice containing 
the same details to the other Transaction Parties) and, in accordance with Condition 
17, the Securityholders.  
None of the Issuer, the Programme Administrator, the Determination Agent or the Trustee (or any 
other Transaction Party) shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any 
Reference Rate Event has occurred.  
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Any Replacement 
Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and the day from which the Replacement Reference Rate shall 
replace the Reference Rate, together with any related amendments, adjustments, replacements or 
restatements shall be made in consultation with the Series Counterparty and shall require the Series 
Counterparty’s consent and agreement (which shall not be unreasonably withheld)]. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Programme Administrator may determine that in its opinion no such 
replacement of the Reference Rate is needed on the basis that such replacement would not have a 
material benefit to the ongoing operation of the ETC Securities of such Series [If ETC Securities are 
FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – provided that the Series Counterparty 
has no objection to such determination]. 
(c) 
Amendments 
In respect of any successor or replacement Reference Rate determined pursuant to Condition 9(a) 
or (b) above, and subject to such Conditions, the Issuer shall be entitled without the consent of the 
Securityholders, the Trustee or any other person (but [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply 
or be inserted – with the consent of the Series Counterparty referred to in Condition 9(b)] and, save 
for the Conditions and any Final Terms, with the consent of any other party to that Transaction 
Document where it is a Transaction Document being amended), to make (or deem to be made) 
such amendment, adjustments, replacements or restatements to the Conditions, to any Final Terms 
and to any Transaction Document as it determines necessary or desirable to reflect or detail such 
successor or replacement or that it determines necessary or appropriate in order to account for the 
effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate or the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread), as applicable, and/or to 
preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the ETC Securities before and after 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate or the Replacement 
Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread), as applicable.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
  
10 Payments, Calculations, Agents and Records 
(a) 
Payments Net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the ETC Securities, the 
Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts 
to compensate for any such Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
Payments 
For as long as the ETC Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with a Relevant 
Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a common depository, common 
safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Conditions to make payments in respect of the ETC Securities will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of the Global Security, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of such Global Security and provided that any presentation of the Global 
Security for such purpose is made outside the United States of America. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning ETC Securities represented by such 
Global Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his share of any payment made 
by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of the Global Security. Payments made to any person 
shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning any ETC Security represented by 
the Global Security shall be subject to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Securityholders in respect of such payments and no payments will be made at any office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States of America. 
(d) 
Calculations and Determinations  
(i) 
The Determination Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date and/or at such time as 
the Determination Agent is required in accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement 
and the Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and obligations 
as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
If (I) the appointment of the Determination Agent is terminated in connection with a 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event or (II) the Determination Agent resigns or its 
appointment is terminated and the Determination Agent fails to perform its duties and 
obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement in the period prior to the effective date 
of such resignation or termination, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable after 
becoming aware of the foregoing notify the Programme Administrator and the Trustee 
thereof. As soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of such notice (taking into account 
the time required for the Programme Administrator to put in place the relevant systems and 
procedures), the Programme Administrator has agreed in the Programme Administrator 
Agreement to act as agent of the Issuer (or, if the Trustee so requests following the

--- Page 154 ---
154 
  
occurrence of an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or after the Security has 
become enforceable, as agent for the Trustee) and will use reasonable efforts to perform the 
duties and obligations of the Determination Agent on a temporary basis, until such time as a 
replacement Determination Agent is appointed. In doing so, the Programme Administrator 
shall apply the provisions of the Determination Agent Agreement, the Conditions, the relevant 
Transaction Document(s) and the other Relevant Provisions, with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other 
respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances. 
(ii) 
Without prejudice to Condition 10(d)(vi), the Programme Administrator shall not be liable 
(whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person for any Loss incurred by any 
such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by the Programme 
Administrator of its obligations under the Programme Administrator Agreement, the 
Conditions or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, provided that nothing 
shall relieve the Programme Administrator from any Loss arising by reason of acts or 
omissions constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Programme Administrator 
(any such act or omission, a “Programme Administrator Breach”). 
(iii) 
If the Programme Administrator would, but for the operation of this Condition 10(d)(iii), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme Administrator Breach, the 
Programme Administrator shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Programme 
Administrator Breach results from the Programme Administrator complying with any specific 
instruction or express direction from any director of the Issuer (whether received in electronic 
form or otherwise). 
(iv) 
If the Programme Administrator would, but for the operation of this Condition 10(d)(iv), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme Administrator Breach, the 
Programme Administrator shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Programme 
Administrator Breach results solely and directly from either the failure by any other 
Transaction Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which such Transaction Party 
is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction Document 
or a delay in the delivery by any other Transaction Party of any notice, instruction or direction 
which such Transaction Party is required or permitted to give to the Determination Agent 
and/or the Programme Administrator under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction 
Document.  
(v) 
If the Programme Administrator would, but for the operation of this Condition 10(d)(v), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme Administrator Breach, the 
Programme Administrator shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Programme 
Administrator Breach results solely and directly from the reliance by the Programme 
Administrator upon a rate, amount, quotation, value, other calculation or determination or 
other information which is made or provided by another Transaction Party in accordance with 
the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Transaction Document and notified to the 
Programme Administrator pursuant to the Conditions and the relevant Transaction 
Document. 
(vi) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the relevant Programme Administrator 
Agreement, these Conditions or any other Transaction Document, the Programme 
Administrator shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders, any Transaction Party or

--- Page 155 ---
155 
  
any other person for any calculations, determinations (or any delay in making any calculation 
or determination), actions or omissions made by the Programme Administrator in connection 
with the performance of the duties and obligations of the Determination Agent pursuant to 
Condition 10(d) unless fraudulent or made in bad faith. Without prejudice to anything in this 
Condition 10(d)(vi), the Programme Administrator shall have the benefit of the provisions of 
Condition 10(f) relating to the Determination Agent in respect of any calculations, 
determinations, actions or omissions made by the Programme Administrator in connection 
with the performance by the Programme Administrator of the duties and obligations of the 
Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 10(d). 
(vii) 
The determination by the Determination Agent or the Programme Administrator, as 
applicable, of any amount, rate, value or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other 
matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted 
to be determined, formed or exercised by the Determination Agent under the Relevant 
Provisions in the case of the Determination Agent and under the Conditions, the Programme 
Administrator Agreement and any other Transaction Documents to which it is a party in the 
case of the Programme Administrator are required under the terms of the Determination 
Agent Agreement or Programme Administrator Agreement, as the case may be, to be made 
in good faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Securityholders and the Transaction Parties. 
(e) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 5(e) and (i) the 
Determination Agent does not make any determination or calculation relating to the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security, Value per ETC Security, Final Metal Redemption Amount, Early Metal 
Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Additional 
Enforcement Amount when required pursuant to the Conditions and the Transaction Documents 
and (ii) the Programme Administrator has not made any determination or calculation relating thereto 
or a Programme Administrator Bankruptcy Event has occurred, then the Trustee may make any 
determination or calculation in place of the Determination Agent (or may appoint an agent on its 
behalf to do so) provided that the Trustee shall have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or 
indemnified to its satisfaction. Any such determination or calculation made by the Trustee (or agent) 
shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents be deemed to have been 
made by the Determination Agent. In doing so, the Trustee (or agent) shall apply the provisions of 
the Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction Document(s), with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in 
such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. The Trustee shall not be 
liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders or any Transaction Party for any calculations and 
determinations (or any delay in making any calculation or determination) so made unless fraudulent 
or made in bad faith. 
(f) 
Determination Agent and Programme Administrator 
(i) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort 
or otherwise) to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other 
person for any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the 
performance by the Determination Agent of its obligations under the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall 
relieve the Determination Agent from any direct Loss arising by reason of (i) acts or omissions 
constituting bad faith, fraud, negligence or wilful default of the Determination Agent or (ii) 
death or personal injury caused by its negligence (any such act or omission, a 
“Determination Agent Breach”). In addition, if the Determination Agent would, but for the 
operation of this Condition 10(f)(i), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a

--- Page 156 ---
156 
  
Determination Agent Breach by it, the Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no 
liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if 
such Determination Agent Breach results solely and directly from: 
(A) 
the Determination Agent complying with any specific instruction or express direction 
from any director of the Issuer (whether received in electronic form or otherwise); 
(B) 
either (i) the failure by any other Transaction Party to provide any notice, instruction 
or direction which such Transaction Party is required or permitted to give under the 
Conditions or any relevant Transaction Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any 
other Transaction Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Transaction 
Party is required or permitted to give to the Determination Agent under the Conditions 
or any relevant Transaction Document; or 
(C) 
the reliance by the Determination Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, value, other 
calculation or determination or other information notified to the Determination Agent 
pursuant to the Conditions and/or any relevant Transaction Document which is made 
or provided by another Transaction Party in accordance with the Conditions and the 
terms of any relevant Transaction Document. 
(ii) 
Neither the Determination Agent nor the Programme Administrator has any obligation 
towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Securityholder. 
(iii) 
Neither the Determination Agent nor the Programme Administrator has any duties or 
responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the Conditions, the Programme 
Administrator Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party (in the 
case of the Programme Administrator) or the Relevant Provisions (in the case of the 
Determination Agent) and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read 
into the relevant agreements against or on the part of the Determination Agent or the 
Programme Administrator (as applicable). Neither the Determination Agent nor the 
Programme Administrator (as applicable) will, or will be deemed to, assume or be liable for 
the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust 
Deed or any other Transaction Document unless (in the case of the Determination Agent) 
otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
(iv) 
The Determination Agent and the Programme Administrator (as applicable) may consult, on 
any legal matter which it believes in good faith requires such consultation, any legal or other 
professional advisers reasonably selected by it, who may be employees of or advisers to the 
Issuer, and it will not be liable in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, relating to 
that matter in good faith in accordance with the opinion of such adviser(s).  
(v) 
Neither the Determination Agent nor the Programme Administrator will incur any liability to 
any person in acting upon any ETC Security, signature, or other document or information 
from any electronic or other source reasonably believed by it to be genuine and believed by 
it to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by the proper party or parties, in 
each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the 
Determination Agent Agreement or the Programme Administrator Agreement (as the case 
may be). 
(vi) 
The Determination Agent, [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the 
Series Counterparty] and the Programme Administrator, respectively, whether or not acting 
for themselves, may acquire, hold or dispose of any ETC Security or other security (or any 
interest therein) of the Issuer or any other person, may enter into or be interested in any 
contract or transaction with any such person, and may act on, or as depositary, trustee or 
agent for, any committee or body of holders of securities of any such person, in each case

--- Page 157 ---
157 
  
with the same rights as it would have had if that Determination Agent, [If FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Series Counterparty] or Programme Administrator, 
as applicable, were not a Determination Agent, [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply 
or be inserted – Series Counterparty] or Programme Administrator, as applicable, under the 
Determination Agent Agreement, the Balancing Agreement or Programme Administrator 
Agreement, as applicable, and need not account for any profit. 
(vii) 
Save as otherwise provided in the Determination Agent Agreement, the Programme 
Administrator Agreement, and the other Relevant Provisions, neither the Determination 
Agent nor the Programme Administrator shall be required to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise (other than such costs and expenditure 
contemplated by the Relevant Provisions and/or incurred in the ordinary performance of its 
respective duties and obligations under the relevant agreement and any ordinary office 
expenses, remuneration of directors or employees or general operating costs of the 
Determination Agent or the Programme Administrator (as applicable) (whether incurred in 
connection with the performance of its obligations under the Relevant Provisions or 
otherwise)) if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or 
the provision of an indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not assured to it.  
(viii) 
Neither the Determination Agent nor the Programme Administrator is bound to make any 
investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, 
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement order, approval or other 
paper or document received by it from the Issuer or any other Transaction Party. 
(ix) 
To the extent that the Determination Agent or the Programme Administrator requires 
clarification of its duties pursuant to the Relevant Provisions, the Determination Agent or the 
Programme Administrator (as applicable) is entitled to seek instructions from, and to rely 
entirely and act on the instructions received from, the Issuer and, without prejudice to the 
standard of care, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in the Determination Agent 
Agreement or the Programme Administrator Agreement (as applicable), neither the 
Determination Agent nor the Programme Administrator (as applicable) will be responsible for 
any action it takes in accordance with such instructions. 
(x) 
If the Issuer expressly instructs the Determination Agent or the Programme Administrator to 
take any action not contemplated by the Relevant Provisions, neither the Determination 
Agent nor the Programme Administrator (as applicable) will, without prejudice to the standard 
of care, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in the Determination Agent Agreement 
or the Programme Administrator Agreement (as applicable), be responsible for any action it 
takes on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with such instructions. 
(xi) 
The Determination Agent and the Programme Administrator will have no responsibility or 
liability for any Loss resulting from its being unable to perform any functions or obligations 
under the Determination Agent Agreement or the Programme Administrator Agreement (as 
applicable) if the same results from any law, regulation or requirement (whether or not having 
the force of law) of any central bank or governmental or other regulatory authority affecting 
it. Nothing in the Determination Agent Agreement or in any other Transaction Document shall 
require the Determination Agent or the Programme Administrator (as applicable) to take any 
action or refrain from taking any action if the same would be contrary to any applicable law, 
regulation or requirement of any central bank or government or other regulatory authority 
affecting it. 
(xii) 
The Determination Agent shall have no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the 
relevant Issue Deed or any other Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event 
of Default, or a Potential Event of Default or an Early Redemption Event (or any event which

--- Page 158 ---
158 
  
with the passing of time or the giving of a notice would constitute an Early Redemption Event) 
has occurred in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (other than as required 
pursuant to Condition 7(d)(iv) with respect to a Value per ETC Security Threshold 
Redemption Event) or if the Security under the relevant Security Deeds has become 
enforceable. Until the Determination Agent has actual knowledge or express notice to the 
contrary, it may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other 
Transaction Parties are performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities 
of the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. The 
Determination Agent shall not be responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance 
by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so 
performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Determination Agent 
shall not be responsible for any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme 
Administrator, the Metal Agent or any other Transaction Party or any agent thereof in giving 
instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default or other failure of any 
of them. The Determination Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer or any Transaction Party 
for any loss which may be sustained in the purchase, holding or sale of any metal investment 
or other asset by the Issuer or any Transaction Party.  
(xiii) 
The Programme Administrator shall have no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of 
any Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential 
Event of Default or an Early Redemption Event (or any event which with the passing of time 
or the giving of a notice would constitute an Early Redemption Event) has occurred in relation 
to the relevant Series of ETC Securities or if the Security under the relevant Security Deeds 
has become enforceable. The Programme Administrator shall not be responsible for 
monitoring or supervising the performance by any person (other than itself) of such person’s 
obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and until it 
has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Programme Administrator shall not be responsible 
for any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Metal Agent or any other Transaction 
Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, 
wilful default or other failure of any of them. 
(g) 
Appointment of Agents and Service Providers 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time without the consent of the Trustee or the Securityholders to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Issuing Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Metal Agent, the Account Bank, 
the Secured Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, 
the Programme Administrator or the Determination Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the appointment of an 
Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the 
relevant Transaction Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times 
maintain (i) an Issuing Agent, (ii) a relevant Paying Agent, (iii) a Determination Agent, (iv) a 
Programme Administrator, (v) an Account Bank, (vi) a Secured Account Custodian, (vii) a 
Subscription Account Custodian, (viii) a Fee Account Custodian, (ix) a Metal Agent and (x) such 
other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the ETC Securities may be listed, 
in each case, as approved by the Trustee. Any replacement Secured Account Custodian, Fee 
Account Custodian, or Subscription Account Custodian is required, at the time of appointment, to 
be an Eligible Custodian. Any replacement Metal Agent is required at the time of appointment to be 
an Eligible Metal Agent, any Account Bank is required at the time of appointment to be an Eligible 
Account Bank, any replacement Determination Agent is required at the time of appointment to be 
an Eligible Determination Agent and any replacement Programme Administrator is required at the 
time of appointment to be an Eligible Programme Administrator. Notice of any change of Agent or

--- Page 159 ---
159 
  
any change to the specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given to the Securityholders by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 17.  
(h) 
Business Day Convention and Non-Payment Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any ETC Security is not a Payment Business Day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day or to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(i) 
Records 
For so long as the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a Global Security (a) in 
NGN form or (b) in CBF GN form where the Relevant Clearing System is Clearstream, Frankfurt, 
the records of the Relevant Clearing System(s) (which expression in this Condition 10(i) means the 
records that each Relevant Clearing System or the Relevant Clearing System, as applicable, holds 
for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers’ interests in the ETC Securities) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the number of the ETC Securities represented by the Global Security 
and, for these purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System (which statement 
shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of ETC Securities 
represented by the Global Security at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
(j) 
Negotiability of Global Security 
The Global Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
(i) 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the transferee 
all rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations 
appertaining hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
the holder of the Global Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all previous 
holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable upon redemption or otherwise 
payable in respect of the Global Security and the Issuer waives as against such holder and 
any previous holder of the Global Security all rights of set-off or counterclaim that would or 
might otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations evidenced by the Global 
Security; and 
(iii) 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Security will operate as a good discharge 
against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Security. 
(k) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
The Issuer shall make any determinations that it is required to make and exercise any discretions 
that it may have pursuant to these Conditions in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner. 
11 Series Counterparty and Prescription 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
(a) 
Suspension Period and replacement Series Counterparty  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, following the valid delivery of (x) a Balancing 
Agreement Termination Event Notice by either the Issuer or the Series Counterparty as the Affected 
Party, (y) a Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice by the Issuer as the Non-Defaulting Party 
or (z) a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice by the Series Counterparty, the Issuer is 
permitted (but not obliged) to appoint an Eligible Series Counterparty to act as replacement Series 
Counterparty within:

--- Page 160 ---
160 
  
(i) 
in respect of a Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice or a Balancing Agreement 
Event of Default Notice, 30 calendar days from the date of the relevant notice; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice, 30 calendar days from the 
Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date specified in such notice. 
Any replacement Balancing Agreement under which an Eligible Series Counterparty is appointed to 
act as replacement Series Counterparty will, for the purposes of the determinations required to be 
made pursuant thereto, commence using the Metal Entitlement per Security as at the date of 
termination of the Balancing Agreement that has been terminated and is being replaced by such 
replacement Balancing Agreement. 
If the Balancing Agreement is terminated in the circumstances set out in (x), (y) or (z) above, then 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by written notice to the Determination Agent, determine to 
suspend the determination of the Metal Entitlement per Security and Value per ETC Security by the 
Determination Agent for a period up to 30 Business Days (such period, the “Suspension Period”).  
Following the occurrence of any of the circumstances set out in (x), (y) or (z) above, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 as 
soon as reasonably practicable of its decision either to call a Suspension Period and appoint a 
replacement Series Counterparty or to redeem early the ETC Securities (a “Suspension Notice” 
or “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event Notice” as the case may be). 
(b) 
Limitation of Liability of the Series Counterparty 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Series Counterparty is not liable under the 
relevant Balancing Agreement (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the 
Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person for any Loss (including, 
without limitation, any consequential loss or loss caused by any force majeure events) incurred by 
any such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by the Series Counterparty 
of its obligations under the relevant Balancing Agreement, unless (x) due to the Series 
Counterparty’s bad faith, fraud, gross negligence or wilful default or its failure to make any payment 
or delivery required under the relevant Balancing Agreement and (y) to the extent not by reason of: 
(i) 
the Series Counterparty complying with any specific instruction or express direction from any 
director of the Issuer, the Programme Administrator or the Determination Agent; 
(ii) 
the failure by any other Transaction Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction (or 
any delay thereto) under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction Document or (ii) a delay 
in the delivery by any other Transaction Party of any such notice, instruction or direction; or 
(iii) 
the Series Counterparty’s reliance upon a rate, amount, quotation, value, other calculation or 
determination or other information made or provided by another Transaction Party in 
accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Transaction Document. 
(c) 
Indemnification by the Issuer 
Under the relevant Balancing Agreement (and without prejudice to Condition 11(b) above), the 
Issuer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Series Counterparty and its affiliates (including 
its and their directors, officers, managers, stockholders, other investors, employees and agents) 
from and against any and all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims 
(including reasonable attorneys’ and accountants’ fees and expenses) in respect of or arising from 
any acts or omissions of such indemnified persons in connection with the performance of the Series 
Counterparty’s duties under the relevant Balancing Agreement, unless (x) due to the Series 
Counterparty’s bad faith, fraud, gross negligence or wilful default or its failure to make any payment 
or delivery required under the relevant Balancing Agreement and (y) to the extent not by reason of

--- Page 161 ---
161 
  
any of the circumstances set out in (i), (ii), and (iii) in Condition 11(b) above.]/[If not FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Reserved].  
(d) 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETC Securities shall 
be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment 
of the relevant amount in respect of the ETC Securities first became due. 
12 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, or 
shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that in each case the Trustee shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer 
(copied to each Transaction Party)) (such notice an “Event of Default Redemption Notice”) that the ETC 
Securities shall become due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Early 
Redemption Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a payment 
obligation) under the ETC Securities, the Security Deeds or the Trust Deed, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of 
the Trustee remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these 
purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable 
notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time); or 
(ii) 
any of the following events (each an “Issuer Insolvency Event”) occurs for a Series, such that the 
Issuer: 
(a) 
save to the extent contemplated in the Security Deeds for that Series, makes a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of the 
Securityholders, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(b) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it, a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency, examinership, bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy, 
examinership or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, general settlement with creditors or reorganisation 
proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official; 
(c) 
has instituted against it, by a person or entity not described in paragraph (b) above, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy or any other 
similar relief under any bankruptcy, examinership or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy or 
the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, or 
(B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; 
(d) 
has a resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes 
of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on 
terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 162 ---
162 
  
(e) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, examiner, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official or any application 
made or petition lodged or documents filed with the court or administrator in relation to the 
Issuer or the Programme (as appropriate)) for it or for any assets on which the liabilities of 
the Issuer under the relevant ETC Securities are secured pursuant to the Security Deeds for 
that Series; 
(f) 
other than the Trustee for that Series in circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the 
Security pursuant to the Security Deeds or the Secured Account Custodian or Subscription 
Account Custodian in such roles or any other Transaction Party in the performance of their 
respective roles, has a secured creditor other than a Secured Creditor take possession by 
way of enforcement of any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant ETC 
Securities are secured pursuant to the Security Deeds for that Series or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant ETC Securities are 
secured pursuant to the Security Deeds for that Series and such secured creditor maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each 
case within 30 days thereafter. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17.  
Notwithstanding the above, no Event of Default Redemption Notice may be given if an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date has occurred. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, in the month in each year in which the anniversary of 
the issue date of the first series of securities issued under the Programme falls and also within 14 calendar 
days after any request by the Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by any duly authorised 
signatory of the Issuer to the effect that, such duly authorised signatory having made all reasonable 
enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer as at a date not more than five 
calendar days prior to the date of the certificate no Event of Default, or event or circumstance that could 
with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default or event 
pursuant to which the Security has become enforceable, has occurred since the date to which the last 
certificate relates or (if none) the issue date of the first series referred to above. 
13 Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the 
rights of the holders of the ETC Securities against the Issuer whether the same arise under general law, 
the Trust Deed, the ETC Securities and any other Transaction Document (other than the Corporate 
Services Agreement) or otherwise, but it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings 
unless (a) in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then outstanding 
and (b) it is secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. None of the holders of the 
ETC Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become 
bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a 
reasonable time and such failure is continuing.  
Pursuant to the terms of each Security Deed, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Secured 
Property in accordance with the Security Deeds and (other than as permitted by the Trust Deed and the 
Conditions) only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such action or step or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the Security over the Secured 
Property, but it need not take any such action or step or institute such proceedings unless (a) it shall have

--- Page 163 ---
163 
  
been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of 
the relevant Series of ETC Securities then outstanding and (b) it shall have been secured and/or pre-
funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. None of the Secured Creditors, the Other Creditors, the 
Securityholders or the other Transaction Parties shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in 
respect of the Security Deeds unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with 
the terms of the Security Deeds, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing. The Trustee, the Securityholders, the Secured Creditors, the Other Creditors and the 
Transaction Parties acknowledge and agree that only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the 
Secured Property in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Security Deeds. 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding that would involve 
any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction whether pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Security Deeds or otherwise. 
14 Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, a meeting of Securityholders may be convened as 
described in Annex 1 to these Conditions by the Issuer or the Trustee at any time during the term 
of the ETC Securities. The quorum requirement for a meeting and the voting arrangements pursuant 
to the Trust Deed are described in Annex 1 to these Conditions.  
The special quorum provisions described in Annex 1 to these Conditions and in the Trust Deed shall 
apply to any meeting and Extraordinary Resolution relating to any proposal: (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the ETC Securities; (ii) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable; (iii) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the ETC Securities; (iv) to take any steps that, as 
specified in the Trust Deed, may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution 
to which the special quorum provisions apply; (v) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Securityholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; (vi) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the special quorum provisions; 
or (vii) to modify certain provisions of Condition 5 and/or the Security Deeds.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
approval of Securityholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or otherwise 
or the consent of the Trustee is required (without limitation) for: 
(i) 
the transfer of Metal to [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the 
Series Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement and to] an Authorised Participant in 
connection with any buy-back and the related release of Security and any other circumstance 
in which assets may be released from the security as provided in Condition 5 or in the 
Security Deeds;  
(ii) 
any change to the Product Fee Percentage at any time [If ETC Securities are FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – (whether due to a change in the Base Fee 
Percentage or the FX Hedging Fee Percentage)]; 
(iii) 
the termination of any appointment of an Agent or Series Counterparty or any appointment 
of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such appointment or termination 
thereof or replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions; 
(iv) 
the substitution of the Reference Rate with a Successor Reference Rate, or the replacement 
of a Reference Rate or Price Source, or any related activities pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 164 ---
164 
  
(v) 
the transfer, novation, assignment or replacement of the Balancing Agreement pursuant to 
these Conditions;  
(vi) 
any increase to the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities; 
(vii) 
any amendment to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relates to 
an operational or procedural issue;  
(viii) 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – any replacement of the Series 
Counterparty in accordance with Condition 11];  
(ix) 
any amendment to the name of the Programme;  
(x) 
anything that the Issuer is permitted to do without the prior written consent of the Trustee 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any other Conditions; or 
(xi) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the Programme Administrator Agreement effected in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
(b) 
Modification of the Relevant Transaction Documents 
Without prejudice to Condition 14(a), the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Securityholders but only with the prior written consent of the Programme Administrator, to (i) any 
modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, each Security Deed, the Balancing Agreement 
and/or any other Transaction Document which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification, and any 
waiver or authorisation, of any breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Security Deeds, the Balancing Agreement and/or any other 
Transaction Document that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Securityholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the 
Securityholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification will be notified by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as reasonably practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders but subject to the prior written consent 
of the Programme Administrator, agree to the substitution, in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Security Deeds, the other Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and the ETC Securities, of any other company (incorporated in any 
jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the “Substituted Obligor”) whether in connection 
with the occurrence of a Balancing Agreement Tax Event under the Balancing Agreement or 
otherwise, provided that: 
(i) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form 
and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deeds and the ETC Securities (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Trust Deed, the 
Security Deeds and the ETC Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Secured 
Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to each Security 
Deed and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the Security constitutes a 
valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured Property as was originally 
created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
  
(iii) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial condition, 
profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the Trustee should be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (A) all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in 
connection with the assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in 
respect of, and of its obligations under, the ETC Securities and any Transaction Document 
have been obtained and (B) such approvals and consents are at the time of substitution in 
full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that the 
Programme Administrator and any other Transaction Party will execute such other deeds, 
documents and instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order that such substitution 
is fully effective and comply with such other requirements in the interests of the 
Securityholders as the Trustee may direct; 
(vi) 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the 
consent of the holders of the ETC Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to time 
governing such ETC Securities and/or the Issue Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or each 
Security Deed, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of such Securityholders; 
(vii) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Trustee 
may direct in the interests of the Securityholders; and 
(viii) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 14(c) and the Trust Deed shall, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the 
Trust Deed, the ETC Securities and the other relevant Transaction Documents. The Substituted 
Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Securityholders within 14 calendar days of the 
execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 14(c) and the Trust Deed, the Substituted 
Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Transaction 
Documents and the ETC Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Transaction Documents and the ETC 
Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and each Security Deed, in connection with the 
exercise of its functions (including, but not limited to, those referred to in this Condition 14) the 
Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a class and will not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders and the Trustee will not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Securityholders. So long as the ETC Securities are in global form and such Global Security is held 
by or on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of Securityholders, the 
Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its 
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants 
with entitlements to any such Global Security and may consider such interests on the basis that 
such accountholders or participants were the holder(s) thereof.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
  
15 Replacement of ETC Securities 
If an ETC Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified 
office of the Issuing Agent on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed ETC Security is subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such ETC Security) and otherwise 
as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced ETC Securities must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
16 Further Issues 
Subject to Condition 5, the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any 
Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Agency Agreement, create and 
issue further securities that are either:  
(i) 
securities having the same terms and conditions as the ETC Securities in all respects (provided 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, different issue dates and updated references to the number of the 
ETC Securities of the Series and updated references to other variables as they stand at or around 
the issue date of the Tranche shall not result in different terms and Conditions or to the final terms 
for the Tranche being deemed to be on different terms or in a different form) and so that such further 
issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the ETC Securities and the Issuer may 
incur further obligations relating to such ETC Securities; or  
(ii) 
securities that are not consolidated and do not form a single Series with the ETC Securities and that 
are secured on separate assets than the ETC Securities and that are issued upon such terms as 
the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue and in respect of which the Issuer may incur 
further obligations relating to such securities.  
Any new securities forming a single series with the ETC Securities of this Series and which are expressed 
to be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deeds will, upon the issue thereof by the 
Issuer, be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deeds without any further formality 
and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction 
in the Trust Deed or the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities and shall be secured by the 
same Secured Property (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such new 
securities) and references in these Conditions to “ETC Securities”, “Secured Assets”, “Secured 
Balancing Agreement Rights”, “Secured Agent Rights”, “Secured Property”, “Secured Issuer 
Obligations”, “Other Issuer Obligations”, “Secured Creditors” and “Other Creditors” and any other 
relevant term shall be construed accordingly. 
17 Notices 
Notices required to be given in respect of the ETC Securities represented by a Global Security are given 
(i) by their being delivered to the Relevant Clearing System, or (ii) otherwise to the holder of the Global 
Security. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the ETC Securities on the 
Payment Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice was given to the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
For so long as any of the ETC Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, notices are also 
required to be given in accordance with the rules and regulations of each Relevant Stock Exchange or 
other relevant authority.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
  
18 Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
If the Programme Administrator determines that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred, it may 
notify the Issuer of any modifications that it determines are required to be made to the Conditions and/or 
any Transaction Document (except for any Authorised Participant Agreement) (such amendments, the 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments”) in order to cause (as applicable): 
(a) 
the ETC Securities and the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(b) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; or 
(c) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as issuer 
of ETC Securities or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in 
compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
The Programme Administrator shall immediately send a copy of any such notice to all Transaction Parties 
(other than the Authorised Participants).  
If the Issuer receives such a notice from the Programme Administrator, it shall, without the consent of the 
Trustee or the Securityholders, promptly make the Regulatory Requirement Amendments, provided that: 
(A) 
no Scheduled Early Redemption Date has occurred in respect of the ETC Securities; 
(B) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments will not: 
(i) 
amend the date of maturity or redemption of the ETC Securities; 
(ii) 
reduce or cancel any Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, the Minimum 
Debt Principal Amount or the Specified Interest Amount payable on redemption of the ETC 
Securities; 
(iii) 
reduce or cancel the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security or vary the method of, or basis 
for, calculating the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security; 
(iv) 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount; 
(v) 
exchange or substitute any of the Underlying Metal; or 
(vi) 
have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or enforceability of the Security or on 
the priority and ranking of the Security; 
(C) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction 
Documents and the Trustee; and 
(D) 
the Programme Administrator certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that (x) the purpose of the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments is solely as set out in Conditions 18(a) to 18(c) and (y) the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments satisfy the requirements of paragraph B above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Regulatory Requirement Amendments without 
seeking the consent of the Securityholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s 
expense) in effecting the Regulatory Requirement Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of 
a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to 
agree to the Regulatory Requirement Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has

--- Page 168 ---
168 
  
not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
Neither the Programme Administrator nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. The Programme Administrator shall 
not have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer and the Transaction Parties that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. 
Any Regulatory Requirement Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders. 
19 Rights, Obligations and Indemnification of the Trustee 
(a) 
Condition Precedent to Trustee Action 
The Trustee or any receiver is not obliged or required to take any action, step or proceeding that 
would involve any personal liability or expense without first being pre-funded and/or secured and/or 
indemnified to its satisfaction. 
(b) 
Liability in Respect of Security and the Secured Property 
The Trustee will accept without investigation, requisition or objection such right and title as the Issuer 
has to any of the Secured Property and need not examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Secured Property or any part of it, whether such 
defect or failure was known to the Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or 
enquiry and whether capable of remedy or not. The Trustee is not under any obligation to insure 
any property comprising the Secured Property or any certificate, note, bond or other evidence in 
respect thereof, or to require any other person to maintain any such insurance. 
The Trustee will not be responsible for, nor will it have any liability with respect to any loss or theft 
or reduction in value of any property comprising the Secured Property. The Trustee will have no 
responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other 
Creditor as regards any deficiency which might arise because (i) all or part of the property 
comprising the Secured Property is or will be held by the Secured Account Custodian or the 
Subscription Account Custodian or a Sub-Custodian and/or (ii) the Trustee, the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, any Sub-Custodian and/or the Metal Agent, as 
applicable, is subject to any Tax in respect of any of the Secured Property, any income therefrom 
and/or the proceeds thereof. 
The Trustee will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor 
or any Other Creditor for the validity, enforceability, registration, perfection, value or sufficiency 
(which the Trustee will not investigate) of the Security relating to the ETC Securities. The Trustee 
will not be liable to any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor, any Other Creditor or any other person 
for any failure to make or cause to be made on its behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries 
which would normally be made by a prudent chargee, mortgagee or assignee in relation to the 
Security relating to the ETC Securities. 
None of the Trustee, any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, by 
reason of taking possession of any Secured Property or any other reason and whether or not as 
mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts or be liable for 
any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured Property or from any act or omission 
in relation to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by 
its own fraud.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
  
(c) 
Discharge 
The Trustee’s or receiver’s receipt for any moneys paid to it will discharge the person paying them 
and such person will not be responsible for their application. 
(d) 
Apportionment of Trustee Expenses Between Series of ETC Securities 
If at any time the Trustee is Trustee in respect of more than one series of securities issued under 
the Programme by the Issuer, the Trustee will be entitled in its absolute discretion to determine in 
respect of which Series of ETC Securities any liabilities and expenses have been incurred by the 
Trustee and to allocate any such liabilities and expenses between such Series of ETC Securities. 
(e) 
Advice 
The Trustee may act on the opinion or advice of, or information obtained from, any expert and will 
not be responsible to anyone for any loss occasioned by so acting whether such advice is obtained 
by or addressed to the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person. Any such opinion, advice or 
information may be sent or obtained by letter or fax and the Trustee will not be liable to anyone for 
acting in good faith on any opinion, advice or information purporting to be conveyed by such means 
even if it contains some error or is not authentic and whether or not such expert’s liability in respect 
thereof is limited whether by reference to a monetary cap or otherwise. 
(f) 
Trustee to Assume Performance 
The Trustee need not notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other Transaction 
Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, a Potential Event of Default, an Early 
Redemption Event, a Disruption Event, a Suspension Event, a Determination Agent Bankruptcy 
Event, a transfer, novation or assignment of the Balancing Agreement, a substitution of the Price 
Source or a resignation or termination of an Agent’s appointment has occurred or if the Security has 
become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Trustee 
may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer is performing all its obligations 
under the Trust Deed, each Security Deed, the ETC Securities and the other Transaction 
Documents. The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any 
other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being performed unless it 
shall have actual knowledge to the contrary. 
(g) 
Resolutions and Directions of Securityholders 
The Trustee (i) may at any time seek, from the Securityholders, a direction to act in respect of any 
of its powers, duties, obligations, rights and/or discretions under the Transaction Documents and 
(ii) shall not be obliged to take any action or proceedings (or refrain from doing so) unless it has 
received a request or instruction. The Trustee will not be responsible for having acted in good faith 
on a resolution purporting to have been passed at a meeting of Securityholders in respect of which 
minutes have been made and signed or any instruction or direction in writing purporting to have 
been given by or on behalf of Securityholders even if it is later found that there was a defect in the 
constitution of the meeting or the passing of the resolution or the giving of such instruction or 
direction or that such resolution, instruction or direction was not valid or binding on the 
Securityholders. 
(h) 
Certificate Signed by Duly Authorised Signatories 
If the Trustee, in the exercise of its functions, requires to be satisfied or to have information as to 
any fact or the expediency of any act, it may call for and accept as sufficient evidence of that fact or 
the expediency of that act a certificate signed by any duly authorised signatory of the Issuer as to 
that fact or to the effect that, in their opinion, that act is expedient and the Trustee need not call for 
further evidence and will not be responsible for any loss occasioned by acting on such a certificate.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
  
(i) 
Deposit of Documents 
The Trustee may appoint as custodian, on any terms, any bank or entity whose business includes 
the safe custody of documents or any lawyer or firm of lawyers believed by it to be of good repute 
and may deposit the Issue Deed and any other documents with such custodian and pay all sums 
due in respect thereof and the Trustee will not be responsible for any loss incurred in connection 
with any such holding or deposit. The Trustee is not obliged to appoint a custodian of securities 
payable to bearer. 
(j) 
Discretion 
Subject to Section 422 of the Companies Act in the case of the Trust Deed and the Irish Law Security 
Deed, the Trustee has absolute and uncontrolled discretion as to the exercise of its functions and 
will not be responsible for any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand, expense or inconvenience 
that may result from their exercise or non-exercise. 
(k) 
Agents 
Whenever it considers it expedient in the interests of the Securityholders, the Trustee may, in the 
conduct of its trust business, instead of acting personally, employ and pay an agent selected by it, 
whether or not a lawyer or other professional person, to transact or conduct, or concur in transacting 
or conducting, any business and to do or concur in doing all acts required to be done by the Trustee 
(including the receipt and payment of moneys). 
(l) 
Delegation 
Whenever it considers it expedient in the interests of the Securityholders, the Trustee may delegate 
to any person on any terms (including power to sub-delegate) all or any of its functions. 
(m) 
Nominees 
In relation to any asset held by it under the Trust Deed, Security Deeds or any other relevant 
Transaction Document, the Trustee may appoint any person to act as its nominee on any terms. 
(n) 
Confidentiality 
Unless ordered to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Trustee will not be required to 
disclose to any Securityholder, Secured Creditor or Other Creditor any confidential financial or other 
information made available to the Trustee by the Issuer. 
(o) 
Determinations Conclusive 
As between itself and the Securityholders and/or any Secured Creditor and/or any Other Creditor, 
the Trustee may determine all questions and doubts arising in relation to any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed, each Security Deed or any other Transaction Document. Such determinations, 
whether made upon such a question actually raised or implied in the acts or proceedings of the 
Trustee, will be conclusive and will bind the Trustee, the Securityholders, the Secured Creditors 
and/or any Other Creditor. 
(p) 
Currency Conversion 
Where it is necessary or desirable for any purpose for the Trustee to convert any sum from one 
currency to another, it will (unless otherwise provided in the Issue Deed or these Conditions or 
required by law) be converted at such rate or rates, in accordance with such method and as at such 
date as may reasonably be specified by the Trustee but having regard to current rates of exchange, 
if available. Any rate, method and date so specified will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Securityholders, the Secured Creditors and the Other Creditors.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
  
(q) 
Indemnity Under the Trust Deed 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, without prejudice to the right of indemnity by law given to trustees and 
subject to the provisions of Section 422 of the Companies Act, the Trustee and every receiver, 
attorney, manager, agent or other person appointed by the Trustee under the Trust Deed in relation 
to the ETC Securities will be entitled to be indemnified out of the Secured Property in respect of all 
liabilities and expenses properly incurred by them or him in the execution or purported execution of 
the trusts or of any functions vested in them or him pursuant to the Trust Deed and against all 
actions, proceedings, costs, claims and demands in respect of any acts or omissions relating to the 
Secured Property, and the Trustee may retain any part of any moneys in its hands arising from the 
trusts of the Trust Deed to pay all sums necessary to effect such indemnity and also the 
remuneration of the Trustee. The Trustee will have a lien on the Secured Property for all moneys 
payable to it under this Condition 19, the Trust Deed or otherwise. The Trustee is not obliged or 
required to take any step or action under or in connection with the ETC Securities, the Security 
Deeds and/or any other Transaction Document which may involve it in incurring any personal liability 
or expense unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(r) 
Issue Deed 
The Trustee assumes no responsibility for, and will not, by the execution of the Issue Deed, be 
deemed to make any representation as to, the adequacy, sufficiency, validity or enforceability of the 
Issue Deed or any agreement constituted by the execution thereof. 
(s) 
Transaction Parties 
In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed and Security Deeds, the Trustee does not assume any 
duty or responsibility to any Transaction Party (other than to pay to any such party any moneys 
received and payable to it and to act in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 and the Trust 
Deed and Security Deeds) and will have regard solely to the interests of the Securityholders of any 
Series or, as the case may be, all Series. The Trustee is not (subject to Conditions 5 and 13) obliged 
to act on any directions of any Transaction Party if this would, in the Trustee’s opinion, be contrary 
to the interests of the Securityholders. 
(t) 
Consent of Trustee 
Except as otherwise expressly provided to the contrary, any consent or approval given by the 
Trustee may be on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Trustee reasonably thinks fit. 
(u) 
Payment for and Delivery of ETC Securities 
The Trustee will not be responsible for the receipt or use by the Issuer of any property received by 
the Issuer in relation to any issue of the ETC Securities, any exchange of the ETC Securities or the 
delivery of ETC Securities to the persons entitled to them. 
(v) 
Legal Opinion 
The Trustee will not be responsible to any person for failing to request, require or receive any legal 
opinion relating to the ETC Securities or for checking or commenting upon the content of any such 
legal opinion. 
(w) 
Programme Limit 
The Trustee will not be concerned, and need not enquire, as to whether or not the ETC Securities 
are issued or entered into in breach of the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
  
(x) 
Events 
The Trustee may determine whether or not an Event of Default is in its opinion capable of remedy. 
Any such determination will be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
However, the Trustee is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not an Event of Default, a 
Potential Event of Default, an Early Redemption Event, a Disruption Event, a Secured Account 
Custodian Bankruptcy Event, a Subscription Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event, a Fee Account 
Custodian Bankruptcy Event, a Metal Agent Bankruptcy Event, a Balancing Agreement Event of 
Default, a Balancing Agreement Termination Event, a Suspension Event, a Determination Agent 
Bankruptcy Event, a transfer, novation or assignment of the Balancing Agreement, a substitution of 
the Price Source or a resignation or termination of an Agent’s appointment has occurred or is 
continuing or to monitor compliance by the Agents, the Programme Administrator or any other 
Transaction Party with any of their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
(y) 
Responsibility for Appointees 
If the Trustee exercises reasonable care in selecting any custodian, agent, delegate or nominee (an 
“Appointee”), it will not be responsible for any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense 
incurred by reason of the Appointee’s misconduct or default or the misconduct or default of any 
substitute appointed by the Appointee.  
(z) 
Notice in Respect of Appointees 
The Trustee will, within a reasonable time prior to any delegation to an Appointee or any renewal, 
extension or termination thereof, give notice thereof (containing details of such appointment) to the 
Issuer (whereupon the Issuer shall copy such notice to the Programme Administrator).  
(aa) 
No Responsibility for Clearing Systems 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any other Transaction Party will have any responsibility for the 
performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
(bb) 
Certifications 
The Trustee will be entitled to rely upon a certificate of any Transaction Party in respect of every 
matter and circumstance for which a certificate, calculation or determination is expressly provided 
under these Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction Documents and also in relation to any 
matter reasonably believed by the Trustee to be within the knowledge of the party certifying the 
same and the Trustee will not be bound in any such case to call for further evidence or be 
responsible for any loss, liability, costs, damages, expenses or inconvenience that may be 
occasioned by its failing so to do.  
(cc) 
No Obligations to Monitor Transaction Parties Under the Trust Deed and the Security 
Deeds 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed and the Security Deeds, the Trustee will not be obliged to monitor nor 
be liable for any failure to monitor the performance by any Transaction Party of its duties and 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to the Issuer or by any other person of its obligations 
to the Issuer. The Trustee may assume that such are being performed unless it has actual 
knowledge to the contrary. The Trustee will not be obliged to take any action or step against any 
such Transaction Party or other person (unless secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
  
(dd) 
Certifications of Amounts Owed 
The Trustee will be entitled to rely upon a certificate of any party to the Transaction Documents as 
to any amounts owing to any such party and will not be responsible for any loss occasioned by its 
relying and acting on such certificate. 
(ee) 
Authorised Participants 
The Trustee will not be responsible for monitoring or ascertaining whether there is one or more 
Authorised Participants or no Authorised Participant in respect of the ETC Securities or whether no 
Authorised Participant is willing to purchase any ETC Securities and, unless and until it receives 
express notice to the contrary, it will be entitled to assume that there is one or more Authorised 
Participants in respect of the ETC Securities and that one or more Authorised Participants is or are 
willing to purchase the ETC Securities. 
(ff) 
Calculation of Metal Entitlement per ETC Security, Value per ETC Security and 
Redemption Amounts 
In ascertaining any Metal Entitlement per ETC Security, Value per ETC Security, Final Metal 
Redemption Amount, Early Metal Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount or Additional Enforcement Amount, as applicable, the Trustee will be entitled 
to call for and rely upon a determination by the Determination Agent or the Programme Administrator 
(in each case acting as agent of the Issuer or if the Trustee so requests as agent of the Trustee, as 
applicable) as to such amount. 
(gg) 
Signed Documents 
The Trustee will not incur liability to any person in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, 
resolution, endorsement, request, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other 
document or paper believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party 
or parties. 
(hh) 
Trustee Liable for Negligence 
(i) 
If the Trustee fails to show the degree of care and diligence required of it as trustee, nothing 
in the Trust Deed or the Security Deeds, as the case may be, will relieve or indemnify the 
Trustee from or against any liability that would otherwise attach to it in respect of any 
negligence, wilful default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which it may be guilty.  
(ii) 
Under no circumstances shall the Trustee be liable to, or be required to indemnify, the Issuer 
or any third party for (a) indirect, punitive or consequential losses or indirect, punitive or 
consequential damages of any kind whatsoever, (b) loss of business opportunity, or (c) loss 
of profit, in each case to the extent any such losses arise in connection with the Trust Deed 
or Security Deeds, as the case may be, notwithstanding that such losses were or may have 
been foreseeable or that the Trustee was advised or was aware of the possibility of such 
losses and regardless of whether the claim to any such loss or damage under paragraph (a), 
(b) or (c) is made in negligence, breach of duty, breach of trust or otherwise. 
(ii) 
Waiver and Proof of Default 
(i) 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders and without prejudice to its 
rights in respect of any subsequent breach, from time to time and at any time, if in its opinion 
the interests of the Securityholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or 
authorise, on such terms as seem expedient to it, any breach or proposed breach by the 
Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document or determine 
that an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default will not be treated as such provided that 
the Trustee will not do so in contravention of an express direction given by an Extraordinary

--- Page 174 ---
174 
  
Resolution. No such direction or request will affect a previous waiver, authorisation or 
determination. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination will be binding on the 
Securityholders and, if the Trustee so requires, will be notified to the Securityholders as soon 
as practicable. 
(ii) 
Proof that the Issuer has failed to make a payment of Principal or Interest when due under 
the Conditions to the holder of any one ETC Security will (unless the contrary be proved) be 
sufficient evidence that it has made the same default as regards all other ETC Securities that 
are then payable. 
(jj) 
Trustee not Precluded from Entering into Contracts 
The Trustee and any other person, whether or not acting for itself, may acquire, hold, deal in or 
dispose of any ETC Security or other security (or any interest therein) of the Issuer or any other 
person, may enter into or be interested in any contract or transaction with any such person and may 
act on, or as depositary or agent for, any committee or body of holders of any securities of any such 
person in each case with the same rights as it would have had if the Trustee were not acting as 
Trustee and need not account for any profit. 
(kk) 
Accumulation of Moneys 
If the amount of the moneys at any time available to the Trustee for payment in respect of the ETC 
Securities in accordance with Condition 5(b) or 5(c), as applicable, is less than 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities then outstanding (or, following an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, the Early Redemption Amount or 
the Final Redemption Amount, as applicable), the Trustee may, pursuant to the Trust Deed or the 
Security Deeds, as applicable, at its discretion, invest such moneys. The Trustee may retain such 
investments and accumulate the resulting income until the investments and the accumulations, 
together with any other funds for the time being under its control and available for such payment, 
amount to at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities then 
outstanding and then such investments, accumulations and funds (after deduction of, or provision 
for, any applicable Taxes) will be applied as specified in Condition 5(b) or 5(c), as applicable.  
(ll) 
Investment 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Security Deeds, moneys held by the Trustee may 
be (x) invested in its name or under its control in any investments or other assets anywhere whether 
or not they produce income or (y) deposited in its name or under its control at such bank or other 
financial institution in such currency as the Trustee may, in its absolute discretion, think fit. If that 
bank or institution is the Trustee or a subsidiary, holding or associated company of the Trustee, it 
need only account for an amount of interest equal to the standard amount of interest payable by it 
on such a deposit to an independent customer. The Trustee may, at any time, vary or transpose 
any such investments or assets or convert any moneys so deposited into any other currency, and 
will not be responsible for any resulting loss, whether by depreciation in value, change in exchange 
rates or otherwise provided that all such investments or assets invested in, or deposits made, by 
the Trustee will be in investments or assets denominated in the Specified Currency of the ETC 
Securities (and to the extent (if any) that sums received by the Trustee in respect of the ETC 
Securities are in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the ETC Securities, the Trustee 
may, for the purposes of making investments in accordance with the Trust Deed or Security Deeds, 
as applicable, convert such sums into the Specified Currency of the ETC Securities and will not be 
responsible for any resulting loss, whether by depreciation in value, change in exchange rates or 
otherwise). The Transaction Parties and the Securityholders shall be deemed to have 
acknowledged that in respect thereof the Trustee is not providing investment supervision, 
recommendations or advice.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
  
(mm) Creditworthiness of the Transaction Parties 
Pursuant to each Security Deed, the Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor for the creditworthiness (which the 
Trustee shall not investigate) of any Transaction Party, or the validity or enforceability of the 
obligations of any Transaction Party.  
(nn) 
Ability to Borrow on Secured Property 
Pursuant to each Security Deed, the Trustee may raise and borrow money on the security of the 
Secured Property or any part of it in order to defray moneys, costs, charges, losses and expenses 
paid or incurred by it in relation to the relevant Security Deed (including the costs of realising any 
security and the remuneration of the Trustee) or in exercise of any of its functions pursuant to such 
Security Deed. The Trustee may raise and borrow such money on such terms as it shall think fit and 
may secure its repayment with interest by mortgaging or otherwise charging all or part of the 
Secured Property whether or not in priority to the Security constituted by or pursuant to the Security 
Deeds and generally in such manner and form as the Trustee shall think fit and for such purposes 
may take such action as it shall think fit. 
(oo) 
Liability of Trustee, Receiver, Attorneys or Agents 
Pursuant to each Security Deed, neither the Trustee nor any receiver or any attorney or agent of 
the Trustee will, by reason of taking possession of any Secured Property or any other reason and 
whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts 
or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured Property or from 
any act or omission in relation to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or damage 
shall be caused by its own fraud. 
(pp) 
Deficiency Arising from Tax 
Pursuant to each Security Deed, the Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor as regards any deficiency which might 
arise because the Trustee, the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian 
is subject to any Tax in respect of any of the Secured Property, any income therefrom and/or the 
proceeds thereof. 
(qq) 
Indemnity Under the Security Deeds 
Pursuant to each Security Deed, without prejudice to the right of indemnity by law given to trustees 
and subject to the provisions of Section 422 of the Companies Act in the case of the Irish Law 
Security Deed, the Trustee and every receiver, attorney, manager, agent or other person appointed 
by the Trustee under the Security Deeds will be entitled to be indemnified out of the Secured 
Property in respect of all liabilities and expenses properly incurred by them or him in the execution 
or purported execution of the trusts or of any functions vested in them or him pursuant to the Security 
Deeds and against all actions, proceedings, costs, claims and demands in respect of any acts or 
omissions relating to the Secured Property, and the Trustee may retain any part of any moneys in 
its hands arising from the trusts of the Security Deeds to pay all sums necessary to effect such 
indemnity and also the remuneration of the Trustee. The Trustee shall have a lien on such Secured 
Property for all moneys payable to it under this Condition 19(qq), the Security Deeds or otherwise. 
The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any step or action under or in connection with the ETC 
Securities, the Security Deeds and/or any other Transaction Document which may involve it in 
incurring any personal liability or expense unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction. Subject to Condition 5(g), such indemnity will survive the termination or expiry of the 
Trust Deed or Security Deeds, as the case may be, or the resignation or termination of the 
appointment of the Trustee.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
  
(rr) 
Validity of the Security 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Trustee shall not be responsible or liable to the Issuer, 
any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor for the validity, enforceability, 
registration, perfection, value, sufficiency or enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) 
of the Security purported to be created by each Security Deed. The Trustee will not be liable to any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor, any Other Creditor or any other person for any failure to make 
or cause to be made on its behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally 
be made by a prudent chargee, mortgagee or assignee in relation to the Secured Property. 
(ss) 
Obligations of the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, 
the Fee Account Custodian and any Sub-Custodian(s) 
The Trustee will have no responsibility for the performance by the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian of any of its 
respective obligations and will not be responsible for any claim arising from the fact that any property 
comprised in the Secured Property is held in safe custody by the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian(s). The Trustee will have no liability to the 
Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor as regards any deficiency 
which may arise because all or part of the Secured Property is held by the Secured Account 
Custodian, Subscription Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian. 
(tt) 
Forged ETC Securities 
The Trustee will not be liable to the Issuer or any Securityholder, Secured Creditor or Other Creditor 
by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any ETC Security purporting to be 
such and later found to be forged or not authentic. 
20 Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or the Programme Administrator will have any responsibility 
for the performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
21 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, the Irish Law Security Deed and the ETC Securities (including any 
Global Security), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Ireland. 
The English Law Security Deed, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Ireland are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out 
of or in connection with any ETC Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any ETC Securities (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
The parties to the Trust Deed have irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts and 
waives any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that 
the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the benefit of 
each of the Trustee and the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any

--- Page 177 ---
177 
  
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process 
In respect of a Series, each of the Programme Administrator, the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, the Series Counterparty, the Metal 
Agent, any German Paying Agent and any ICSD Paying Agent agrees to appoint, on or around the 
Series Issue Date, a process agent as its agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process 
in any Proceedings in Ireland. The process agent in respect of each such party appointing a process 
agent shall either (i) be the party specified as its process agent for the Series in the Issue Deed for 
the first Tranche for such Series or (ii) if no such process agent is specified in such Issue Deed in 
respect of such party, be notified to the Trustee as soon as reasonably practicable following its 
appointment. Service of process on any such process agent shall be deemed valid service upon the 
party appointing such process agent, whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the appointing 
party. Each party appointing a process agent shall inform the Trustee in writing of any change in its 
process agent’s address within 28 calendar days of such change. If for any reason any such process 
agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in Ireland, each party who has 
appointed such process agent irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in Ireland 
reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and to deliver to the Trustee a copy of the substitute process 
agent’s written acceptance of that appointment, within 14 calendar days. Each party appointing a 
process agent irrevocably consents to any process in any Proceedings anywhere being served by 
mailing a copy by registered post to such process agent. However, nothing in this Condition 21(c) 
shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
  
Annex 1 to the Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS 
 
Interpretation 
1 
In this Annex: 
 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Securityholders of a single series of ETC Securities and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment of such meeting; 
 
references to “ETC Securities” and “Securityholders” are only to the ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series in respect of which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of these ETC 
Securities, respectively; 
 
“agent” means a holder of a voting certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Securityholder; 
 
“block voting instruction” means an instruction issued in accordance with paragraphs 9 to 14; 
 
“voting certificate” means a certificate issued in accordance with paragraphs 6, 7 and 8; and 
 
references to persons representing a proportion of the ETC Securities are to Securityholders or 
agents holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in number of the ETC 
Securities for the time being outstanding. 
 
for the avoidance of doubt, for so long as the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities represented by 
a Global Security deposited with a Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing 
System or a common depositary, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the 
Relevant Clearing System, the holder of the Bearer Securities for the purposes of the preceding 
paragraph shall be such Relevant Clearing System, common depositary, common safekeeper or 
nominee, as applicable, provided that for the purposes of ascertaining who is entitled to attend and 
vote, or to appoint a proxy to attend and vote, at any meeting convened to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution (including a special quorum resolution), a person who is or persons who are shown in 
the records of the Relevant Clearing System as a holder or holders of ETC Securities represented 
by a Global Security shall be treated by the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the bearer of such 
Global Security as though it is or they are the holder or holders of such Global Security and 
references to “Securityholder” or “Securityholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
Powers of Meetings 
2 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons 
by the relevant Trust Deed, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer or the Trustee for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Securityholders against the Issuer, 
whether or not those rights arise under the relevant Trust Deed or the relevant Security Deed; 
 
to sanction the exchange or substitution for the ETC Securities of, or the conversion of the ETC 
Securities into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity; 
 
to assent to any modification of the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deeds, the ETC 
Securities or any Transaction Document proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee; 
 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 179 ---
179 
  
 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
 
to appoint any persons (whether Securityholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Securityholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions which the 
Securityholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
 
to approve a proposed new Trustee and to remove a Trustee; 
 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the relevant Trust Deed and the relevant Security Deeds; and 
 
to discharge or exonerate the Trustee from any liability in respect of any act or omission for which 
it may become responsible under the relevant Trust Deed or the ETC Securities, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 18 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 2.2 or 2.8, any of the proposals listed 
in Condition 14(a) as being subject to a special quorum resolution or any amendment to this proviso. 
Convening a Meeting 
3 
The Issuer or the Trustee may at any time convene a meeting. If it receives a written request by 
Securityholders holding at least 5 per cent. in number of the ETC Securities of any Series for the time 
being outstanding and is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all costs 
and expenses, the Trustee shall convene a meeting of the Securityholders of that Series. Every meeting 
shall be held at a time and place approved in writing by the Trustee. 
4 
At least 21 calendar days’ prior notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day of 
the meeting) shall be given to the Securityholders. A copy of the notice shall be given by the party 
convening the meeting to the other parties. The notice shall specify the day, time and place of the meeting 
and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain 
how Securityholders may appoint proxies or representatives, obtain voting certificates and use block voting 
instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
5 
If ETC Securities of the relevant Series are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the location of any 
meeting of Securityholders will be Frankfurt, Germany. Any meeting of Securityholders will be notified to 
the Securityholders by or on behalf of the Issuer at least 21 calendar days prior to the day on which the 
meeting shall take place. Such notice will state the name and the registered office of the Issuer, the nature 
of the business to be transacted at the meeting, the time and place of the meeting and will set out the 
requirements that a Securityholder will have to fulfil in order to attend and vote at the meeting and the 
conditions that apply to the casting of votes. In addition to publication of the notice of any such meeting in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Trust Deed, the notice of any such meeting must be published 
by the Issuer in the German electronic Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and on the 
website of the Issuer. A non-binding German translation of the English language version of each notice, 
voting certificate and any other documents relating to any such meeting as indicated in the notice 
convening such meeting will be available to Securityholders. 
Arrangements for Voting 
6 
If a holder of a Bearer Security wishes to obtain a voting certificate in respect of it for a meeting, he must 
deposit it for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting with the Issuing Agent or 
to the order of the Issuing Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Issuing Agent for the 
purpose save that for so long as the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a Global Security 
deposited with the Relevant Clearing System, no such deposit shall be required where the Issuing Agent 
is satisfied that no transfer of the Global Security itself will occur over the meeting period and that 
appropriate measures are in place to ensure that anyone issued a voting certificate cannot transfer ETC

--- Page 180 ---
180 
  
Securities within the Relevant Clearing System until the time specified in paragraph 8 of this Annex 1. The 
Issuing Agent shall then issue a voting certificate in respect of that Bearer Security.  
Voting Certificate 
7 
A voting certificate shall: 
 
be a document in the English language; 
 
be dated; 
 
specify the meeting concerned and the numbers of the ETC Securities to which such voting 
certificate relates; and  
 
entitle, and state that it entitles, its bearer to attend and vote at that meeting in respect of those ETC 
Securities. 
8 
Once an Issuing Agent or its agent has issued a voting certificate for a meeting in respect of an ETC 
Security, it shall not release the ETC Security until either: 
 
the meeting has been concluded; or 
 
the voting certificate has been surrendered to the Issuing Agent. 
Block Voting  
9 
If a holder of ETC Securities wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a block voting instruction 
for a meeting, then, at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting, (i) he must deposit the Bearer 
Security for that purpose with the Issuing Agent or to the order of the Issuing Agent with a bank or other 
depositary nominated by the Issuing Agent for the purpose save that for so long as the ETC Securities are 
Bearer Securities represented by a Global Security deposited with the Relevant Clearing System, no such 
deposit shall be required where the Issuing Agent is satisfied that no transfer of the Global Security itself 
will occur over the meeting period and that appropriate measures are in place to ensure that anyone issued 
a voting certificate cannot transfer ETC Securities within the Relevant Clearing System until the time 
specified in paragraph 8 of this Annex 1 and (ii) he or a duly authorised person on his behalf must direct 
the Issuing Agent how those votes are to be cast. The Issuing Agent shall issue a block voting instruction 
in respect of the votes attributable to all ETC Securities so deposited. 
10 
A block voting instruction shall: 
 be a document in the English language; 
 be dated; 
 specify the meeting concerned; 
 list the total number of the ETC Securities deposited, distinguishing with regard to each resolution 
between those voting for and those voting against it; 
 certify that such list is in accordance with ETC Securities deposited and directions received as 
provided in paragraphs 9 and 12; and  
 appoint one or more named persons (each, a “proxy”) to vote at that meeting in respect of those 
ETC Securities and in accordance with that list. A proxy need not be a Securityholder. 
11 
Once the Issuing Agent or its agent has issued a block voting instruction for a meeting in respect of the 
votes attributable to any ETC Securities:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
  
 it shall not release the ETC Securities, except as provided in paragraph 12, until the meeting has 
been concluded; and  
 the directions to which it gives effect may not be revoked or altered during the 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the meeting. 
12 
A block voting instruction may be amended until 24 hours before the time fixed for the meeting.  
13 
Each block voting instruction shall be deposited at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the meeting at 
such place as the Trustee shall designate or approve, and in default it shall not be valid unless the chairman 
of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting proceeds to business. If the Trustee requires, a 
notarially certified copy of each block voting instruction shall be produced by the proxy at the meeting but 
the Trustee need not investigate or be concerned with the validity of the proxy’s appointment. 
14 
A vote cast in accordance with a block voting instruction shall be valid even if it or any of the 
Securityholders’ instructions pursuant to which it was executed has previously been revoked or amended, 
unless written intimation of such revocation or amendment is received from the Issuing Agent or its agent 
by the Issuer or the Trustee at its registered office or by the chairman of the meeting in each case at least 
24 hours before the time fixed for the meeting. 
Chairman 
15 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Trustee may nominate in writing, but, if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting, the Securityholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Securityholder or agent. The 
chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
16 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
 Securityholders and agents; 
 the chairman; 
 the Issuer and the Trustee (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial 
and legal advisers; 
 the Programme Administrator relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and its legal and 
financial advisers[.][; and] 
 [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Series Counterparty relating to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities and its respective legal and financial advisers.]  
No one else may attend or speak save for where permitted by the chairman. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
17 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Securityholders or if the Issuer and the Trustee 
agree, be dissolved. In any other case, it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 
42 calendar days later, and time and place as the chairman may decide (the “adjourned meeting”). If a 
quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall 
be dissolved.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
  
18 
 
 At a meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution at 
such meeting (other than an adjourned meeting or a meeting convened for the purpose of passing 
a special quorum meeting). 
 At a meeting convened for the purpose of passing a special quorum resolution, the quorum shall be 
one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant Series 
outstanding. 
 At an adjourned meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities 
of the relevant Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution at such adjourned meeting (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any special quorum 
resolution). 
19 
The chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting, adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph 19 or paragraph 17. 
20 
At least 14 calendar days’ prior notice (exclusive of the day on which notice is given) of a meeting adjourned 
through want of a quorum shall be given in the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice 
shall state the quorum required at the adjourned meeting. No notice need, however, otherwise be given of 
an adjourned meeting. 
Voting 
21 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
one or more persons representing not less than 2 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of 
the relevant Series outstanding. 
22 
A resolution (other than a special quorum resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution) shall only be passed 
at a meeting if one or more Securityholders or agents holding or representing in aggregate not less than 
50 per cent. of the votes cast at the meeting vote in favour of passing such resolution. 
23 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it. 
24 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
25 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
26 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who produces a voting certificate or is a 
proxy or representative has one vote. On a poll, every such person has one vote in respect of each ETC 
Security of such Series of ETC Securities represented by the voting certificate so produced or for which 
he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more 
than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the same way.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
  
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
27 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not present at the 
meeting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing of an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer shall 
give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution to Securityholders within 14 calendar days but 
failure to do so shall not invalidate such an Extraordinary Resolution. 
28 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of ETC Securities outstanding who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting 
held in accordance with these provisions shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with these 
provisions. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. 
29 
If ETC Securities are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or the laws and regulations applicable to 
the ETC Securities require, a copy of each resolution passed shall be published by the Issuer in the 
German electronic Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and on the website maintained for 
the Issuer. 
Minutes 
30 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
31 
If ETC Securities are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or the laws and regulations applicable to 
the ETC Securities require, a copy of the minutes shall be notarised by a notary. 
Trustee’s Power to Prescribe Regulations 
32 
Subject to all other provisions in the relevant Trust Deed and any laws and regulations applicable to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, prescribe 
such further regulations regarding the holding of meetings and attendance and voting at them as it in its 
sole discretion determines including (without limitation) such requirements as the Trustee thinks 
reasonable to satisfy itself that the persons who purport to make any requisition in accordance with the 
relevant Trust Deed are entitled to do so and as to the form of voting certificates or block voting instructions 
so as to satisfy itself that persons who purport to attend or vote at a meeting are entitled to do so. 
33 
The foregoing provisions of this Annex shall have effect subject to the following provisions: 
 Meetings of Securityholders of separate Series will normally be held separately. However, the 
Trustee may, from time to time, determine that meetings of Securityholders of separate Series shall 
be held together. 
 A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects one Series alone shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the Securityholders of the Series concerned. 
 A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall only be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series, provided that, for the purposes of determining the votes a

--- Page 184 ---
184 
  
Securityholder is entitled to cast pursuant to paragraph 26, each Securityholder shall have one vote 
in respect of each ETC Security held that is outstanding. 
 A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if it shall be duly passed at separate 
meetings of the Securityholders of the relevant Series. 
 To all such meetings as aforesaid, all the preceding provisions of this Annex shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to ETC Securities and to Securityholders were references to the 
ETC Securities and Securityholders of the Series concerned.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
  
FURTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING CERTAIN TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of certain Transaction Documents relating to the 
Programme and the ETC Securities and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Base 
Prospectus. The summaries below are of certain provisions of the Transaction Documents and do not 
purport to be complete and are subject to the detailed provisions of the relevant Transaction Documents. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in Conditions. 
Issue Deed 
The Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee and 
the other parties named therein at the time of the first Tranche of ETC Securities for that Series and will 
apply, without further action and without the need for re-execution or execution of a new Issue Deed, to 
any further Tranches of that Series. The Issue Deed is entered into for the purpose of constituting and 
securing the relevant Series of ETC Securities and sets out the terms of the Transaction Documents 
relating to such Series of ETC Securities. Under the terms of the Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETC 
Securities, the execution of the Issue Deed will constitute the Trust Deed, each Security Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for the Subscription 
Account, the Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account, the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Metal Agent Agreement and the Balancing Agreement for such Series of ETC Securities 
on the terms set out in the Issue Deed.  
Trust Deed 
Provisions Relating to the Issuer and the Trustee 
The Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and each other party thereto upon the execution of the Issue Deed. The Issue Deed will incorporate 
and may amend and/or supplement the Master Trust Terms. The relevant Trust Deed contains the 
provisions setting out the various obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee with respect to the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities. Each Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland.  
The relevant Trust Deed will constitute the ETC Securities of the relevant Series and will set out the 
covenants of the Issuer, including, inter alia, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its duty to provide 
various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do such things as are 
contemplated within the relevant Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue of the ETC 
Securities) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the ETC Securities. 
Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in 
respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains provisions which 
are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent 
of its duties. The Trustee in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may retire upon giving not less than 90 
calendar days’ prior written notice to the Issuer, and the Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution 
remove any Trustee, provided that the retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not be effective 
until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Trustee. If the sole trust corporation in respect of a 
Series of ETC Securities gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed for its removal, 
the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation is appointed as the 
Trustee for such Series but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 90 calendar day notice period, the 
Trustee will have the power to appoint a new Trustee.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
  
Security Deeds 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer and the Trustee will be deemed to have entered into (i) 
a security deed governed by the laws of Ireland and (ii) a security deed governed by English law, each in 
relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and with the former on the terms set out in the Master Irish 
Law Security Terms and the latter on the terms set out in the Master English Law Security Terms, each as 
amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed. The Security in respect of a Series of ETC Securities is 
constituted pursuant to the Security Deeds relating to such Series and each Security Deed will set out, 
inter alia, provisions relating to the creation and enforcement of the Security, the appointment of receivers, 
the rights of the Trustee in relation to Secured Property and provisions relating to the application of the net 
proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement). See Condition 5 for a description of the terms of the Security. 
Agency Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an agency agreement 
governed by the laws of Ireland in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the Master Agency 
Terms as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed with each person executing the Issue Deed in 
the capacity of Programme Administrator, Issuing Agent, German Paying Agent, ICSD Paying Agent, 
Determination Agent and Trustee. The Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Issuing 
Agent and the German Paying Agent in relation to (i) the issue, payment, replacement, cancellation and 
listing of the ETC Securities and (ii) the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of such agents in 
respect of their respective duties. The Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, 
resignation (by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and the Trustee) and termination of the 
appointment of any Agent (by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence 
of certain events, such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged 
bankrupt or insolvent, files for a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement with or composition for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all its assets or admits in 
writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or a resolution is 
passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of 
either the entity or all or substantially all its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition 
filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or 
control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation).  
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts  
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Administrator, the 
Determination Agent, the Secured Account Custodian and the Metal Agent will be deemed to have entered 
into a custody agreement for secured accounts governed by the laws of Ireland in relation to the ETC 
Securities on the terms set out in the Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts as amended or 
supplemented by such Issue Deed. Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts sets out the duties of 
the Secured Account Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities, including, inter alia: 
(i) 
the obligation to establish and maintain (a) a segregated account in the name of the Issuer 
referencing the relevant Series of ETC Securities for the deposit of Metal in allocated form to be 
held for the Issuer and (b) a segregated account in the name of the Issuer referencing the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities for the deposit of Metal in unallocated form to be held for the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in the case of metal in allocated form, to segregate the Metal transferred to it or keep any Metal 
deposited pursuant to the relevant Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts separately identified 
from that deposited with it in relation to any other Series of ETC Securities.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
  
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides, inter alia, 
that the Secured Account Custodian will use all reasonable care in the performance of its duties but it will 
not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result of the Secured Account 
Custodian performing its duties under the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts unless such loss or 
damage results from the fraud, bad faith, negligence or wilful default of the Secured Account Custodian. 
None of the Secured Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian will have any obligation towards or 
relationship of agency or trust with the holder of any ETC Security. 
Pursuant to the terms of each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Secured Account Custodian 
waives any right it has or may acquire to combine, consolidate or merge any of the accounts established 
and maintained by it in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities with any other account and agrees 
that it may not set-off, transfer, combine, consolidate or withhold delivery of any property standing to the 
credit of any such account towards any liabilities to it of the Issuer. 
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides that the 
Secured Account Custodian may hold Metal in allocated form received, delivered or deposited with it in 
relation to a Series of ETC Securities with any of its offices or branches or with any Sub-Custodian 
(selected with reasonable skill, care and diligence) provided that the Secured Account Custodian, inter 
alia: 
(i) 
identifies such property in its books; and 
(ii) 
uses reasonable endeavours to procure that any such Sub-Custodian establishes and maintains 
one or more segregated account(s) or sub-account(s) in the name of the Secured Account 
Custodian referencing the Issuer and the relevant Series of ETC Securities; acknowledges and 
agrees that all property deposited with or received by it is to be held for the Secured Account 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer; maintains full and complete records and separately identifies 
such property in its books and records and acknowledges the security in favour of the Trustee. 
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides that the 
Secured Account Custodian will hold Metal in unallocated form deposited with it in relation to a Series of 
ETC Securities in an account established at its London branch. 
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities will set out the basis 
for the remuneration and indemnification of the Secured Account Custodian in respect of its duties. The 
relevant Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts will set out the conditions for appointment, resignation 
(upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Programme 
Administrator) and termination of the appointment of the Secured Account Custodian (by the Issuer upon 
60 calendar days’ prior notice or automatically upon the occurrence of a Secured Account Custodian 
Bankruptcy Event). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Secured Account Custodian 
has no duty or obligation to insure any property held or received by it for the Issuer against any risk 
(including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery). The Secured Account Custodian will 
not be liable for any loss, destruction or depreciation in the value of any Secured Property held or received 
by it unless such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Secured Account Custodian’s 
negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. The Secured Account Custodian is not responsible for 
the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third party including, but not limited to, any Sub-
Custodian, broker or counterparty. The Secured Account Custodian is only responsible for losses suffered 
by the Issuer as a direct result of its negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the appointment and 
monitoring of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian. Otherwise, the Secured Account Custodian will not be 
liable for any act or omission, or for the solvency, of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Secured Account Custodian accepts the same level of responsibility as it does for itself for 
companies controlled by it whose business consists solely of acting as a nominee holder of investments 
or other property. In the case of any act or omission on the part of a Sub-Custodian or its agent relating to

--- Page 188 ---
188 
  
Secured Property in the form of Metal, which the Issuer considers to involve negligence, fraud, bad faith 
or wilful default on the part of such Sub-Custodian or agent, the Secured Account Custodian agrees to 
assign to the Issuer any rights it may have in respect of such act or omission and any Metal comprising 
the Secured Property. In the event that the Issuer obtains legal advice that such assignment would be 
ineffective to enable the Issuer to pursue its claim, then the Secured Account Custodian may, subject to 
being prefunded, indemnified or secured to its satisfaction, claim and pursue the appropriate damages or 
compensation from the Sub-Custodian or agent on the Issuer’s behalf. 
The Secured Account Custodian will not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance 
on any instruction, notice, agreement or other document or information from any electronic or other source 
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by 
the proper parties in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the 
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts. The Secured Account Custodian is entitled to rely, in the 
absence of manifest error, upon the accuracy and completeness of information supplied to it by any party 
pursuant to the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and has no obligation to enquire as to the 
adequacy, accuracy or sufficiency of any such information and the Secured Account Custodian will not 
incur any liability to any person as a result of such reliance. The Secured Account Custodian has no 
obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other Transaction Document or do 
anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default or an Early Redemption Event 
has occurred or if the Security relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities has become enforceable. 
Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Secured Account Custodian may 
assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction Parties are 
performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Secured Account Custodian is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any 
other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and 
until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Secured Account Custodian will not be responsible for 
any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Determination Agent, the Programme Administrator, the 
Series Counterparty or any Metal Agent or any other Transaction Party or any agent thereof in giving 
instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default or other failure of any of them. 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Administrator, the 
Determination Agent and the Subscription Account Custodian will be deemed to have entered into a 
custody agreement in relation to the ETC Securities governed by the laws of Ireland on the terms set out 
in the Master Custody Terms for the Subscription Account as amended or supplemented by such Issue 
Deed. Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account sets out the duties of the Subscription 
Account Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities, including the obligation to establish 
and maintain a segregated account in the name of the Issuer referencing the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities for the deposit of Metal in an amount equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount in unallocated 
form to be held for the Issuer. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides, 
inter alia, that the Subscription Account Custodian will use all reasonable care in the performance of its 
duties but it will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result of the 
Subscription Account Custodian performing its duties under the Custody Agreement for the Subscription 
Account unless such loss or damage results from the fraud, bad faith, negligence or wilful default of the 
Subscription Account Custodian. The Subscription Account Custodian will not have any obligation towards 
or relationship of agency or trust with the holder of any ETC Security. 
Pursuant to the terms of each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Subscription Account 
Custodian waives any right it has or may acquire to combine, consolidate or merge the Subscription 
Account established and maintained by it in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities with any other

--- Page 189 ---
189 
  
account of the Issuer and agrees that it may not set-off, transfer, combine, consolidate or withhold delivery 
of any property standing to the credit of any such account towards any liabilities to it of the Issuer. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides that 
the Subscription Account Custodian will hold Metal in an amount equal to the Subscription Settlement 
Amount in unallocated form deposited with it in relation to a Series of ETC Securities in an account 
established at its London branch. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities will set out 
the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Subscription Account Custodian in respect of its 
duties. The relevant Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account will set out the conditions for 
appointment, resignation (upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing Agent 
and each Authorised Participant) and termination of the appointment of the Subscription Account 
Custodian (by the Issuer upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice or automatically upon the occurrence of a 
Subscription Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Subscription Account 
Custodian has no duty or obligation to insure any property held or received by it for the Issuer against any 
risk (including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery). The Subscription Account 
Custodian will not be liable for any loss, destruction or depreciation in the value of any Metal held or 
received by it unless such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Subscription Account 
Custodian’s negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. The Subscription Account Custodian is not 
responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third party including, but not limited to, 
any broker or counterparty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Subscription Account Custodian accepts 
the same level of responsibility as it does for itself for companies controlled by it whose business consists 
solely of acting as a nominee holder of investments or other property. 
The Subscription Account Custodian will not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in 
reliance on any instruction, notice, agreement or other document or information from any electronic or 
other source reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or otherwise given or 
disseminated by the proper parties in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its 
duties under the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account. The Subscription Account Custodian is 
entitled to rely, in the absence of manifest error, upon the accuracy and completeness of information 
supplied to it by any party pursuant to the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account and has no 
obligation to enquire as to the adequacy, accuracy or sufficiency of any such information and the 
Subscription Account Custodian will not incur any liability to any person as a result of such reliance. The 
Subscription Account Custodian has no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or 
any other Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of 
Default or an Early Redemption Event has occurred or if the Security relating to the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities has become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the 
Subscription Account Custodian may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all 
other Transaction Parties are performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the 
other Transaction Documents. The Subscription Account Custodian is not responsible for monitoring or 
supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these 
are being so performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Subscription Account 
Custodian will not be responsible for any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing Agent, the 
Determination Agent, the Programme Administrator, the Series Counterparty or any Authorised Participant 
or any other Transaction Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, 
fraud, bad faith, wilful default or other failure of any of them.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
  
Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Administrator, the 
Determination Agent and the Fee Account Custodian will be deemed to have entered into a custody 
agreement in relation to the ETC Securities governed by the laws of Ireland on the terms set out in the 
Master Custody Terms for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account as amended or supplemented by such 
Issue Deed. Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account sets out the duties of 
the Fee Account Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities, including the obligation to 
establish and maintain a segregated account in the name of the Issuer referencing the relevant Series of 
ETC Securities for the deposit of Metal in an amount equal to the Costs Amount in unallocated form. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities 
provides, inter alia, that the Fee Account Custodian will use all reasonable care in the performance of its 
duties but it will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result of the Fee 
Account Custodian performing its duties under the Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee 
Account unless such loss or damage results from the fraud, bad faith, negligence or wilful default of the 
Fee Account Custodian. The Fee Account Custodian will not have any obligation towards or relationship 
of agency or trust with the holder of any ETC Security. 
Pursuant to the terms of each Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account, the Fee 
Account Custodian waives any right it has or may acquire to combine, consolidate or merge the 
Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account established and maintained by it in relation to the relevant Series of 
ETC Securities with any other account of the Issuer and agrees that it may not set-off, transfer, combine, 
consolidate or withhold delivery of any property standing to the credit of any such account towards any 
liabilities to it of the Issuer. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities 
provides that the Fee Account Custodian will hold Metal in an amount equal to the Costs Amount in 
unallocated form deposited with it in relation to a Series of ETC Securities in an account established at its 
London branch. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities 
will set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Fee Account Custodian in respect of 
its duties. The relevant Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account will set out the 
conditions for appointment, resignation (upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Issuing Agent and each Authorised Participant) and termination of the appointment of the Fee Account 
Custodian (by the Issuer upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice or automatically upon the occurrence of a 
Fee Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account, the Fee 
Account Custodian has no duty or obligation to insure any property held or received by it for the Issuer 
against any risk (including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery). The Fee Account 
Custodian will not be liable for any loss, destruction or depreciation in the value of any Metal held or 
received by it unless such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Fee Account 
Custodian’s negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. The Fee Account Custodian is not 
responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third party including, but not limited to, 
any broker or counterparty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fee Account Custodian accepts the same 
level of responsibility as it does for itself for companies controlled by it whose business consists solely of 
acting as a nominee holder of investments or other property. 
The Fee Account Custodian will not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance on 
any instruction, notice, agreement or other document or information from any electronic or other source 
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by 
the proper parties in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the

--- Page 191 ---
191 
  
Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account. The Fee Account Custodian is entitled to 
rely, in the absence of manifest error, upon the accuracy and completeness of information supplied to it by 
any party pursuant to the Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account and has no 
obligation to enquire as to the adequacy, accuracy or sufficiency of any such information and the Fee 
Account Custodian will not incur any liability to any person as a result of such reliance. The Fee Account 
Custodian has no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other Transaction 
Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default or an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred or if the Security relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities has 
become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Fee Account 
Custodian may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction 
Parties are performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the other Transaction 
Documents. The Fee Account Custodian is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance 
by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless 
and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Fee Account Custodian will not be responsible for 
any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing Agent, the Determination Agent, the Programme 
Administrator, the Series Counterparty or any Authorised Participant or any other Transaction Party or any 
agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default or other 
failure of any of them. 
Determination Agent Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into a determination 
agent agreement governed by the laws of Ireland in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities on 
the terms set out in the Master Determination Agent Terms, as amended or supplemented by such Issue 
Deed with the persons executing the Issue Deed in the capacity of Determination Agent, Programme 
Administrator and Trustee. The Determination Agent Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the 
Determination Agent in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the basis for their respective 
liability, remuneration and indemnification. Each Determination Agent Agreement sets out the conditions 
for appointment, resignation and termination of the Determination Agent.  
The Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Determination Agent relating to a Series of 
ETC Securities on giving the Determination Agent not less than 60 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of a Determination 
Agent with immediate effect if: (i) the Determination Agent commits any material breach of its obligations 
under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable of being 
remedied, the Determination Agent fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of its becoming aware 
of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Trustee or the Programme Administrator of such breach or 
(ii) the Determination Agent commits any breach of its obligations under the relevant Determination Agent 
Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied, the Determination Agent fails to 
cure such breach within 30 calendar days of its becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, 
the Trustee or the Programme Administrator of such breach. 
The Determination Agent in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may resign its appointment at any time 
without giving any reason by giving the Issuer at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect. 
No resignation of the appointment of a Determination Agent will take effect until a replacement 
Determination Agent (which will be a reputable entity that provides administration and/or collateral 
management services of a similar type to those required of the Determination Agent under the relevant 
Determination Agent Agreement or a leading bank, asset manager, financial institution or investment 
banking firm) has been appointed; provided that if the Issuer fails within a period of 45 calendar days of 
notice of resignation given pursuant to the preceding paragraph to appoint a successor to such 
Determination Agent, the resigning Determination Agent will be entitled to nominate such an entity that

--- Page 192 ---
192 
  
would be willing to take on such role. The Determination Agent's resignation will become effective on the 
day a successor is appointed.  
Subject to any applicable law that may prevent such automatic termination, the appointment of a 
Determination Agent will terminate forthwith if a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect 
to such Determination Agent.  
The Determination Agent will have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the 
relevant Determination Agent Agreement and the Conditions relating to the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the relevant 
Determination Agent Agreement against or on the part of the Determination Agent. The Programme 
Administrator will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the 
Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document unless 
otherwise agreed pursuant to the Determination Agent Agreement and the Conditions relating to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities. 
The Determination Agent will not incur any liability to any person in acting upon any ETC Security, 
signature, or other document or information from any electronic or other source reasonably believed by it 
to be genuine and believed by it to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by the proper 
party or parties, in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the 
relevant Determination Agent Agreement. 
The Determination Agent has no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other 
Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default or 
an Early Redemption Event (or any event which with the passing of time or the giving of a notice would 
constitute an Early Redemption Event) has occurred or if the Security under the Security Deeds has 
become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Determination 
Agent may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction Parties 
are performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the other Transaction 
Documents. The Determination Agent is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by 
any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and 
until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Determination Agent will not be liable to the Issuer or any 
Transaction Party for any loss which may be sustained in the purchase, holding or sale of any metal 
investment or other asset by the Issuer or any Transaction Party. 
The Determination Agent is not bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any 
resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement order, 
approval or other paper or document received by it from the Issuer or any other Transaction Party. 
The Determination Agent will have no responsibility or liability for any Loss resulting from its being unable 
to perform any functions or obligations under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement if the same 
results from any law, regulation or requirement (whether or not having the force of law) of any central bank 
or governmental or other regulatory authority affecting it. Nothing in the relevant Determination Agent 
Agreement or in any other Transaction Document will require the Determination Agent to take any action 
or refrain from taking any action if the same would be contrary to any applicable law, regulation or 
requirement of any central bank or government or other regulatory authority affecting it.  
Programme Administrator Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into each Programme Administrator Agreement governed by the laws of Ireland in 
relation to the ETC Securities, as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. The 
Programme Administrator Agreement sets out the respective duties and obligations of the Programme 
Administrator in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the basis for their respective liability,

--- Page 193 ---
193 
  
remuneration and indemnification. Each Programme Administrator Agreement sets out the conditions for 
appointment, resignation and termination of the Programme Administrator. 
The Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Programme Administrator relating to a Series 
of ETC Securities on giving the Programme Administrator not less than 60 calendar days’ prior notice to 
that effect. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of a Programme 
Administrator with immediate effect if: (i) the Programme Administrator commits any material breach of its 
obligations under the relevant Programme Administrator Agreement and, to the extent such breach is 
capable of being remedied, the Programme Administrator fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days 
of its becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer or the Trustee of such breach or (ii) the 
Programme Administrator commits any breach of its obligations under the relevant Programme 
Administrator Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied, the Programme 
Administrator fails to cure such breach within 30 calendar days of its becoming aware of, or its receiving 
notice from the Issuer or the Trustee of such breach. 
The Programme Administrator in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may resign its appointment at any 
time without giving any reason by giving the Issuer at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect. 
No resignation of the appointment of a Programme Administrator will take effect until a replacement 
Programme Administrator (which will be a leading bank, asset manager, financial institution or investment 
banking firm) has been appointed; provided that if the Issuer fails within a period of 30 calendar days of 
notice of resignation given pursuant to the preceding paragraph to appoint a successor to such Programme 
Administrator, the resigning Programme Administrator will be entitled to nominate such an entity that would 
be willing to take on such a role. The Programme Administrator's resignation will become effective on the 
day a successor is appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee’s consent will not be required in 
connection with the appointment of any successor Programme Administrator and the Trustee will not be 
responsible for assessing the eligibility or suitability of the Programme Administrator or any successor. 
The Programme Administrator will have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the 
relevant Programme Administrator Agreement, the Conditions and any Transaction Document to which it 
is a party and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the relevant 
Programme Administrator Agreement against or on the part of the Programme Administrator. The 
Programme Administrator will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or 
duties of the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document. 
The Programme Administrator will not incur any liability to any person in acting upon any ETC Security, 
signature, or other document or information from any electronic or other source reasonably believed by it 
to be genuine and believed by it to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by the proper 
party or parties, in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the 
relevant Programme Administrator Agreement. 
The Programme Administrator has no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any 
other Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default 
or an Early Redemption Event (or any event which with the passing of time or the giving of a notice would 
constitute an Early Redemption Event) has occurred or if the Security under the Security Deeds has 
become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Programme 
Administrator may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction 
Parties are performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the other Transaction 
Documents. The Programme Administrator is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the 
performance by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so 
performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Programme Administrator will not 
be responsible for any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Metal Agent or any other Transaction

--- Page 194 ---
194 
  
Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default 
or other failure of any of them. 
The Programme Administrator is not bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in 
any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement 
order, approval or other paper or document received by it from the Issuer or any other Transaction Party. 
The Programme Administrator will have no responsibility or liability for any Loss resulting from its being 
unable to perform any functions or obligations under the relevant Programme Administrator Agreement if 
the same results from any law, regulation or requirement (whether or not having the force of law) of any 
central bank or governmental or other regulatory authority affecting it. Nothing in the relevant Programme 
Administrator Agreement or in any other Transaction Document will require the Programme Administrator 
to take any action or refrain from taking any action if the same would be contrary to any applicable law, 
regulation or requirement of any central bank or government or other regulatory authority affecting it.  
Authorised Participant Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into authorised participant agreements governed either by the laws of Ireland or 
English law in relation to the ETC Securities, as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time 
to time. Each Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the provisions relating to the subscription by each 
Authorised Participant of ETC Securities of the relevant Series and purchase of ETC Securities of such 
Series by the Issuer. Each Authorised Participant Agreement also sets out the terms on which an 
Authorised Participant may offer, sell or deliver ETC Securities and contains certain representations, 
warranties and undertakings of the Authorised Participant in relation thereto. 
Pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement, in respect of an issue of a Series of ETC Securities, 
the Authorised Participant agrees to subscribe and pay for the number of ETC Securities of such Series of 
ETC Securities as either (i) specified in the relevant Issue Deed or (ii) as separately agreed between the 
Issuer and the Seed Authorised Participant, by delivering an amount of unallocated Metal in respect of 
each such ETC Security equal to (A) the Subscription Settlement Amount in the Subscription Account held 
by the Subscription Account Custodian on behalf of the Issuer and (B) the Costs Amount in the 
Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account held by the Fee Account Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, in each 
case by the Business Day immediately prior to the Series Issue Date of the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities. The Issuer will not issue ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant until it has received such 
unallocated Metal. 
In connection with a Subscription Order relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the Authorised Participant 
agrees to cause an amount of unallocated Metal equal to (A) the Subscription Settlement Amount (in 
respect of such Subscription Order to be delivered to the Subscription Account Custodian on behalf of the 
Issuer and (B) the Costs Amount in the Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account held by the Fee Account 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, in each case on or prior to such time as the parties may agree. The 
Issuer will not issue ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant until it has received such unallocated 
Metal. 
In connection with a Buy-Back Order relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the Authorised Participant 
agrees to deliver to (or to the order of) the Issuer the relevant ETC Securities subject to such Buy-Back 
Order by such time as the parties may agree. Issuer will not buy-back ETC Securities from the Authorised 
Participant until it has received such ETC Securities. 
Only an Authorised Participant may submit a Subscription Order or a Buy-Back Order, and in case, the 
Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order or a Buy-Back Order, as applicable, if it is given by an 
Authorised Participant and all conditions precedent to an issue or buy-back (as applicable) of the ETC 
Securities are satisfied.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
  
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement the Issuer will not be obliged to 
accept any Buy-Back Order and/or buy back ETC Securities if (i) an Early Redemption Event has occurred 
and/or (ii) a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event has occurred that results in the appointment of the 
Determination Agent being terminated (until such time as a replacement Determination Agent is appointed 
in accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement or the Programme Administrator is making the 
requisite determinations and calculations in place of the Determination Agent and the relevant 
Determination Agent Agreement) and/or (iii) Agent Redemption Event Notice, VAT Redemption Event 
Notice, Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, or Termination Event Redemption Notice has been 
delivered. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, Issuer Redemption Notice or a Balancing Agreement 
Optional Termination Notice is delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Buy-
Back Order will be the fourth Business Day preceding the related Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date (as applicable). 
Any Buy-Back Order in respect of which the Buy-Back Settlement Date occurs after an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date will automatically be cancelled with effect from the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable (for the avoidance 
of doubt, notwithstanding the acceptance of such Buy-Back Order prior to such date) and any ETC 
Securities which have been surrendered for cancellation in respect of any such Buy-Back Order will be 
returned to the relevant Authorised Participant. 
The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment and resignation (by at least 
60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer). The Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the 
relevant Authorised Participant with immediate effect, if (i) the relevant Authorised Participant commits any 
material breach of its obligations which to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied is not 
remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant Authorised Participant becoming aware of, or its receiving 
notice from the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Programme Administrator, the Issuing Agent or the 
Trustee of such breach, (ii) if the Issuer determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that the conduct of such Authorised Participant is detrimental to the reputation or development 
potential of the business of the Issuer or any other Transaction Party or the relationships of those entities 
with third parties), (iii) the Authorised Participant is in breach of the Authorised Participant Regulatory 
Requirements in relation to any Series or (iv) the Authorised Participant is subject to an Authorised 
Participant Bankruptcy Event (provided, in the case of a termination as a result of an Authorised Participant 
Bankruptcy Event, that it is permissible under any applicable law for the Issuer to terminate as a result of 
such event).   
Metal Agent Agreement  
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into a metal agent 
agreement governed by the laws of Ireland in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the 
Master Metal Agent Terms, as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed with each person executing 
the Issue Deed in the capacity of Metal Agent, Programme Administrator and Trustee. The Metal Agent 
Agreement sets out the provisions relating to the sale of the Underlying Metal in respect of the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities by the Metal Agent during a Redemption Disposal Period or in relation to the 
Product Fee. The Metal Agent Agreement also contains certain undertakings of the Metal Agent in relation 
thereto. The Metal Agent Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation (by at least 60 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer) and termination (by the Issuer with immediate effect if a Metal 
Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs and in any other circumstance by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice) 
of the Metal Agent.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
  
Balancing Agreement 
General 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into a separate balancing 
agreement governed by the laws of Ireland relating to the Series of ETC Securities specified in such Issue 
Deed, with the person executing such Issue Deed in the capacity of Series Counterparty.  
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Balancing Agreement. Such summaries are 
qualified in their entirety by the terms of the Balancing Agreement. 
Deliveries 
The Balancing Agreement sets out certain deliveries from the Issuer to the Series Counterparty and vice 
versa. 
The obligations of the Issuer and the Series Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement relating to a 
Series of ETC Securities have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the ETC Securities. 
Issuer Deliveries 
Under the Balancing Agreement, the Issuer will be obligated to make a delivery of unallocated Metal under 
the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities if the Metal Entitlement FX Differential 
(defined below) is negative in respect of a Valuation Day. 
Series Counterparty Deliveries 
Under the Balancing Agreement, the Series Counterparty will be obligated to make a delivery of 
unallocated Metal under the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities if the Metal 
Entitlement FX Differential (defined below) is positive in respect of a Valuation Day. 
Metal Entitlement FX Differential 
The “Metal Entitlement FX Differential”, in respect of a Valuation Day (the “Calculation Day”) and a 
Series of ETC Securities, is an amount of Metal (expressed as a number of Trading Units), and which 
amount may be expressed as either a positive or negative number (or zero) depending on the results of 
the below calculation(s), and determined by the Series Counterparty as being equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the FX Hedging Factor for that Calculation Day; and 
(ii) 
the number of ETC Securities of that Series that are outstanding on the Valuation Day immediately 
preceding that Calculation Day (with the term “outstanding” being, for the avoidance of doubt, as 
defined in the Conditions) plus (x) the number of ETC Securities of that Series for which a 
Subscription Trade Date has occurred prior to that Calculation Day but for which the Subscription 
Settlement Date or Settlement Cancellation Date has not yet occurred (and with the Series 
Counterparty being entitled to rely on the information as to the same provided to it by the 
Determination Agent) and minus (y) the number of ETC Securities of that Series for which a “Buy-
Back Trade Date” has occurred prior to that Calculation Day but for which a “Buy-Back Settlement 
Date” or “Settlement Cancellation Date” (as each such term is defined in the relevant Balancing 
Agreement) has not yet occurred. 
In respect of the above calculation(s), the FX Hedging Factor for any Valuation Day is capable of being 
either a negative or a positive number (or zero) and that accordingly the result of each element of the 
above calculation that requires a number of ETC Securities to be multiplied by an FX Hedging Factor can 
be either a negative or a positive number (or zero).

--- Page 197 ---
197 
  
Tax 
All deliveries under the Balancing Agreement will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any tax. In the event of any such withholding or deduction relating to an amount deliverable 
to the Issuer, the amount received by the Issuer under the Balancing Agreement will be reduced. 
Termination 
If a Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date (as defined below) is designated under the Balancing 
Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities for any reason, this will trigger the Final Observation Date 
in respect of such Balancing Agreement. 
An Early Redemption Event in the form of a Balancing Agreement Redemption Event will occur (for the 
purposes of Condition 7(d)(ii)) if, pursuant to the Balancing Agreement:  
(i) 
(x) a Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice is validly given by the Issuer as the Non-
Defaulting Party, (y) a Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice is validly given by either the 
Issuer or the Series Counterparty as the Affected Party or (z) a Balancing Agreement Optional 
Termination Notice is validly delivered by the Series Counterparty, and, in each case, the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Eligible Series Counterparty to replace the Series Counterparty within the 
Suspension Period in accordance with the provisions of Condition 11 or, if the Issuer has not 
exercised its right pursuant to Condition 11 to suspend the determination of the Metal Entitlement 
per Security and the Value per ETC Security by the Determination Agent for any Suspension period 
by the Valuation Day following the Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date, an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of a “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event” shall occur on the 
fourth Business Day following the expiry of the relevant grace period set out in Condition 11 and the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date; or  
(ii) 
(x) a Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice is validly given by the Series Counterparty as 
the Non-Defaulting Party or (y) a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice is validly 
delivered by the Issuer, then the Balancing Agreement Redemption Event will occur on (1) in respect 
of the termination of the Balancing Agreement following the occurrence of a Balancing Agreement 
Event of Default, the fourth Business Day following the date on which the relevant Balancing 
Agreement Event of Default Notice or the Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice (as 
applicable) is validly delivered, or (2) in respect of the termination of the Balancing Agreement 
following the valid delivery of a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice by the Issuer, the 
date specified in such notice, provided that the date so specified must be on or later than the 30th 
calendar day after the date of the relevant Optional Termination Notice and but shall not be later 
than (i) the 60th calendar day after the relevant Optional Termination Notice or (ii) the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date, and if such day is not a Business Day then the Balancing Agreement 
Early Termination Date shall be the next day that is a Business Day, 
in each case, the date of termination of the Balancing Agreement being the “Balancing Agreement Early 
Termination Date”.  
Set out below is a description of the circumstances and events in which a Balancing Agreement Early 
Termination Date may be designated or occur: 
(i) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Balancing Agreement (to which the Issuer and the Series Counterparty 
are the only parties), if one of the following events occurs and is then continuing with respect to a 
party (the “Defaulting Party”) (each a “Balancing Agreement Event of Default”), the other party 
(the “Non-Defaulting Party”) may deliver a notice to the Defaulting Party of the occurrence of the 
relevant Balancing Agreement Event of Default (a “Balancing Agreement Event of Default 
Notice”):

--- Page 198 ---
198 
  
(A) 
Failure to pay or deliver: Failure by the party to make, when due, any payment or delivery 
required under the Balancing Agreement if such failure is not remedied on or before the 10th 
calendar day after notice of such failure is given to the party; 
(B) 
Breach of agreement: failure by the party to comply with or perform any agreement or 
obligation (other than an obligation to make any payment or delivery under the Balancing 
Agreement) to be complied with or performed by the party in accordance with the Balancing 
Agreement if such failure is not remedied within 30 calendar days after notice of such failure 
is given to the party; 
(C) 
Misrepresentation: a representation made or deemed to be made in the Balancing 
Agreement proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made 
or deemed made;  
(D) 
Bankruptcy: the party (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger); (2) in the case of the Series Counterparty only, becomes insolvent or is unable 
to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (in the case of the Series Counterparty) or its Securityholders (in the 
case of the Issuer); (4)(A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, 
a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, 
or (B) has instituted against it (other than, in the case of the Issuer, by the Series Counterparty 
or any of its Affiliates) a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or 
petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and 
either (X) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (Y) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within 15 calendar days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks (in the case of 
the Series Counterparty only) or (in the case of both the Issuer and the Series Counterparty) 
becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian, examiner or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the appointment of a trustee, custodian, 
examiner or similar person for the purpose of an issue of notes or other securities by the 
Issuer); (7) has a secured party (other than, in the case of the Issuer, the Trustee) take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets (in the case of the Series Counterparty) or the assets on which the liabilities of 
the Issuer under the relevant Balancing Agreement are secured pursuant to the Security 
Deeds (in the case of the Issuer) and such secured party (other than, in the case of the 
Issuer, the Trustee) maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 calendar days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (7) above (inclusive); or (9) 
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence 
in, any of the foregoing acts; and

--- Page 199 ---
199 
  
(E) 
Enforcement: Solely in the case of the Issuer, any event or circumstance that has caused 
the Security over the Secured Property to become enforceable.  
(ii) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Balancing Agreement (to which the Issuer and the Series Counterparty 
are the only parties), if one of the following events occurs and is then continuing with respect to a 
party (each a “Balancing Agreement Termination Event”), the Affected Party (as defined below) 
may deliver a notice of the occurrence of the relevant Balancing Agreement Termination Event (a 
“Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice”): 
(A) 
Illegality: Due to an event or circumstance (other than any action taken by such party) 
occurring after the relevant Series Issue Date, it becomes unlawful under any applicable law 
(including without limitation the laws of any country in which any payment, delivery or 
compliance is required by either party), on any day, or it would be unlawful if the relevant 
payment, delivery or compliance were required on that day (in each case, other than as a 
result of a breach by such party of its obligations to use all reasonable efforts to maintain 
without undue expense or material adverse consequences in full force and effect all consents 
of any governmental or other authority that are required to be obtained by it with respect to 
the relevant Balancing Agreement and to use all reasonable efforts to obtain any that may 
become necessary in the future) for a party to make a payment or delivery required by the 
relevant Balancing Agreement or to comply with any other material provision of the relevant 
Balancing Agreement (and, for the purposes of such Balancing Agreement Termination 
Event, such party for whom such payment, delivery or compliance becomes or would be 
unlawful, being the “Affected Party”) (a “Balancing Agreement Illegality”); 
(B) 
Tax event: A party will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next date on 
which a payment or delivery is (a) due to it under the relevant Balancing Agreement, receive 
a payment or delivery from which an amount is required to be deducted or withheld for or on 
account of a Tax; or (b) due from or to it under the relevant Balancing Agreement, be liable 
to account for VAT on such payment or delivery (whether such VAT is recoverable or not) 
(and, for the purposes of such Termination Event, such party that would receive such 
payment in accordance with (i) above or be liable to account for VAT in accordance with (ii) 
above, being the “Affected Party”) (a “Balancing Agreement Tax Event”); or 
(C) 
Extraordinary Event: The occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) (and, for the purposes of such Termination Event, both parties being the 
“Affected Party”). 
(iii) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Balancing Agreement, provided that no Balancing Agreement Event of 
Default with respect to the party delivering such notice has occurred and is continuing and provided 
that no notice of termination of the relevant Balancing Agreement has already been given in respect 
of a Balancing Agreement Event of Default or a Balancing Agreement Termination Event, the Issuer 
or the Series Counterparty may opt to terminate the Balancing Agreement by delivering a notice to 
the other party stating that it is electing to terminate the Balancing Agreement (a “Balancing 
Agreement Optional Termination Notice”). In respect of an Optional Termination Notice validly 
delivered by the Issuer or the Series Counterparty, the Balancing Agreement Early Termination 
Date of the relevant Balancing Agreement shall be the date specified in such notice, which must be 
on or later than the 30th calendar day after the date of the relevant Optional Termination Notice and 
but shall not be later than the 60th calendar day after the relevant Optional Termination Notice or 
the Final Redemption Valuation Date, and if such day is not a Business Day then the Balancing 
Agreement Early Termination Date shall be the next day that is a Business Day).

--- Page 200 ---
200 
  
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS  
The ETC Securities will be cleared through the clearing system(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system. The International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and any Common Code and/or other applicable clearing system identification 
numbers will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Settlement and CREST 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, investors may hold indirect interests in the ETC Securities (such 
ETC Securities being “Underlying ETC Securities”) through the system for the paperless settlement of 
trades and the holding of uncertificated securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any 
successor thereto in accordance with the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 
(“CREST”) by holding dematerialised depository interests (“CREST Depository Interests” or “CDIs”). 
CDIs are independent securities constituted under English law issued, held, settled and transferred through 
CREST. CDIs are issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the “CREST 
Depository”) pursuant to a global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (in the form contained in Chapter 3 of the 
CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual)) (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the “CREST Deed Poll”). CDIs are issued by the CREST Depository and 
held through CREST in dematerialised uncertificated form in accordance with the CREST Deed Poll. CDIs 
in respect of Underlying ETC Securities will be constituted, issued to investors and transferred pursuant to 
the terms of the CREST Deed Poll. 
CDIs represent indirect interests in the Underlying ETC Securities to which they relate and holders of CDIs 
will not be the legal owners of the Underlying ETC Securities. Application may be made for such Underlying 
ETC Securities to be “listed on a recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007. Transfers of the CDIs will be exempt from UK Stamp Duty Reserve Tax under the 
Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (UK Depositary Interests in Foreign Securities) Regulations 1999 (SI 1999/2383) 
so long as such Underlying ETC Securities are not registered in a register located, kept or maintained in 
the UK by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Underlying ETC Securities are listed on a recognised stock 
exchange within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007, and certain other conditions are 
met. 
The Underlying ETC Securities (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such Underlying 
ETC Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the Underlying ETC 
Securities through the relevant clearing system. Rights in the Underlying ETC Securities will be held 
through custodial and depositary links through the relevant clearing system. The legal title to the Underlying 
ETC Securities or to interests in the Underlying ETC Securities will depend on the rules of the relevant 
clearing system in or through which the Underlying ETC Securities are held.  
The Issuer will issue Underlying ETC Securities with the intention that indirect interests in such Underlying 
ETC Securities be held through CDIs. In order to enable the settlement of indirect interest in the relevant 
Underlying ETC Securities within CREST, investors will need to hold such indirect interests via CDIs. The 
CDIs will not be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
Following the delivery of the Underlying ETC Securities into a relevant clearing system permitted in the 
CREST Manual, indirect interests in Underlying ETC Securities may be delivered, held and settled in 
CREST by means of the creation of dematerialised CDIs representing indirect interests in the relevant 
Underlying ETC Securities. For Underlying ETC Securities which are cleared through Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg, interests in the Underlying ETC Securities will be credited to the Euroclear 
account of CREST International Nominee Limited (the “CREST Nominee” and the CREST Nominee will 
hold such interests as nominee for CREST Depositary Limited (the “CREST Depository”) which will issue 
CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. The CDIs will therefore consist of indirect rights of a CDI holder

--- Page 201 ---
201 
  
in, or relating to, the Underlying ETC Securities which are held (through the CREST Nominee) on trust for 
the benefit of the CDI holder by the CREST Depository and will constitute a record acknowledging that the 
CREST Nominee holds the Underlying ETC Securities as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository. 
The CDIs will be issued once the relevant Underlying ETC Securities are credited to the CREST Nominee’s 
account. It is intended that CDIs will be issued to the relevant CREST participants on or around the relevant 
Tranche Issue Date of the relevant Underlying ETC Securities. However, CDIs may be created at any time 
following the credit of relevant Underlying ETC Securities to the CREST Nominee’s account with Euroclear. 
Each CDI will be treated as one Underlying ETC Security, for the purposes of determining all rights and 
obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on to holders of 
CDIs any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Underlying ETC Securities on trust for 
such CDI holder. Therefore, the holders of CDIs are entitled to the proceeds from the Underlying ETC 
Securities. If a matter arises that requires a vote of Securityholders, the Issuer may, with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee or with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, make arrangements to permit 
the holders of CDIs to instruct the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of the CREST Nominee 
in respect of the Underlying ETC Securities. However, there is no guarantee that it will be possible to put 
such voting arrangements in place for holders of CDIs. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying ETC Securities by the CREST Nominee to a participant of the relevant 
clearing system will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Underlying 
ETC Securities underlying the CDIs to the account of the relevant participant with the relevant clearing 
system. It is expected that the CDIs will have the same securities identification number as the ISIN of the 
Underlying ETC Securities and will not require a separate listing on a recognised stock exchange. 
If a matter arises that requires a vote of Securityholders, the Issuer may, with the prior written consent of 
the Trustee or with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, make arrangements to permit the holders 
of CDIs to instruct the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of the CREST Nominee in respect 
of the Underlying ETC Securities. However, there is no guarantee that it will be possible to put such voting 
arrangements in place for holders of CDIs. 
Holders of CDIs will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or 
prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual (November 2014) issued by Euroclear UK & 
Ireland Limited and as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the “CREST 
Manual”) and the CREST Rules (contained in the CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. Holders of CDIs must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such 
provisions. 
Investors in CDIs should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the 
CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of 
CDIs and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CDIs. Holders of CDIs may 
incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. 
Investors in CDIs should note that holders of CDIs may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of 
the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or 
expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Underlying ETC 
Securities through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Investors in CDIs should note that none of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility 
for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders acting in connection with CDIs or for the respective obligations of such intermediaries, 
participants or accountholders under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
  
The rights of the holders of CDIs will be governed by the arrangements between CREST and the relevant 
clearing system, including the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may 
be different from those of holders of ETC Securities which are not represented by CDIs. 
The attention of investors in CDIs is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and 
the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +442078490000 or from the Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited website at 
www.euroclear.com.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
The ETC securities are designed to provide investors with exposure to a Metal without having to take 
physical delivery of the Metal and, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, to reduce the exposure of 
the ETC Securities to exchange rate fluctuations between the currency in which the ETC Securities are 
denominated and the currency in which the relevant Metal is quoted.  
The net proceeds from the issue of a Series of ETC Securities will be an amount of unallocated Metal 
which, in accordance with the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts will, to the extent possible, be 
allocated to physical Metal bars or other metal shapes and be held in the Secured Allocated Account. Any 
remaining Metal shall be held in the Secured Unallocated Account. Such Underlying Metal in the Secured 
Allocated Account and Secured Unallocated Account shall be used to meet the Issuer’s obligations under 
the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the relevant Balancing Agreement.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
  
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
General  
The Issuer was registered and incorporated in Ireland as a public company limited by shares on 21 May 
2018 under the laws of Ireland, registration number 627079 under the name Xtrackers ETC plc. The legal 
Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 549300FXP9JMVJDIO346. 
The Issuer has been incorporated for an indefinite period. The Registered Office of the Issuer is at Fourth 
Floor, 3 George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. The telephone number of the Issuer is +353 1 612 5555. 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €1,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of €1 each. 
25,000 ordinary shares have been issued and these are held by Wilmington Trust SP Services (Dublin) 
Limited as trustee for charitable purposes pursuant to a declaration of trust established by Wilmington 
Trust SP Services (Dublin) Limited on 20 July 2018. 
The Issuer has not conducted any business since its date of incorporation except as contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus and the Transaction Documents and matters incidental thereto. 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities. The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Article 3 of its Constitution and include, inter 
alia, the power to issue securities and to raise or borrow money, to grant security over its assets for such 
purposes, to lend with or without security and to enter into derivative transactions. Cash flow derived from 
the Secured Property securing the ETC Securities will be the Issuer's only source of funds to fund 
payments in respect of such ETC Securities. 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities and the ETC 
Securities will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the ETC 
Securities (i) do not represent an interest in and will not be obligations of, or insured or guaranteed by, the 
Programme Administrator, the directors, the Corporate Services Provider, any Transaction Party or any 
subsidiary, holding company or any company associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status of a 
bank deposit and will not be within the scope of any deposit protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or 
guaranteed by any government, government agency or other body. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 30 
September 2021. Other than the issue of the ETC Securities, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness 
in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities 
under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities.  
So long as any of the ETC Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions set 
out in the Master Trust Terms. In particular, the Issuer has undertaken not to carry out any business other 
than the issue of securities and related transactions in accordance with Condition 6(i). The only assets of 
the Issuer available to meet claims of the holders of the ETC Securities are the assets comprised in the 
Secured Property relating to the relevant Series. 
Directors and Company Secretary  
The Issuer's Constitution provides that the Board of Directors of the Issuer will consist of at least two 
Directors.  
The Directors of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus are Cliona O’Faoláin and Claudio Borza. 
The business address of the Directors is Fourth Floor, 3 George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. The 
principal activities of the Directors outside the Issuer are as employees of the Corporate Services Provider.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
  
The Company Secretary and the Corporate Services Provider of the Issuer is Wilmington Trust SP 
Services (Dublin) Limited of Fourth Floor, 3 George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland is the secretary and 
administrator of the Issuer. Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, its duties include the provision 
of certain management, administrative, secretarial, accounting and related services. The appointment of 
the Corporate Services Provider may be terminated and the Corporate Services Provider may retire upon 
three months’ notice subject to the appointment of a corporate services provider on similar terms to the 
existing Corporate Services Provider.  
Financial Statements 
The Issuer has most recently prepared audited financial statements for (i) the period from 1 October 2019 
to 30 September 2020 and (ii) the period from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 2021. The financial year 
of the Issuer ends on 30 September. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference into and 
shall form part of this Base Prospectus and are available from the registered office of the Issuer. 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG, 1 Stokes Place, St. Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2, Ireland. The auditors 
of the Issuer are chartered accountants who are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
Ireland and are qualified to practise as auditors in Ireland. 
The Issuer agrees in the relevant Trust Deed to provide the Trustee with a certificate of the Issuer signed 
by any duly authorised signatory of the Issuer, on an annual basis and upon request, to the effect that 
having made all reasonable enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer as 
at a date (the “Certification Date”) not more than five days before the date of the certificate, no Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default or event pursuant to which the security has become enforceable had 
occurred since the Certification Date of the last such certificate or (if none) the date of the relevant Issue 
Deed or, if such event had occurred, giving details of it. 
Data Protection 
The Issuer has published a notice to Securityholders regarding the collection, recording, adaptation, 
transfer and other processing and use of personal data by and on behalf of the Issuer (the “Privacy 
Notice”), in accordance with General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and national 
supplementing legislation. Such Privacy Notice sets out the types of personal data that may be processed, 
to whom such personal data may relate and how it may be sourced, and the relevant parties who may 
process or receive such personal data and for what purposes, and otherwise explains certain policies and 
practices that have been put in place to ensure the privacy of such personal data.  
The Privacy Notice further describes the rights of Securityholders to request (i) the access to their personal 
data, (ii) the rectification and (iii) the erasure of their personal data, (iv) the restriction to the processing of 
their personal data, and (v) the transfer of their personal data to third parties, as well as the right of 
Securityholders to lodge a complaint in terms of data protection related issues with the relevant supervisory 
authority, the right to withdraw their consent on the processing of personal data and the right to object the 
processing of their personal data. 
Details of the up-to-date Privacy Notice are available under “Risks and Terms”, subsection “ETC Privacy 
Notice” on www.etf.dws.com (or such other website notified by the Issuer for such series of ETC Securities 
from time to time).

--- Page 206 ---
206 
  
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURED ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN, THE 
SUBSCRIPTION ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN, THE FEE ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN, THE METAL 
AGENT, EACH SERIES COUNTERPARTY AND THE PROGRAMME ADMINISTRATOR  
DWS International GmbH 
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by DWSI and 
has been included to provide disclosure for where DWSI acts as the Programme Administrator. So far as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by DWSI no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information misleading.  
Incorporation, Registered Office and Objectives 
DWS International GmbH (“DWSI”) was incorporated on 11 September 1983. It was previously named 
Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH but on 31 August 2018 was renamed to DWS 
International GmbH. DWSI is registered under entry number 23891 in Section B of the Commercial 
Register kept by the Frankfurt/Main District Court. Its registered office is at Mainzer Landstraße 11-17, 
60329 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. DWSI is a financial services institution supervised by the German 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (“BaFin”). DWSI holds a BaFin-license for individual portfolio 
management, investment advice, contract broking and investment broking. 
JPMorgan 
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. (“JPMorgan”) and J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as J.P. Morgan AG)  (“JPMSE”) 
and has been included to provide disclosure for where (i) JPMorgan acts as the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, the Fee Account Custodian, or the Metal Agent, and (ii) 
JPMSE acts as the Series Counterparty and as the Account Bank. So far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by each of JPMorgan and JPMSE, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information misleading.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
JPMorgan is a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a Delaware corporation whose principal 
office is located in New York, New York. JPMorgan offers a wide range of banking services to its customers, 
both domestically and internationally. It is chartered and its business is subject to examination and 
regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 
JPMorgan’s quarterly figures including total assets, total net loans, total deposits and total stockholder’s 
equity are contained in JPMorgan’s quarterly unaudited Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income 
(the “Call Report”), prepared in accordance with regulatory instructions that do not in all cases follow U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles. The Call Report including any update to the quarterly figures is 
filed with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and can be found at www.fdic.gov. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. Any 
documents filed with the SEC by JPMorgan Chase & Co. may be obtained without charge by each person 
to whom this Base Prospectus is delivered upon the written request of any such person to the Office of the 
Secretary, JPMorgan Chase & Co., 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017, or at the SEC’s website 
at www.sec.gov, or read and copied at the SEC’s public reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., 
Washington, D.C. 20549. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public 
through the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005, on which JPMorgan 
Chase & Co.’s common stock is listed. JPMorgan has securities listed on the regulated market of the 
London Stock Exchange plc.  
The information contained in this section relates to and has been obtained from JPMorgan. The delivery 
of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of

--- Page 207 ---
207 
  
JPMorgan since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct 
as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The business address of JPMorgan is 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
On 22 January 2022 there was a cross-border merger of J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A. and J.P. 
Morgan Bank (Ireland) PLC into J.P. Morgan AG. As a result of the merger, J.P. Morgan AG as the 
surviving entity was converted into the legal form of a Societas Europaea, and named J.P. Morgan SE. 
J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as J.P. Morgan AG) is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. J.P. Morgan SE has a full banking licence pursuant to Section 1(1) of the Kreditwesengesetz 
(German Banking Act) (Nos. 1 to 5 and 7 to 9) and conducts banking business with institutional clients, 
banks, corporate clients and clients from the public sector. 
J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as J.P. Morgan AG) does not have securities admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or an equivalent market. 
The business address of J.P. Morgan SE (formerly known as J.P. Morgan AG) is Taunus Turm, Taunustor 
1, 60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
  
TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain aspects of the tax treatment in respect of payments of the Issuer 
and amounts paid in respect of the ETC Securities by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by it) in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of such ETC Securities, based on the laws and practices currently in force 
which are subject to change after the date of this Base Prospectus and which changes could be made on 
a retrospective basis. It is limited to the country of incorporation of the Issuer and those countries in which 
admission to trading may be sought or offers for which a prospectus is required under the Prospectus 
Regulation and that may be made pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
It does not relate to any other tax consequences or to withholdings in respect of payments by other persons 
(such as custodians, depositaries or other intermediaries) unless otherwise specified. Particular rules may 
apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding the ETC Securities. The summary does not purport to be 
exhaustive and does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. With respect to certain structured financial instruments, such as the ETC Securities, it may be the 
case that in certain jurisdictions there is currently neither case law nor comments of the financial authorities 
as to the tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, there is a risk that the relevant financial 
authorities and courts or the paying agents in such jurisdictions may adopt a view different from that 
summarised below. Each investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its 
particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the ETC Securities 
and the receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities by the Issuer or by an agent appointed by the Issuer will be 
subject to any applicable withholding taxes. 
None of the Issuer, the Programme Administrator or any Transaction Party makes any representation or 
warranty as to the tax consequences to any investor of the acquisition, holding or disposal of the ETC 
Securities. The tax consequences for each investor in the ETC Securities can be different and therefore 
investors and counterparties are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific 
consequences. 
Information Reporting 
Information relating to the ETC Securities, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be 
provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and 
transparency regimes. This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the ETC 
Securities, amounts paid or credited with respect to the ETC Securities, details of the holders or beneficial 
owners of the ETC Securities and information and documents in connection with transactions relating to 
the ETC Securities. In certain circumstances, the information obtained by a tax authority may be provided 
to tax authorities in other countries. 
Ireland 
Introduction 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish tax consequences for individuals and companies of 
ownership of the ETC Securities based on the laws and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
currently in force in Ireland and may be subject to change. It deals with holders who beneficially own their 
ETC Securities as an investment. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of 
taxpayers holding ETC Securities, such as dealers in securities, trusts etc. The summary does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors 
in the ETC Securities should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, 
holding, redemption or sale of the ETC Securities and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their 
country of residence, citizenship or domicile.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
  
TAXATION OF HOLDERS OF ETC SECURITIES  
Withholding Tax  
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which should include interest payable on the ETC Securities. The Issuer 
will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax from a payment 
of interest on an ETC Security where: 
(a) 
the ETC Securities are Quoted Eurobonds i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as 
the Issuer), which are listed on a recognised stock exchange (such as the London Stock Exchange 
plc) and which carry a right to interest; and 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland, 
either: 
(i) 
the ETC Securities are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners; (Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream, Frankfurt are, 
amongst others, so recognised); or 
(ii) 
the holder of the ETC Securities and beneficially entitled to interest payable in respect of 
the ET Securities is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person 
(such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form; and 
(c) 
to the extent that the interest on the ETC Securities is considered to be dependent on the results of 
the Issuer’s business, or represents more than a reasonable commercial rate of return, one of the 
following conditions is satisfied: 
(i) 
the holder of the ETC Securities is resident for tax purposes in Ireland; or 
(ii) 
the holder of the ETC Securities is a pension fund, government body or other person (other 
than a person described in paragraph (c)(iv) below), who is resident in a Relevant Territory 
and who, under the laws of that territory, is exempted from tax that generally applies to 
profits, income or gains in that territory; or 
(iii) 
the holder of the ETC Securities is subject, without any reduction computed by reference 
to the amount of such interest or other distribution, to a tax in a Relevant Territory which 
generally applies to profits, income or gains received in that territory, by persons, from 
sources outside that territory; or 
(iv) 
the holder of the ETC Securities is not a company which, directly or indirectly, controls the 
Issuer, is controlled by the Issuer, or is controlled by a third company which also directly 
or indirectly controls the Issuer (where control includes an ability to participate in the 
financial and operating decisions of the Issuer where that ability is coupled with ownership 
of more than 20 per cent. of the issued share capital, of the principal value of profit 
participating financial instruments or financial instruments with a return in excess of a 
commercial return for the use of the principal which are issued by the Issuer (or ownership 
of any such instruments where they have no principal) or of the return on such financial 
instruments), and neither the holder of the ETC Securities, nor any person connected with 
the holder of the ETC Securities, is a person or persons: 
(A) 
from whom the Issuer has acquired assets; 
(B) 
to whom the Issuer has made loans or advances; 
(C) 
to whom loans or advances held by the Issuer were made; or 
(D) 
with whom the Issuer has entered into a swap agreement,

--- Page 210 ---
210 
  
where the aggregate value of such assets, loans, advances or swap agreements 
represents not less than 75 per cent. of the assets of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
the Issuer is not aware at the time of the issue of any ETC Securities that any holder of 
those ETC Securities is (i) a person of the type described in (c) (iv) above; and (ii) is not 
subject, without any reduction computed by reference to the amount of such interest or 
other distribution to a tax in a Relevant Territory which generally applies to profits, income 
or gains received in that territory, by persons, from sources outside that territory 
where for these purposes, the term: 
“Relevant Territory” means a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a country 
with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty; and 
“swap agreement” means any agreement, arrangement or understanding that: 
(I) 
provides for the exchange, on a fixed or contingent basis, of one or more payments based 
on the value, rate or amount of one or more interest or other rates, currencies, commodities, 
securities, instruments of indebtedness, indices, quantitative measures, or other financial or 
economic interests or property of any kind, or any interest therein or based on the value 
thereof; and 
(II) 
transfers to a person who is a party to the agreement, arrangement or understanding or to a 
person connected with that person, in whole or in part, the financial risk associated with a 
future change in any such value, rate or amount without also conveying a current or future 
direct or indirect ownership interest in an asset (including any enterprise or investment pool) 
or liability that incorporates the financial risk so transferred. 
Thus, so long as the ETC Securities continue to be quoted on a recognised stock exchange, are held in 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt, and, where required, one of the 
conditions set out in paragraph (c) above is met, interest on the ETC Securities can be paid by any Paying 
Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income 
tax. If the ETC Securities continue to be quoted but cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, 
interest on the ETC Securities may be paid without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish 
income tax provided such payment is made through a Paying Agent outside Ireland and, where relevant, 
one of the conditions set out in paragraph (c) above is met.  
If the quoted Eurobond exemption referred to above does not or ceases to apply, the Issuer can still pay 
interest on the ETC Securities free of withholding tax provided it is a “qualifying company” (within the 
meaning of Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (“TCA”)) and provided the interest is paid to 
a person resident in a Relevant Territory and, where the person is a company, it does not receive the 
interest in connection with a trade or business carried on by it through a branch or agency located in 
Ireland. To the extent that the interest on the ETC Securities is considered to be dependent on the results 
of the Issuer’s business, or represents more than a reasonable commercial rate of return, one of the 
conditions set out in paragraph (c) above must also be satisfied.  
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25 per cent. from interest on any ETC Security, where 
such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any holder of 
the ETC Securities. There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner of the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the 
encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within the 
charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
  
Income Tax, PRSI and Universal Social Charge 
Notwithstanding that a holder of the ETC Securities may receive interest on the ETC Securities free of 
withholding tax, the holder of the ETC Securities may still be liable to pay Irish tax with respect to such 
interest. Holders of the ETC Securities resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland who are individuals may be 
liable to pay Irish income tax, pay related social insurance (PRSI) contributions and the universal social 
charge in respect of interest they receive on the ETC Securities.  
Interest paid on the ETC Securities may have an Irish source and therefore may be within the charge to 
Irish income tax. In the case of holders of the ETC Securities who are non-resident individuals such holders 
may also be liable to pay the universal social charge in respect of interest they receive on the ETC 
Securities.  
Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of tax and any person, including a person who is 
neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
There are a number of exemptions from Irish income tax available to certain non-residents. Firstly, interest 
payments made by the Issuer are exempt from income tax so long as the Issuer is a qualifying company 
for the purposes of section 110 TCA the recipient is not resident in Ireland and is resident in a Relevant 
Territory and, the interest is paid out of the assets of the Issuer. Secondly, interest payments made by the 
Issuer in the ordinary course of its business are exempt from income tax provided the recipient is not 
resident in Ireland and is a company which is either resident in a Relevant Territory which imposes a tax 
that generally applies to interest receivable in that Relevant Territory by companies from sources outside 
that Relevant Territory or, where the interest is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under the 
terms of a double tax agreement which is either in force or which will come into force once all ratification 
procedures have been completed. Thirdly, interest paid by the Issuer free of withholding tax under the 
quoted Eurobond exemption is exempt from income tax, where the recipient is a person not resident in 
Ireland and resident in a Relevant Territory or is a company not resident in Ireland which is under the 
control, whether directly or indirectly, of person(s) who by virtue of the law of a Relevant Territory are 
resident for the purpose of tax in a Relevant Territory and are not under the control of person(s) who are 
not so resident or is a company not resident in Ireland where the principal class of shares of the company 
or its 75% parent is substantially and regularly traded on a recognised stock exchange. For the purposes 
of these exemptions and where not specified otherwise, residence is determined under the terms of the 
relevant double taxation agreement or in any other case, the law of the country in which the recipient claims 
to be resident. Interest falling within the above exemptions is also exempt from the universal social charge. 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency in respect of which the ETC Securities are held or attributed, may have a 
liability to Irish corporation tax on the interest. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under the specific provisions of a double tax treaty 
between Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient. 
Interest on the ETC Securities which does not fall within the above exemptions is within the charge to 
income tax, and, in the case of holders of the ETC Securities who are individuals, is subject to the universal 
social charge. In the past the Irish Revenue Commissioners have not pursued liability to income tax in 
respect of persons who are not regarded as being resident in Ireland except where such persons have a 
taxable presence of some sort in Ireland or seek to claim any relief or repayment in respect of Irish tax. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Irish Revenue Commissioners will apply this treatment in the 
case of any holder of the ETC Securities. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of the ETC Securities will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of the ETC 
Securities unless (i) such holder is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland or (ii) such holder carries 
on a trade or business in Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the ETC Securities were

--- Page 212 ---
212 
  
used or held or (iii) the ETC Securities cease to be listed on a stock exchange in circumstances where the 
ETC Securities derive their value or more than 50% of their value from Irish real estate, mineral rights or 
exploration rights.  
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance of ETC Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax (which subject to 
available exemptions and reliefs, will be levied at 33 per cent.) if either (i) the disponer or the 
donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain 
circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the 
donee/successor) on the relevant date or (ii) if the ETC Securities are regarded as property situate in 
Ireland (i.e. if the ETC Securities are physically located in Ireland). 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the ETC Securities 
provided the Issuer is a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA and the proceeds 
of the issuance of the ETC Securities are used in the course of the Issuer’s business.  
United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the ETC Securities, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the ETC Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the ETC Securities, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign 
passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed 
regulations until the issuance of final regulations. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the ETC Securities, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they 
may receive in connection with the ETC Securities. 
Austria 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer's understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the ETC 
Securities in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and 
does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. 
They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is 
based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as 
their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may 
possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences

--- Page 213 ---
213 
  
described. It is recommended that potential investors in the ETC Securities consult with their legal and tax 
advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the ETC Securities. Tax risks 
resulting from the ETC Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund 
within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) 
shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the ETC 
Securities are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
General  
Individuals who have a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are 
subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals who have neither a domicile nor their habitual 
abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income 
tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to corporate 
income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of management 
nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from certain Austrian 
sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be restricted 
by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
• 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 27(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest – the tax basis is the amount of the 
earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
• 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, zero coupon bonds and broken-
period interest – the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act); and 
• 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other 
realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index 
certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g. in the case of index 
certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Also the withdrawal of the ETC Securities from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the ETC Securities vis-à-vis other countries, e.g. 
a relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs 
(sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).

--- Page 214 ---
214 
  
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETC Securities as non-business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act. Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte 
aus Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) 
or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld 
(final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the ETC 
Securities without an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor’s income tax return and is subject to 
income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all income 
subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower 
progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act). The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; 
sec.27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must 
not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular 
taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following 
restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised increases in value and from 
derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and other non-securitized claims vis-
à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) nor against income from private 
foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal estates (Privatstiftungen, 
ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act may not 
be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate (this equally applies in case of an 
exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income not already offset against positive 
investment income may not be offset against other types of income. The Austrian custodian agent has to 
effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's securities accounts with the 
custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to issue a written confirmation 
to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETC Securities as business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the 
letting of capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in 
the investor’s income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment 
income from the ETC Securities without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor’s 
income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. In both cases upon 
application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant 
to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised 
increases in value and income from derivatives if realising these types of income constitutes a key area of 
the respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as 
bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this 
also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to be offset against 
income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and derivatives and with appreciations in 
value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55 per 
cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations 
subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income

--- Page 215 ---
215 
  
in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities at a rate of currently 25 
per cent. Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities with 
an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant 
to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the withholding agent may apply a rate of currently 25 per 
cent. if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the 
corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the sale of the ETC Securities can be offset 
against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the ETC Securities as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of currently 25 
per cent. on interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter 
alia, if the latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition 
costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must 
not be deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not 
triggered insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. 
Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus is in general subject to withholding tax 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the 
withholding agent may apply a rate of currently 25 per cent. if the debtor of the withholding tax is a 
corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered. Under the conditions set forth 
in sec. 94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the ETC Securities if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the 
ETC Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited 
income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and 
if withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident 
in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of 
residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor of which has its 
place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit 
institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an Austrian 
issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuer understands that no taxation applies 
in the case at hand.  
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term “foreign investment fund” 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin of 
which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which is not Austria; 
and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are 
organised in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading on the basis 
either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions 
is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax in its 
state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the undertaking 
are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian corporate income 
tax, at a rate of less than 15 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive personal or 
material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment vehicles investing in real 
estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the tax consequences would 
substantially differ from those described above: a special type of transparency principle would be applied,

--- Page 216 ---
216 
  
pursuant to which generally both distributed income, as well as deemed income, would be subject to 
Austrian (corporate) income tax. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer 
tax 
(Stiftungseingangssteuer) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Austrian 
Foundation 
Transfer 
Tax 
Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer has its 
domicile, its habitual abode, its legal seat and/or its place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions 
apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is 
subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. The tax basis 
is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The 
tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the donor and/or the 
donee has its domicile, its habitual abode, its legal seat and/or its place of management in Austria. Not all 
gifts are covered by the notification obligation: in case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of 
€50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds 
an amount of €15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations falling 
under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described above are also exempt from the notification 
obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the 
fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the ETC Securities may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor 
pursuant to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
Belgium 
General 
The following is intended as a general guideline and is only a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of 
current Belgian tax law and practice applied to the taxation of the ETC Securities. It is stressed that the 
text is not to be read as extending by implication to matters not specifically discussed therein. The text 
does not take into account or discuss tax laws of any country other than Belgium and is subject to changes 
in Belgian law, including changes that could have retroactive effect. Investors should seek advice from 
their own tax advisers with respect to the taxation in Belgium of proceeds received in respect of such ETC 
Securities.  
Taxation of a Belgian Tax Resident Private Investor or Belgian Legal Entities 
Payments by the Issuer at the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date 
The profit derived from the ETC Securities resulting from the positive difference (if any) between the Final 
Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount at the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Issue 
Price or between the Early Redemption Amount plus the Specified Interest Amount at the Scheduled Early 
Redemption Date and the Issue Price is characterised, under Belgian tax law, as interest income. 
Any profit derived from the ETC Securities and paid or attributed via a Belgian paying agent is in principle 
subject to Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., and possibly subject to exemptions under Belgian law. 
For individuals (Belgian residents) holding the ETC Securities as a private investment, the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax on any profit derived from the ETC Securities constitutes the final Belgian income tax. The

--- Page 217 ---
217 
  
Belgian resident is not required to report the profit derived from the ETC Securities in his income tax return. 
In case the individual has received this profit outside Belgium without deduction of Belgian withholding tax, 
he must report this profit in his individual tax return and the profit will be subject to a separate taxation at 
a rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the 
taxpayer’s other declared income, if this results in lower taxation). In case the individual realises a loss on 
his ETC Securities, no (withholding) tax will be due, but a tax deduction will not be available either.  
For Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax, the 30 per cent. withholding tax levied on 
any profit derived from the ETC Securities also constitutes the final Belgian income tax. The profit does 
not need to be reported in the annual income tax return. In case the legal entity has received the profit 
derived from the ETC Securities outside Belgium without deduction of Belgian withholding tax, it must pay 
and report the Belgian withholding tax to the Belgian tax administration itself. In case of a loss, no 
(withholding) tax will be due, but no tax deduction will be available either to the legal entities. 
Sale of the ETC Securities to a third party (other than the Issuer) prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
The capital gains realised upon transfer to third parties prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC 
Securities (i.e. the difference between the transfer price and the Issue Price of the ETC Securities) are in 
principle tax exempt in the hands of Belgian resident individuals, except if the capital gains are realised 
outside the scope of the normal management of the taxpayer’s private estate. No deduction will be 
available, in case a capital loss is incurred.  
The capital gains realised upon transfer to third parties prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC 
Securities (i.e. the difference between the transfer price and the Issue Price of the ETC Securities) are in 
principle tax exempt in the hands of Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax. 
Taxation of Belgian Resident Companies and Belgian Resident Individuals who have Invested 
the ETC Securities in a Business 
The profit derived from the ETC Securities resulting from the (positive) difference (if any) between the Final 
Redemption Amount at the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Issue Price and, in case of transfer prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, resulting from the (positive) difference between the transfer price and the 
Issue Price of the ETC Securities, will be taxable for Belgian resident companies and Belgian resident 
individuals who have invested the ETC Securities in their business activity. 
Profits derived from the ETC Securities by Belgian resident companies are taxed at the ordinary corporate 
income tax rate of 25 per cent. Small and medium-sized companies are taxable at the reduced corporate 
income tax rate of 20 per cent. on profits up to €100,000 (subject to certain conditions). Belgian resident 
individuals who have invested the ETC Securities in their business activity are taxable at the progressive 
individual income tax rates (plus local surcharges). Any losses are normally tax deductible. Any Belgian 
withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable subject to certain limitations. Under certain 
conditions, a foreign tax credit of a maximum of 15/85 of the net profit is granted in respect of taxes paid 
abroad. 
Taxation of Non-Belgian Resident Investors 
Non-Belgian resident investors are only taxed on Belgian source profit. 
The non-Belgian resident investors will, as a matter of principle, not be subject to taxation in Belgium in 
respect of any profit derived from the ETC Securities on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, if the profit 
is not collected through a Belgian paying agent. 
However, any profit derived by non-Belgian resident investors (individuals, companies and legal entities) 
upon payment by the Issuer on the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption Date will 
normally be subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent. if this profit is paid in Belgium, i.e. through

--- Page 218 ---
218 
  
a Belgian paying agent. Exemptions or reductions may apply pursuant to Belgian national tax law, tax 
treaties or European Directives. In the absence of such profit, no taxation will occur in Belgium. 
In addition, non-resident investors who have allocated the ETC Securities to the exercise of a professional 
activity in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as described 
above in the section “Taxation of Belgian Resident Companies and Belgian Resident Individuals who have 
Invested the ETC Securities in a Business”. 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 15 January 
2018, 98 jurisdictions indeed signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a 
multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications. More than 40 jurisdictions have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to 
the first automatic information exchanges in 2017 (early adopters). 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made 
with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which 
includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a 
requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation 
in direct taxation (“DAC”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The mandatory automatic exchange of financial information by EU Member States as foreseen in DAC will 
at the latest take place as of 30 September 2017, except with regard to Austria. The mandatory automatic 
exchange of financial information by Austria will at the latest take place as of 30 September 2018. 
Belgium has implemented the DAC, respectively the Common Reporting Standard, by the Law of 16 
December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial 
institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information 
on an international level and for tax purposes. 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards 
other EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first 
information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii), with respect to any other non-EU States that have 
signed the MCAA, as of the respective date to be further determined by Royal Decree. 
In addition to the aforementioned Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., profits derived from the ETC 
Securities may therefore be subject to a system of automatic exchange of information between the relevant 
tax authorities. 
Responsibility for the Withholding of Tax 
If the profit derived from the ETC Securities is paid or attributed to investors via a Belgian paying agent, 
the obligation to retain Belgian withholding tax, if any, is the sole responsibility of the Belgian paying agent. 
Under Belgian tax law the foreign Issuer does not assume any responsibility in this respect.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
  
Stock Exchange Tax 
In certain events, a Belgian stock exchange tax (Taxe sur les opérations de bourse/Taks op de 
beursverrichtingen) will be due. 
The Belgian stock exchange tax is normally due on a certain number of transactions agreed or executed 
in Belgium, including each transfer and each purchase for consideration in Belgium of the ETC Securities 
through a professional intermediary on the secondary market.  
The tax amounts to 0.35 per cent. of the purchase price of the ETC Securities for each secondary market 
sale and for each secondary market purchase. The tax due on each of the above-mentioned transactions 
is capped at €1,600 per transaction and per party. A separate tax is due from each party to the transaction, 
both collected by the professional intermediary. 
Following the Law of 25 December 2016, the scope of application of the stock exchange tax has been 
extended as of 1 January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the order is directly or indirectly 
made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium by (i) a private individual with habitual 
residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both 
referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). In such a scenario, the stock exchange tax is due by the Belgian 
Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the stock exchange tax due has already been 
paid by the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a 
qualifying order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day on which 
the relevant transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and 
duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent 
day-today listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of 
Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then 
be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the stock exchange tax due and for complying with reporting 
obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such 
a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the stock exchange tax due, the Belgian Investor 
will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the stock exchange tax. 
No tax is payable by non-residents acting for their own account, provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, nor by certain other (institutional) 
investors acting for their own account, such as professional intermediaries, insurance companies, 
enterprise pension institutions, collective investment institutions, etc. as listed in art. 126/1 of the Code of 
Miscellaneous Taxes and Duties. 
Tax on the Delivery of Bearer Securities 
A tax of 0.60 per cent. on the price to be paid by the purchaser or acquirer is levied on the delivery of 
bearer securities and it is not capped. 
The delivery of bearer securities means the physical delivery of the bearer securities that takes place after 
the acquisition for consideration (purchase on the secondary market) or withdrawal of the securities that 
are deposited on a short deposit account. Delivery to Belgian professional intermediaries falls outside the 
scope of the tax. If no physical delivery of the bearer securities takes place, the tax will not be due. 
The following transactions are exempt from the tax: deliveries made after the acquisition for consideration 
without the intervention of a professional intermediary, and deliveries of foreign securities deposited on a 
short deposit account, when the recipient is a non-resident. 
The tax on the delivery of bearer securities will normally only apply to transactions with ETC Securities in 
bearer form, subject to the above-mentioned exemptions.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
  
Annual tax on securities accounts  
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021 on the introduction of an annual tax on securities 
accounts, an annual tax is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve 
consecutive months starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher 
than EUR 1 million. 
The tax is equal to 0.15 per cent. of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. 
The reference period normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The taxable 
base is determined based on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. 
The amount of the tax is limited to 10 per cent. of the difference between the taxable base and the threshold 
of EUR 1 million. 
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective 
as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in 
Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies 
and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. Belgian establishments 
from Belgian non-residents are however treated as Belgian residents for purposes of the annual tax on 
securities accounts so that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts fall within the scope of this tax. 
Note that pursuant to certain double tax treaties, Belgium has no right to tax capital. Hence, to the extent 
the Tax on Securities Accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax treaties, 
treaty protection may, subject to certain conditions, be claimed. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each 
holder is jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration 
requirements for all holders.  
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for 
their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by 
Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment 
companies and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 
on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio 
management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold 
financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located 
in Belgium. Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder 
of the securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on securities 
accounts has already been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not established or 
located in Belgium. In that respect, intermediaries located or established outside of Belgium could appoint 
an annual tax on securities accounts representative in Belgium. Such a representative is then liable 
towards the Belgian Treasury (Trésorerie/Thesaurie) for the annual tax on securities accounts due and for 
complying with certain reporting obligations in that respect. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is 
liable for reporting obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an 
average value higher than EUR 1 million), the deadline for filing the tax return for the annual tax on 
securities accounts corresponds with the deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax 
purposes electronically, irrespective whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the 
latter case, the annual tax on securities accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year 
following the year on which the tax was calculated, at the latest.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
  
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, are also introduced: a rebuttable 
general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. The latter cover (i) the 
splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held at the same intermediary and (ii) the 
conversion of taxable financial instruments, held on a securities account, into registered financial 
instruments. 
Several requests for annulment have been introduced with the Constitutional Court in order to annul the 
Tax on Securities Accounts. If the Constitutional Court were to annul the Tax on Securities Accounts 
without upholding its effects, all taxpayers will be authorised to claim restitution from the Belgian State of 
the tax already paid. 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Tax on 
Securities Accounts. 
Anti-abuse provision 
Pursuant to article 344, § 2 of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992, the Belgian Tax Administration is entitled 
to disregard the transfer of certain assets, including cash, to a non-resident company which, by virtue of 
the law of its country of residence, is not subject to income tax or is subject to a tax regime in relation to 
the income produced by the assets transferred which is notably more advantageous than the tax treatment 
which would be applicable in Belgium to such income. 
Pursuant to this provision the Belgian Tax Administration can ignore the cash transfer and tax the Belgian 
investor on a deemed interest as if the transfer had not taken place.  
A Belgian investor can avoid the application of the abovementioned legal fiction by producing evidence 
that (i) the ETC Securities produce income that effectively generates in Belgium a tax burden which is 
normal in comparison with the tax burden which would have arisen if the investment had not taken place 
or (ii) the investment has been carried out for genuine financial or economic needs. 
Finland 
General 
The following is a summary of certain Finnish tax consequences for holders of the ETC Securities who are 
residents of Finland for tax purposes. The summary is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect 
and applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus with respect to securities linked to the value of an 
underlying asset generally, and is intended to provide general information only. However, the tax treatment 
of ETC Securities is not in all respects established and there are no specific tax laws addressing the tax 
treatment of such ETC Securities in Finland. Tax laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are 
constantly under change, which changes may sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the 
conclusions set out in the summary. 
The summary covers only the tax consequences of the subscription, purchase, ownership and disposal of 
the ETC Securities by individuals who are taxed under the Finnish Income Tax Act and by Finnish limited 
liability companies taxed under the Finnish Business Income Tax Act. The summary does not cover 
situations where individuals hold the ETC Securities in context of business activities. The summary does 
neither cover situations where the ETC Securities are held as investment assets or current assets (i.e. 
allocable to the inventory or otherwise held for trading purposes) by a limited liability company or where 
there are unrealised changes in the values of the ETC Securities that are held for trading purposes. Finally, 
this summary addresses neither Finnish gift nor inheritance tax consequences. 
The summary is furthermore prepared under the assumption that the Issuer is not a resident in Finland for 
Finnish income tax purposes and is not acting from a Finnish branch, permanent establishment or other 
fixed place of business in Finland in connection with the ETC Securities.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
  
Tax Withholding 
There is no Finnish withholding tax (Fi. lähdevero) applicable to the payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of the ETC Securities. However, Finland operates a system of preliminary taxation (Fi. 
ennakonpidätysjärjestelmä) to secure the payment of taxes in certain circumstances. A tax of 30 per cent 
will be deducted and withheld from all proceeds (at redemption) that are treated as interest or as 
compensation comparable to interest, when such payments are made by a Finnish account operator (i.e. 
a Finnish paying agent) to individuals and death estates. Any preliminary tax (Fi. ennakonpidätys) will be 
used for the payment of the individual’s or the death estate’s final taxes (which means that they are credited 
against the individual’s or death estate’s final tax liability). 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the ETC Securities to limited liability companies 
resident in Finland for Finnish income tax purposes may be made without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any Finnish tax. 
Individuals and Death Estates 
For income tax purposes, the ETC Securities will presumably be considered as assets, the disposal of 
which will result in either a capital gain or loss. Accordingly, individuals and death estates will be subject 
to tax on any capital gains incurred from the disposal of the ETC Securities. Capital gains of individuals 
and death estates are currently taxed at a tax rate of 30 per cent if the total amount of capital income 
(including capital gains) received by an individual or a death estate is €30,000 or less annually and at a 
tax rate of 34 per cent to the extent the total amount of capital income (including capital gains) exceeds 
€30,000 annually. 
Capital gains and losses are calculated by deducting from the sales price the original acquisition cost 
added with expenses incurred from the disposal of the ETC Securities. The acquisition cost of the ETC 
Securities is generally considered to consist of the price paid for the ETC Securities added with possible 
expenses incurred from the acquisition. Alternatively, when calculating capital gains, individuals and death 
estates may use a so-called presumed acquisition cost, the amount of which is always a minimum of 20 
per cent. of the sales price. When using the presumed acquisition cost, sales expenses are not separately 
deductible. 
A loss suffered from the disposal of the ETC Securities will presumably be considered as a capital loss. 
Similarly, a loss arising from the expiration of the ETC Securities (as worthless) presumably constitutes a 
capital loss. Capital losses are primarily deductible from capital gains arising in the same year. Any capital 
losses that cannot be used to offset capital gains in the same year can then be applied against other capital 
income in the same year. Any remaining unused capital losses can finally be carried forward for five years 
and used in the same manner as described above. 
Any compensation with respect to the ETC Securities paid at redemption/maturity will be taxed as capital 
income at the tax rate of 30 per cent or 34 per cent as described above (but may not necessarily be treated 
as a capital gain). Possible foreign withholding tax is normally credited in Finland up to the maximum 
amount of taxes payable in Finland. 
Corporations 
Amounts received from the disposal and/or the redemption of the ETC Securities constitute part of the 
limited liability company’s taxable business income. Correspondingly, the acquisition cost of the ETC 
Securities is treated as a deductible expense in taxation upon disposal or redemption. 
A limited liability company is subject to corporate income tax, currently at the rate of 20 per cent. for its 
worldwide taxable income. 
Possible foreign withholding tax is normally credited in Finland up to the maximum amount of taxes payable 
in Finland.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
  
France 
General 
This following summary is based on the tax laws and regulations in force in France as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and such as applied by the French tax authorities, all of which are subject to changes or 
to different interpretation, potentially with retroactive effect. It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the French tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or 
dispose of the ETC Securities.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the ETC Securities are advised not to rely upon the tax summary 
contained in this Base Prospectus and/or in the Final Terms but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice 
on their individual taxation with respect to the purchase, ownership, redemption or disposal of the ETC 
Securities. In particular, this tax summary does not address the tax treatment of ETC Securities holders 
that are subject to special rules, such as partnerships, trusts or regulated investment companies, 
international organisations, banks or other financial institutions, insurance companies, among others. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers as to the French and foreign tax treatment 
especially in light of their particular circumstances. 
The tax treatment described below is based on the assumption that the ETC Securities will be assimilated 
to securities equivalent to bonds (obligations) for French tax purposes.  
Withholding Tax  
To the extent that the Issuer of the ETC Securities is not domiciled or established in France (notably ETC 
Securities are not issued through a permanent establishment of the Issuer in France), the payments made 
on the ETC Securities to a beneficial owner of ETC Securities which is not a French resident for tax 
purposes and does not hold the ETC Securities in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed 
base in France will not be subject to a withholding tax (retenue à la source) in France. 
French Resident Individuals  
The following is an overview of French tax rules applicable to individuals, resident in France for tax 
purposes, who hold ETC Securities as part of their private assets, who do not trade on the stock market 
on a regular basis and, accordingly, who are not considered as professional traders. Individuals who 
engage in professional trading transactions should consult their tax advisers concerning the tax rules 
applicable in their specific case. 
Redemption Premium 
Redemption premium from obligations issued by foreign entities is subject to personal income tax (Article 
120- 8° of the FTC). 
Pursuant to Article 125 A of the FTC, subject to certain limited exceptions, the redemption premium 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France (domiciliés fiscalement) is subject to a 12.8 
per cent. advance tax (payable either by way of a withholding or by the individuals themselves), which is 
deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made. 
The redemption premium is then subject to personal income tax either at the flat tax rate of 12.8 per cent. 
or, upon election of the taxpayer, at the progressive scale with a maximum rate of 45 per cent. (the election 
for a taxation at the progressive scale being global and then applied to all the savings income and capital 
gains of the taxpayer), the above-mentioned advance tax of 12.8 per cent. being in both cases deductible 
from the personal income tax liability. 
Social contributions are levied (either by way of withholding or paid by the individuals themselves) at an 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent., broken down as follows:

--- Page 224 ---
224 
  
• 
a general social contribution (Contribution sociale généralisée) of 9.2 per cent. (of which 6.8 per 
cent. is deductible from the basis of assessment for personal income tax for the year of payment); 
• 
a social levy (Prélèvement de solidarité) of 7.5 per cent.; and 
• 
a social security debt repayment contribution (Contribution au remboursement de la dette sociale) 
of 0.5 per cent.  
A tax on higher income (Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus) is applicable at a rate of 3 per 
cent. to 4 per cent. on the income derived by individuals which exceeds €250,000 (for single persons) or 
€500,000 (for couples). 
Losses derived from the redemption of the ETC Securities cannot be deducted from the holder’s taxable 
income. 
Capital Gains 
Capital gains realised on sales of ETC Securities are subject to personal income tax either at the flat tax 
rate of 12.8 per cent., or upon election of the taxpayer, to personal income tax at progressive rates, with a 
maximum rate of 45 per cent. (the election for a taxation at the progressive scale being global and then 
applied to all the savings income and capital gains of the taxpayer), as of the first euro earned (Article 200-
A 2 of the FTC), to which are added the following social contributions at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per 
cent.: 
• 
a general social contribution (Contribution sociale généralisée) of 9.2 per cent. (of which 6.8 per 
cent. is deductible from the basis of assessment for personal income tax for the year of payment); 
• 
an additional contribution to the social levy (Prélèvement de solidarité) of 7.5 per cent.; and 
• 
a social security debt repayment contribution (Contribution au remboursement de la dette sociale) 
of 0.5 per cent.. 
A tax on higher income (Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus) is applicable at a rate of 3 per 
cent. to 4 per cent. on the income derived by individuals which exceeds €250,000 (for single persons) or 
€500,000 (for couples). 
Capital losses may only be used to offset capital gains of the same type incurred within the same year; in 
case of a remaining negative balance of capital losses, capital losses are then used to offset capital gains 
of the following 10 years.  
French Real Estate Wealth Tax 
As from 1 January 2018, the French wealth tax (impôt de solidarité sur la fortune) is repealed and replaced 
by the French real estate wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune immobilière).  
ETC Securities held by individuals in their personal portfolio would broadly only be included in the basis of 
assessment for French real estate wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune immobilière), as the case may be, in 
respect of the portion of the value of the ETC Securities representing real estate assets. As at 1 January 
2022, French wealth tax is applicable at a maximum rate of 1.5 per cent. to individuals who own personal 
real estate assets where their net asset value exceeds €1,300,000. 
Duties on Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Subject to certain conditions, ETC Securities inherited or received as gifts by individuals are subject to 
inheritance and gift taxes in France.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
  
Legal Entities Subject to Corporate Income Tax in France 
Redemption Premium 
The redemption premium is calculated by the difference between the amounts to be received and the 
amounts paid at the time of the acquisition or subscription of the ETC securities. 
The premium is subject to a staggered taxation when the premium, computed as indicated above, exceeds 
10 per cent. of the subscription or acquisition price and for ETC Securities whose average issue price is 
not greater than 90 per cent. of their redemption value (Article 238 septies E II 1° of the FTC).  
In the other cases (where the conditions are not met), the premium is taxable at the time of reimbursement. 
Where the redemption value of the ETC Securities cannot be determined before the maturity date, the 
securities holder may be subject to tax on a deemed redemption premium. The taxable portion of the 
deemed premium is equal to the difference between (i) the fraction of the deemed premium accrued until 
the end of the fiscal year, and (ii) the fractions taxed during the previous fiscal years. The deemed premium 
results from the application to the acquisition price, according to the method of compound interest, of a 
deemed interest rate equal to 105 per cent. of the last monthly interest rate applicable in respect of long-
term public loans (taux mensuels des emprunts d’Etat à long terme) known at the date of the acquisition 
(Article 238 septies E II 2 and 3 of the FTC). Furthermore, the redemption date is deemed to be the most 
distant date mentioned in the contract. 
In the specific circumstances where the ETC Securities are treated as index-linked (it being noted that the 
qualification of the ETC Securities as index-linked or non index-linked is not clear under French law), the 
redemption premium is computed at the end of the fiscal year as the value of reimbursement that takes 
into account the variation of the deemed index (Article 238 septies E II 2 and 3 of the FTC). The taxable 
portion of the deemed premium is equal to the difference between (i) the fraction of the deemed premium 
accrued until the end of the fiscal year, computed at a rate which, in accordance with the methods of 
compound interest, allows obtaining of the reimbursement value (that takes into account the variation of 
the deemed index) and (ii) the fractions taxed during the previous fiscal years according to the same 
method. 
In order to avoid double taxation, when the ETC Securities are sold or reimbursed, the portion of the 
premium that has already been subject to the staggered taxation during the previous financial year is 
deducted in determining the capital gain. 
The redemption premium is subject to corporate income tax (“CIT”) at the following rate. 
CIT is currently levied, in the general case, at 25.5 per cent. and is increased by a social contribution 
(contribution sociale) at a 3.3 per cent. rate applied on the CIT due, after deduction of €763,000 per 12-
month period (Article 235 ter ZC of the FTC). Certain legal entities, whose turnover does not exceed €10m, 
may pay CIT at the reduced rate of 15 per cent., up to a maximum taxable amount of €38,120 per 12-
month period. Moreover, legal entities whose turnover does not exceed €7.63m may qualify for exemption 
from the 3.3 per cent. social contribution under certain conditions (Articles 219-I-b and 235 ter ZC of the 
FTC).  
Capital Gains 
Capital gains or losses realised on the sale of ETC Securities by a legal entity subject to CIT are subject 
to the short-term capital gains or short-term capital losses regime. 
Capital gains are included in the taxable income of the current fiscal year at the time of their realisation 
and are taxable at the standard CIT rate of 25.5 per cent. plus the 3.3 per cent. social contribution (or the 
reduced rate of 15 per cent. up to €38,120 of taxable income, where applicable). 
Capital losses are charged against taxable income or contribute to the creation of losses carried forward 
under the conditions set forth by commonly applicable law.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
  
Germany 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and 
disposing of the ETC Securities. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the ETC Securities. In particular, this discussion does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular holder of the ETC Securities. The discussions that follow are 
based upon the applicable German laws in force and their interpretation on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. These tax laws and interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even 
with retrospective effect. 
Prospective holders of the ETC Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax 
consequences of subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing the ETC Securities, including the 
application and effect of any federal, state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each country 
of which they are residents or citizens. 
Income Tax 
ETC Securities Held by Tax Residents as Private Assets 
In case the ETC Securities are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by an individual investor whose 
residence or habitual abode is in Germany, any amounts received with respect to the ETC Securities are 
qualified as proceeds from receivables (Erträge aus sonstigen Kapitalforderungen). Although the German 
Income Tax Code distinguishes between the taxation of current proceeds from receivables and the taxation 
of capital gains from receivables, all proceeds are taxed as capital investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) at a 25 per cent. flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax). The solidarity 
surcharge is subject to pending proceedings before the Federal Constitutional Court. By law of 10 
December 2019 the solidarity surcharge was partially abolished with effect from 1 January 2021; however, 
this only applies to low incomes and in no case to flat-taxed capital investment income. 
Individual investors are entitled to a tax allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for amounts treated as 
investment income of €801 per year (€1,602 for jointly assessed individual investors). The tax allowance 
is considered for purposes of the withholding tax if the investor files a withholding tax exemption request 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the respective Domestic Paying Agent (as described below) where the 
securities deposit account to which the ETC Securities are allocated is held. The deduction of the effective 
income related expenses for tax purposes is not possible. 
The flat tax does not apply if – as a result of the so-called more favourable-test (Günstigerprüfung) – 
taxation at the personal income tax rate of the Securityholder is more favourable. 
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities held as private assets should generally 
be tax-recognised irrespective of the holding period of the ETC Securities. According to the view of German 
tax authorities losses suffered upon a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable 
(Forderungsverzicht) (to the extent the waiver does not qualify as a hidden contribution) shall, in general, 
not be deductible for tax purposes. With respect to a bad debt loss the German Federal Tax Court has 
recently rejected the view of German tax authorities. With respect to a (voluntary) waiver of receivable a 
lower German fiscal court confirmed the view of German tax authorities in a final decision. The German 
tax authorities did not recognise a capital loss if securities are sold or redeemed at a selling price, which 
falls short of transaction costs. The same applied if transaction costs are limited by an agreement with the 
custodian bank according to which the transaction costs are calculated based on the selling price taking 
certain deductions into account. However, the German Federal Tax Court decided in 2018 that a disposal 
at a purchase price below transaction costs is to be recognised for tax purposes and in 2019 the German 
Federal Ministry of Finance announced that the German tax authorities will comply with the decision of the 
German Federal Tax Court.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
  
In response to the above-mentioned decisions of the Federal Fiscal Court, the legislator has amended the 
Income Tax Act with effect from 1 January 2020, according to which bad debt losses, losses from the 
derecognition or transfer of worthless securities (and other assets in the meaning of Section 20 para. 1 of 
the German Income Tax Act; EStG) to a third party can only be offset with positive capital investment 
income up to an amount of EUR 20,000. Losses not offset can be carried forward to subsequent years and 
offset against positive capital investment income up to EUR 20,000. Furthermore, the legislator 
implemented – with effect from 1 January 2021 – a separate loss set-off pool (Verlustverrechnungskreis) 
for forward transactions (Termingeschäfte) within the meaning of Section 20 para. 2 no. 3 German Income 
Tax Act (EStG). According to this, losses from forward transactions cannot be offset against other positive 
capital investment income, but only against income from forward transactions and option taker premiums 
(Stillhalterprämien), limited to EUR 20,000. Losses not offset can be carried forward and offset in 
subsequent years up to EUR 20,000. The tax authorities have an extremely broad understanding of the 
term “forward transaction”, which possibly also includes ETC Securities. 
Apart from the restrictions on the use of losses described above, any tax-recognised capital losses may 
not be used to offset other income like employment or business income but may only be offset against 
investment income. Capital losses not utilised in one annual assessment period may be carried forward 
into subsequent assessment periods but may not be carried back into preceding assessment periods. 
The flat tax is generally collected by way of withholding. If the ETC Securities are kept or administered in 
a domestic securities deposit account by a German credit or financial services institution (or by a German 
branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution), or by a German securities trading firm 
(Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen) or a German securities trading bank (Wertpapierhandelsbank) 
(together, the “Domestic Paying Agent”) since their acquisition, a 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon (and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax), is levied on 
capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities, resulting in a total withholding tax charge 
of 26.375 per cent. If the ETC Securities were sold or redeemed after being transferred to a securities 
deposit account with a Domestic Paying Agent, the 25 per cent. withholding tax (plus solidarity surcharge 
thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax) would be levied on 30 per cent. of the 
proceeds from the sale or the redemption, as the case may be, unless the investor or the previous account 
bank was able and allowed to provide evidence for the investor’s actual acquisition costs to the Domestic 
Paying Agent. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if church tax is 
applicable to the individual investor. In this case the collection of church tax on capital gains from the sale 
or redemption of the ETC Securities is provided for as a standard procedure unless the Securityholder has 
filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für 
Steuern). 
If no Domestic Paying Agent (as defined above) is involved in the payment process or if no or insufficient 
withholding tax is withheld by a Domestic Paying Agent, the Securityholder will have to include its income 
from the ETC Securities in its tax return and the flat income tax of 25 per cent., plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax, will be collected by way of 
assessment. 
Payment of the flat tax will generally satisfy any income tax liability of the Securityholders in respect of 
such investment income. Securityholders may apply for a tax assessment on the basis of general rules 
applicable to them if the resulting income tax burden is lower than 25 per cent. 
ETC Securities Held by Tax Residents as Business Assets 
If the ETC Securities are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) by an individual or corporate investor 
that is tax resident in Germany (i.e. persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of 
effective management and control is located in Germany), capital gains from the sale or redemption of the 
ETC Securities are subject to personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity surcharge thereon and, if 
applicable to the individual investor, church tax). Losses realised on the sale or redemption of the ETC

--- Page 228 ---
228 
  
Securities may be offset in particular against items of positive income under the general tax rules or 
deducted as part of losses carried back or forward, although the minimum taxation rules (Section 10d para. 
1 and 2 German Income Tax Act, (Einkommensteuergesetz, EStG)) must be taken into account. Capital 
gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities will also be subject to trade tax. 
If a Domestic Paying Agent (as defined above) is involved in the payment process tax at a rate of 25 per 
cent. (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church 
tax) shall also be withheld from capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities. With 
respect to church tax applicable to an individual investor please see above under “ETC Securities Held by 
Tax Residents as Private Assets”. If the creditor of the investment income is a corporation, certain 
investment income (in particular capital gains) is exempt from withholding tax (Section 43 para. 2 sent. 3 
no. 1 German Income Tax Act). The same applies to creditors of a different legal form, in particular a 
partnership, if the latter declares to the Paying Agent – using an officially prescribed form – that the 
investment income constitutes business income (Bertriebseinnahmen) of a domestic establishment 
(Section 43 para. 2 sent. 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act). 
Any German withholding tax (including surcharges) is generally fully creditable against the investor’s 
personal or corporate income tax liability or refundable, as the case may be.  
ETC Securities Held by Non-tax Residents 
Amounts derived from the ETC Securities by holders who are not tax resident in Germany are in general 
non-taxable in Germany and no withholding tax shall be withheld, unless (i) the ETC Securities are held 
as business assets of a German permanent establishment of the investor or by a permanent German 
representative of the investor, or (ii) the income is paid by a Domestic Paying Agent against presentation 
of the ETC Securities (if applicable) (so-called over-the-counter transaction, Tafelgeschäft). 
If the income derived from the ETC Securities is subject to German taxation according to (i) or (ii) above, 
the income is subject to German income taxation and withholding tax similar to that described above for 
German tax residents. Under certain circumstances, foreign investors may benefit from tax reductions or 
tax exemptions under applicable double tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with 
Germany. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of the ETC Securities to another person by way of gift or inheritance may be subject to German 
gift or inheritance tax, respectively, if inter alia: 
(i) 
the testator, the donor, the heir, the donee or any other acquirer had his residence, habitual abode 
or, in case of a corporation, association (Personenvereinigung) or estate (Vermögensmasse), has 
its seat or place of management in Germany at the time of the transfer of property; or 
(ii) 
except as provided under (i), the testator's or donor's ETC Securities belong to business assets 
attributable to a permanent establishment, or a permanent representative in Germany.  
Special regulations may apply to certain German expatriates. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor to determine the particular inheritance or 
gift tax consequences in light of their particular circumstances. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration, value added or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in 
connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the ETC Securities. Under certain circumstances, 
however, entrepreneurs may opt for value added tax with regard to the sale of the ETC Securities to other 
entrepreneurs. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
  
Italy  
With regard to certain innovative or structured financial instruments there is currently no case law as to the 
tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, it cannot be excluded that the Italian tax authorities 
will change their current view, as specified below, and courts will adopt a view different from that outlined 
below. All of the following is subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the 
continued validity of this summary. Because it is a general summary, it does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, own or dispose of the 
ETC Securities nor does it purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
prospective beneficial owners of ETC Securities, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the Italian or other tax consequences of the 
purchase, holding and disposition of ETC Securities including, in particular, the application to their specific 
situations of the tax consequences discussed below. 
This summary assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident nor deemed to be a tax resident of Italy and 
that it has no permanent establishment within the Italian territory. 
ETC Securities qualifying as derivative instruments 
Provided that the ETC Securities qualify broadly as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian tax 
law, the following consequences apply to a Securityholder pursuant to Article 67(1)(c-quarter) of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended and according to the Italian 
tax authority’s Resolution no. 72/E of 12 July 2010. 
According to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, where the Italian resident Securityholder 
is: (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the ETC Securities are connected, 
(ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the ETC 
Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva).  
In this respect, Securityholders who are Italian resident individuals may opt for three different taxation 
regimes (regime della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio gestito). This 
option may result in certain impacts that the prospective investors should consider with their tax advisers. 
In particular, provided that certain conditions are met, the depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or 
using funds provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under certain conditions, capital losses may 
be deducted from the above mentioned capital gains. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the ETC Securities are effectively connected, capital 
gains arising from the ETC Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Securityholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax (IRES, 
currently applicable at a basic rate of 24 per cent.). In certain cases, depending on the status of such 
holder, capital gains arising from the ETC Securities may also have to be included in the relevant 
Securityholder’s taxable base for regional tax purposes (IRAP, currently applicable at a basic rate of 3.9 
per cent). The IRAP rate may be increased in certain Italian regions; IRAP rate has also been increased 
by Article 23(5) of Law Decree no. 98 of 6 July 2011 to 4.65 per cent. for banks and other financial 
institutions and to 5.9 per cent. for the insurance companies as indicated, respectively, under Article 6 and 
Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 446 of 15 December 1997. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
are not subject to Italian taxation, if (i) the ETC Securities are held outside of Italy, (ii) the ETC Securities 
have been deposited in Italy and are traded on a regulated market or (iii) the ETC Securities have been 
deposited in Italy but are not traded on a regulated market and the beneficial owner of proceeds from the

--- Page 230 ---
230 
  
relevant ETC Securities complies with certain filing requirements and is a resident of a country which is 
included in the list of jurisdictions allowing exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as 
provided under the relevant list which is currently contained in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996 as amended from time to time (last amendment being made by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 
March, 2017). 
ETC Securities qualifying as units in foreign investment funds 
Should the ETC Securities be deemed to constitute units in foreign investment funds, proceeds from capital 
deriving from the ETC Securities should be included in the taxable income of the Italian resident recipient 
and may be subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax applied by Italian resident entities, if any, which 
intervene in the payment of the relevant proceeds as well as in the repurchase or negotiation of the ETC 
Securities. 
ETC Securities qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest and other income deriving from ETC Securities 
Provided that the ETC Securities qualify as atypical securities, the following consequences apply to a 
Securityholder pursuant to Articles 5 and 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as subsequently 
amended. 
For ETC Securities issued by a non-Italian-resident Issuer, a 26 per cent. withholding tax may apply in Italy 
if the ETC Securities are placed (collocate) in Italy and the payments of interest and other income deriving 
from ETC Securities are collected through an Italian bank or other qualified financial intermediary. 
However, such 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made: 
(i) 
to a non-Italian-resident Securityholder if ETC Securities issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer and 
beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an 
Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Italy of 
foreign intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of interest and other income deriving from 
such ETC Securities, to ensure payment of interest and other income without application of Italian 
taxation a non-Italian resident Securityholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or the 
relevant intermediary a self-declaration stating that he, she or it is not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes; and 
(ii) 
to an Italian resident Securityholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the ETC Securities are effectively 
connected), (ii) a commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
In case ETC Securities issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are held by an Italian resident individual 
engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected with same business activity, the proceeds 
deriving from the ETC Securities will be subject to the 26 per cent. withholding tax on a provisional basis 
and will be included in the relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the proceeds will be subject to 
the ordinary income tax and the withholding tax may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Capital gains 
Where the Italian resident Securityholder is: (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the ETC Securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private 
or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, capital gains realised 
on the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta 
sostitutiva).

--- Page 231 ---
231 
  
In this respect, Securityholders who are Italian resident individuals may opt for three different taxation 
regimes (regime della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio gestito). This 
option may result in certain impacts that the prospective investors should consider with their tax advisers. 
In particular, provided that certain conditions are met, the depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or 
using funds provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under certain conditions, capital losses may 
be deducted from the above mentioned capital gains. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the ETC Securities are effectively connected, capital 
gains arising from the ETC Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Securityholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax (IRES, 
currently applicable at a basic rate of 24 per cent.). In certain cases, depending on the status of such 
holder, capital gains arising from the ETC Securities may also have to be included in the relevant 
Securityholder’s taxable base for regional tax purposes (IRAP, currently applicable at a basic rate of 3.9 
per cent). The IRAP rate may be increased in certain Italian regions; IRAP rate has also been increased 
by Article 23(5) of Law Decree no. 98 of 6 July 2011 to 4.65 per cent. for banks and other financial 
institutions and to 5.9 per cent. for the insurance companies as indicated, respectively, under Article 6 and 
7 of Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997. 
Any capital gains realized by an investor which is an Italian resident real estate investment fund to which 
the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 410 of 23 November 
2001 (“Decree No. 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010 converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply or a Italian real estate investment 
funds created under Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the 
“Real Estate SICAFs”) will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level 
of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or of the 
real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage 
of participation or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of 
the units. 
Any capital gains realized by an investor which is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (the 
“Fund”) or a SICAV (società di investimento a capitale variabile) will neither be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any form of taxation in the hands of the Fund or of the SICAV. The same tax regime 
applies to capital gains realized by an Italian resident SICAF not mainly investing in real estate assets and 
governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Any capital gains realized by an investor which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, as subsequently amended) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 
per cent. special substitute tax applicable to Italian pension funds.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
are not subject to Italian taxation, if (i) the ETC Securities are held outside of Italy, (ii) the ETC Securities 
have been deposited in Italy and are traded on a regulated market or (iii) the ETC Securities have been 
deposited in Italy but are not traded on a regulated market and the beneficial owner of proceeds from the 
relevant ETC Securities complies with certain filing requirements and is a resident of a country which is 
included in the list of jurisdictions allowing exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as 
provided under the relevant list which is currently contained in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996 as amended from time to time (last amendment being made by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 
March, 2017).

--- Page 232 ---
232 
  
Italian inheritance and gift taxes 
Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, which has converted into law, with amendments, Law Decree No. 262 
of 3 October 2006, has introduced inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of assets (such as the 
ETC Securities) and rights by reason of death or gift. 
As regards the inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of the ETC Securities by reason of death 
or gift, the following rates apply: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct relatives are subject to a rate of 4 
per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €1,000,000.00 for each transferor; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of brothers and sisters are subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000.00 for each transferor; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
and 
(v) 
transfers in favour of seriously disabled persons are subject to a tax at the relevant rate as described 
above on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €1,500,000.00 for each transferor. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets 
(such as the ETC Securities) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva provided for by Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997. In particular, if the 
donee sells the ETC Securities for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the 
donee is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift had never taken 
place. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13, Paragraph 2-ter, of the Tariff Part I Presidential Decree 26 October 1972, No. 642, 
as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting 
communications sent by financial intermediaries, carrying out their business activity within the Italian 
territory, to their clients for ETC Securities deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate 
of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or — if no market value 
figure is available — the nominal value or redemption amount of the ETC Securities held. If the client is 
not an individual, the stamp duty cannot be higher than €14,000.00. 
It may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, 
to the extent that the ETC Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with amendments by Law 
No. 214 of 22 December 2011, Italian resident individuals, non commercial entities and partnership and 
simila entities holding the ETC Securities outside the Italian territory are required to report in their annual 
tax return and pay an additional tax at the current rate of 0.2 per cent. for each year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the ETC Securities at the end of the relevant year or — if no 
market value figure is available — the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of any 
wealth tax paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth 
tax due). The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at € 14,000.00 per year for taxpayers other than 
individuals.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
  
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian-resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 
4 August 1990 (“Decree No. 167”), for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of notes held abroad (or 
beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies in the case 
that at the end of the tax year, notes are no longer held by the above Italian-resident individuals and 
entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required in case that the financial assets are deposited for 
management with Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated 
in Article 1 of Decree No. 167, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes as a counterpart in their transfer, 
provided that income deriving from such financial assets is collected thorough the intervention of such an 
intermediary. 
Luxembourg  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, 
levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax 
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (impôt de solidarité), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors 
may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject 
to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal 
business tax may apply as well. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there 
is no Luxembourg withholding tax upon interest payment or repayment of principal in case of 
reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the ETC Securities. 
Under the Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005, as amended (the “December 2005 Law”), interest 
payments made by paying agents established in Luxembourg (as defined in the December 2005 Law) to 
Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent.  
In the event of payments under the ETC Securities coming within the scope of the December 2005 Law, 
such payments would at present be subject to withholding tax of 20 per cent..  
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Holders of ETC Securities 
A non-resident corporate holder of ETC Securities or a non-resident individual holder of ETC Securities 
acting in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such ETC Securities are attributable, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
  
Resident Holders of ETC Securities 
A corporate holder of ETC Securities must include any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the ETC Securities, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
The same inclusion applies to an individual holder of ETC Securities, acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking. 
A holder of ETC Securities that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or 
by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds governed (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation 
documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the 
aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 does not apply), is not subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect 
of gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the ETC Securities. 
A gain realised by an individual holder of ETC Securities, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of ETC Securities is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the ETC 
Securities were acquired. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of ETC Securities, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such ETC 
Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such ETC Securities, except if the 
holder of ETC Securities is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, 
or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed 
by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law 
of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended or is a reserved alternative investment fund 
governed by the law of 23 July 2016. However, a securitisation company subject to the amended law of 
22 March 2004 and a company subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles 
are, as from 1 January 2016, subject to a minimum net wealth tax, as are reserved alternative investment 
funds subject to the law of 23 July 2016, provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the 
exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 
2016 applies. 
An individual holder of ETC Securities, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such ETC Securities. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of ETC Securities will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value 
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents 
relating to the ETC Securities are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that 
requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a holder of ETC Securities is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, 
the ETC Securities are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
  
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of ETC Securities if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded 
in Luxembourg.  
The Netherlands  
Where in this paragraph English terms and expressions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Dutch 
concepts under Dutch tax law.  
General 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the ETC Securities, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Netherlands tax considerations in relation thereto. This summary is intended as general 
information only for holders of ETC Securities who are residents or deemed residents of the Netherlands 
for Netherlands tax purposes. Each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the ETC Securities. We refer to the transaction 
summary (entitled “Overview of the Programme”) in this Base Prospectus for a description of the key terms 
of the ETC Securities. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for: 
(i) 
holders of ETC Securities holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of ETC Securities of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest 
in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her 
partner (statutory defined term), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of 
the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class 
of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit 
sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a holder of ETC Securities which is a taxpayer for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income 
tax, having a participation (deelneming) in the Issuer (such a participation is generally present in the 
case of an interest of at least 5 per cent. of the Issuer’s nominal paid-in capital); 
(iii) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(iv) 
pension funds, exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde fiscale beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax; and 
(v) 
a holder of ETC Securities that is a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint 
Maarten. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of ETC Securities, such reference is restricted to a holder holding 
legal title to as well as an economic interest in such ETC Securities. 
For the purpose of the Netherlands tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuer is 
neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
  
Netherlands Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the ETC Securities may be made free of withholding or deduction 
for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Netherlands Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
If a holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes and 
is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income tax or is only subject to Netherlands corporate income tax 
in respect of an enterprise to which the ETC Securities are attributable, gains realised upon the redemption, 
settlement or disposal of the ETC Securities are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum 
rate of 25.8 per cent. (rate for 2022)). 
If an individual holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax 
purposes, gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the ETC Securities are taxable at 
the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. (rate for 2022)) under the Netherlands 
income tax act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), if: 
(i) 
the holder is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the ETC Securities are 
attributable or the holder has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an 
enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the ETC Securities are attributable; or 
(ii) 
such gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden), 
which include the performance of activities with respect to the ETC Securities that exceed regular, 
active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If the above mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply to the individual holder of the ETC Securities, 
such holder will be taxed annually on a deemed return (with a maximum of 5.53 per cent. in 2022) on the 
individual's net investment assets (rendementsgrondslag) for the year, insofar the individual's net 
investment assets for the year exceed a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The deemed return on 
the individual's net investment assets for the year is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent. (rate for 2022). Actual 
income, gains or losses in respect of the ETC Securities are as such not subject to Dutch income tax. 
The net investment assets for the year are the fair market value of the investment assets less the allowable 
liabilities on 1 January of the relevant calendar year. The ETC Securities are included as investment 
assets. For the net investment assets on 1 January 2022, the deemed return ranges from 1.82 per cent. 
up to 5.53 per cent. (depending on the aggregate amount of the net investment assets of the holder of 
ETC Securities on 1 January 2022). The deemed return will be adjusted annually on the basis of historic 
market yields. 
Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Generally, gift and inheritance tax will be due in the Netherlands in respect of the acquisition of the ETC 
Securities by way of a gift by, or on behalf of, or on the death of, a holder that is a resident or deemed to 
be a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax at the time of the 
gift or his or her death. A gift made under a condition precedent is deemed to be made at the time the 
condition precedent is fulfilled and is subject to Dutch gift and inheritance tax if the donor is, or is deemed 
to be, a resident of the Netherlands at that time. 
A holder of Dutch nationality is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of the 
Netherlands gift and inheritance tax if he or she has been resident in the Netherlands and dies or makes 
a donation within 10 years after leaving the Netherlands. A holder of any other nationality is deemed to be 
a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of the Netherlands gift tax if he or she has been resident in 
the Netherlands and makes a donation within a 12-month period after leaving the Netherlands. The same 
12-month rule may apply to entities that have transferred their seat of residence out of the Netherlands.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
  
Netherlands Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the ETC 
Securities or in respect of a cash payment made under the ETC Securities, or in respect of a transfer of 
ETC Securities. 
Other Netherlands Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will 
be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the ETC Securities. 
Portugal 
This chapter summarises the Portuguese tax rules, in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
applicable to the acquisition, ownership and disposal of the ETC Securities. 
This section is a general summary of features of the Portuguese tax system relevant to the offer. This 
summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to any particular investor in the ETC Securities. It also does not contain detailed information about 
all special and exceptional regimes, which may entail tax consequences at variance with those described 
herewith.  
The tax treatment of each type of potential investor described in each section applies exclusively to that 
type of potential investor. No analogy regarding the tax implications applicable to other type of potential 
investors should be drawn. Potential investors should seek individual advice about the implications of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposal of the ETC Securities, in light of their specific circumstances. 
The meaning of the terms adopted in respect of every technical feature, including the qualification of the 
securities, the classification of taxable events, the arrangements for taxation and potential tax benefits, 
among others, is the one in force in Portugal as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Portuguese tax resident individuals or individuals with a permanent establishment in Portugal 
to which income associated with the non-Portuguese ETC Securities is imputable  
Acquisition of non-Portuguese ETC Securities for consideration 
The acquisition of ETC Securities for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of ETC Securities for consideration 
Since the ETC Securities do not guarantee a minimum investment return, any return arising therefrom 
qualifies under Portuguese tax law as capital gain. 
The annual positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of ETC 
Securities (and other relevant assets) for consideration is taxed at a special 28% Personal Income Tax 
(“IRS”) rate. No withholding tax applies to capital gains, which must be declared on the holders’ tax returns. 
For the purposes of computing taxable capital gains, (i) the acquisition value of the ETC Securities is 
determined by the cost as documentarily evidenced, (ii) the necessary and effectively incurred costs upon 
the disposal are added to the acquisition value (the cost basis) of the ETC Securities, and (iii) ETC 
Securities that were acquired first are considered as being sold first (first in, first out method). 
Alternatively, holders of ETC Securities may opt to declare such balance on their tax returns together with 
other income. The aggregate income is taxed at the IRS rate imposed by the relevant progressive tax 
brackets for the relevant year, up to 48%, plus a solidarity tax (taxa adicional de solidariedade) of up to 5% 
on the portion of taxable income exceeding €250,000 (2.5% on the portion of taxable income below 
€250,000 but exceeding €80,000). The progressive taxation under the IRS rules may then go up to 53%. 
Opting to declare the balance of gains and losses arising from the disposal of the ETC Securities on a tax

--- Page 238 ---
238 
  
return results in the need to aggregate such balance with other accretions in wealth (incrementos 
patrimoniais) ordinarily subject to special rates (taxas especiais).  
A negative balance between capital gains and capital losses can be carried forward (but only against 
income of the same nature) for five years if an individual elects to include it in the aggregate income. 
Losses arising from disposals for consideration in favour of counterparties subject to a favourable tax 
regime as per the General Tax Law are disregarded for the purposes of assessing the positive or negative 
balance referred to above. 
Gratuitous acquisition of the ETC Securities 
The gratuitous acquisition (per death or in life) of the ETC Securities by Portuguese tax resident individuals 
is not liable for Stamp Tax (otherwise due at a 10% rate) since the Issuer is not a Portuguese tax-resident 
entity. Spouses, ancestors and descendants would nonetheless avail of an exemption from Stamp Tax on 
such acquisitions. 
Corporate entities resident for tax purposes in Portugal or with a permanent establishment to 
which income associated with the ETC Securities is imputable 
Acquisition of non-Portuguese ETC Securities for consideration 
The acquisition of ETC Securities for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of ETC Securities for consideration  
Capital gains and capital losses are taken into consideration for purposes of computing the taxable profit 
for Corporate Income Tax (“IRC”) purposes. IRC is levied on the taxable basis (computed as the taxable 
profit deducted of tax losses carried forward) at a rate of up to 21% (small and medium-sized enterprises, 
as defined by law and subject to the de minimis rule of the European Union, avail of a 17% corporate 
income tax rate for the first EUR 25,000 of taxable income). A municipal surcharge, at variable rates (as 
set by municipal bodies) of up to 1.5% of the taxable profit, may also apply. Moreover, corporate taxpayers 
are also subject to a State surcharge of 3% on the portion of the taxable profit between EUR 1.5 million 
and EUR 7.5 million, of 5% on the portion of the taxable profits between EUR 7.5 million and EUR 35 
million and of 9% on the portion exceeding EUR 35 million. 
Gratuitous acquisition of the ETC Securities 
The positive net variation in worth, not reflected in the profit and loss account of the financial year, arising 
from the gratuitous transfer of the ETC Securities to Portuguese tax resident corporate entities liable for 
IRC, even if exempt therefrom, or to permanent establishments to which it is imputable, is taken into 
consideration for purposes of computing the taxable profit for IRC purposes.  
IRC is levied on the taxable basis (computed as the taxable profit deducted of tax losses carried forward) 
at a rate of up to 21% (small and medium-sized enterprises, as defined by law and subject to the de minimis 
rule of the European Union, avail of a 17% corporate income tax rate for the first EUR 25,000 of taxable 
income). A municipal surcharge, at variable rates (as set by municipal bodies) of up to 1.5% of the taxable 
profit, may also apply. Moreover, corporate taxpayers are also subject to a State surcharge of 3% on the 
portion of the taxable profit between EUR 1.5 million and EUR 7.5 million, of 5% on the portion of the 
taxable profits between EUR 7.5 million and EUR 35 million and of 9% on the portion exceeding EUR 35 
million. 
Portuguese Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the ETC 
Securities or in respect of a cash payment made under the ETC Securities, or in respect of a transfer of 
ETC Securities.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
  
Other Portuguese Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp tax or any other similar documentary tax or duty will 
be payable in Portugal by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, placement, 
allotment, delivery or transfer of the ETC Securities, except for in relation to fees charged to said holder 
by financial institutions for financial services provided in that regard. 
Spain 
General 
It must be noted that the tax treatment of the ETC Securities is not specifically foreseen in Spanish 
legislation. Therefore, the principles contained in said legislation are the ones to be applied to reach to 
conclusions as to the tax treatment of the ETC Securities. 
Neither the Spanish Tax Authorities nor Spanish courts have ruled on the tax treatment of the ETC 
Securities. 
Therefore, the following information is based on an interpretation, which the Issuer considers reasonable, 
of general principles underlying Spanish taxation as well as those traditionally governing official guidance 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities on financial products as in effect on the date hereof and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. It is also based on the pattern that the ETC 
Securities would be classified for tax purposes in Spain as debt securities.3 
The following is a summary of certain Spanish tax considerations relevant to a Securityholder. This 
statement must not be understood to be tax advice. It is based on the Spanish tax laws and their 
interpretation as of the date hereof. This description does not purport to be complete with respect to the 
tax information that may be relevant for the Securityholder due to his personal circumstances. Prospective 
buyers of the ETC Securities are advised to consult their professional tax adviser regarding the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without consideration of the 
Security.  
Taxation of a Spanish Tax Resident Individual 
According to article 25.2 of the Spanish Personal Income Tax Act, any positive or negative income earned 
by Spanish tax resident individuals from the ETC Securities would be considered as yield from movable 
capital obtained from the assignment of own capital to third parties.  
In case of transfer, redemption, reimbursement, exchange or conversion, the taxable income obtained by 
the investor would be the difference between the amount received (reduced in the expenses related to the 
transfer) and the acquisition cost or subscription value (incremented in the costs related to the acquisition). 
According to the Spanish legislation, income from movable capital will be included in the so called “savings 
income taxable base”, being taxed on a net basis currently at the following rates: 19 per cent. for taxable 
income up to €6,000; 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000; 23 per cent. for 
taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000 and 26 per cent. for taxable income in excess of 
€200,000. 
Losses derived from the transfer of the ETC Securities are disregarded if securities of the same kind have 
been acquired during the period between two months before or two months after the date of the transfer 
which generates the loss. In such a case, losses will be deductible when the transfer of the remaining ETC 
Securities of the Securityholder takes place. 
 
3 Please note that the tax classification of the ETC Securities as debt securities for Spanish tax purposes could also be a matter of 
controversy. In the Issuer’s opinion, and following the traditional position of the Tax Authorities in Spain, the ETC Securities 
should be classified as debt securities for tax purposes, leading to the tax regime, which is described herein. Should the Spanish 
Tax Authorities classify the ETC Securities as instruments generating capital gains or losses, the tax treatment could be different, 
potentially impacting aspects such as withholding tax or applicable tax rates.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
  
As regards income earned by Spanish tax resident individuals from the ETC Securities, no Spanish 
withholding taxes should be deducted by the Issuer considering it is resident in Ireland, as long as it does 
not have a permanent establishment in Spain. 
However, Spanish withholding taxes on income obtained under the ETC Securities may have to be 
deducted by other entities, as follows: 
(i) 
Income earned upon transfer of the ETC Securities may be subject to Spanish withholding tax at a 
19 per cent. rate to be deducted by the financial entity acting on behalf of the seller, provided such 
entity is resident for tax purposes in Spain or has a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. 
This 19 per cent. withholding tax can be credited against the final tax liability of the investor. 
(ii) 
Income earned upon redemption or reimbursement may be subject to Spanish withholding tax at a 
19 per cent. rate to be deducted by the financial entity appointed by the Issuer (if any) for redemption 
or reimbursement of the ETC Securities, provided such entity is resident for tax purposes in Spain 
or has a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. This 19 per cent. withholding tax can be 
credited against the final tax liability of the investor. 
Taxation of a Spanish Tax Resident Company 
Any income (whether positive or negative) earned by a Spanish tax resident entity from the investment in 
the ETC Securities would be included in the taxable base of the said entity in accordance with Spanish 
accounting standards, being taxed at the rate corresponding to the Securityholder (currently, general 
Corporate Income Tax rate is 25 per cent).  
According to article 61 of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, in case of ETC Securities traded in a 
Spanish regulated market (and such securities are represented in book entries) or in any official organized 
markets of OECD countries, no withholding tax shall be applied on income derived from such securities. 
Otherwise, a 19 per cent. withholding tax should be levied provided that there is an entity obliged to 
withhold tax according to Spanish Corporate Income Tax legislation.  
Natural or legal persons tax resident outside Spain 
Income obtained without a permanent establishment 
Under Spanish Non-Residents Income Tax Act, income derived from the ETC Securities by non-Spanish 
resident holders should not be considered as income obtained within the Spanish territory (and therefore, 
should not become taxable in Spain) as long as such non-resident investors are not acting in Spain through 
a permanent establishment in connection with the holding of the ETC Securities. 
Income obtained through a permanent establishment 
Generally, income derived from the ETC Securities earned by a permanent establishment located in Spain 
of a non-resident would be subject to taxation in Spain, in similar terms to Spanish tax resident companies, 
subject to any particularities arising out of any applicable double taxation treaty.  
Net Wealth Tax 
Spanish tax resident individual investors should note that according to Net Wealth Tax Act (subject to any 
exceptions provided under relevant legislation in each autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)), the 
net worth of any Spanish tax resident individuals in excess of €700,000 is subject to Net Wealth Tax in 
respect of year 2022. 
Therefore, investors who are Spanish tax resident individuals whose net worth is above €700,000 and who 
hold ETC Securities on 31 December are subject to Net Wealth Tax for such year at rates varying between 
0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent, of the average listing price of the ETC Securities during the last quarter of 
such year (or of the nominal value for non-listed ETC Securities). Spanish companies are not subject to 
this Tax. Non-Spanish tax residents, both individuals and companies, will not be subject to this tax on the 
holding of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
  
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The acquisition of the ETC Securities by Spanish tax resident individuals as a result of inheritance or gift 
would be subject to the general rules of the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax (as amended by each 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma) where applicable and therefore subject to any regional tax 
exemptions available to them). The final effective tax rate may range from 0 per cent. (full exemption) to 
81.6 per cent. depending on various factors (such as the amount of the gift or inheritance, the net wealth 
of the heir or beneficiary of the gift, the kinship with the deceased or the donor and the qualification for tax 
benefits). These factors may vary depending on the application of the state’s or the autonomous region’s 
Inheritance Gift Tax laws. 
If the beneficiary of any inheritance or gift were a Spanish legal entity or a non-resident entity with a 
permanent establishment in Spain, any income obtained would be subject to taxation under Spanish 
Corporate Income Tax or Non-Residents Income Tax, subject to the application of any relevant double 
taxation treaty. 
In principle, non-resident individuals and non-resident entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment in the Spanish territory would not be subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax on the 
acquisition of the ETC Securities based on the double taxation treaty.  
Reporting Obligations 
Spanish tax resident (i.e. individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-Spanish 
resident entities) must report to the tax authorities the values they have abroad. The reporting obligation 
must be fulfilled from 1 January until 31 March of the year following that for which the information refers to. 
However, there will be no reporting obligation for those values whose aggregate value is lower than 
€50,000. Finally, in the year after the one in which the information was provided, the information returns 
should be filed only if: the values of the values already reported have increased (unless the increase does 
not exceed €20,000); or those values are not held anymore. 
Indirect taxes, Other Taxes and Duties 
The acquisition of the ETC Securities and any subsequent transfer thereof are not subject or they are 
exempt from Transfer Tax and Value Added Tax and the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax. 
No Stamp Duty should be triggered provided the relevant securities do not have access to a Spanish public 
registry. 
Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of ETC Securities 
that are considered to be resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, or non-Swedish holders having a 
permanent establishment in Sweden to which the ETC Securities are attributable. The summary is based 
on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. Special 
tax consequences that are not described below may also apply for certain categories of taxpayers, 
including investment companies, mutual funds, life insurance companies and ETC Securities held by a 
partnership or as current assets in a business operation. The summary does not address situations where 
ETC Securities are held in an investment savings account (investeringssparkonto) or the rules regarding 
reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Credit of foreign taxes is not addressed in the 
summary. Further, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent, a holder of ETC 
Securities realises a capital loss on the ETC Securities and to any currency exchange gains or losses. 
Individuals resident in Sweden 
Generally, all capital income (e.g. amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
and capital gains on ETC Securities) obtained by individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) resident 
in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes will be taxable at a rate of 30 per cent. In case of transfer, redemption,

--- Page 242 ---
242 
  
reimbursement, exchange or conversion, the capital gain is determined as the difference between the 
amount received (reduced by costs incurred in relation to such transfer) and the acquisition cost or 
subscription value of the ETC Securities. 
If amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled 
in Sweden (or a Swedish branch of a non-Swedish entity) to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased 
individual) resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld 
by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes will normally be withheld also on other 
returns on securities and receivables (but not capital gains) paid to an individual, provided such return is 
paid out together with an amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes. 
A person is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes if the person (a) is domiciled in Sweden; (b) has 
permanently stayed in Sweden; or (c) has been domiciled earlier in Sweden and, after having moved 
abroad, continues to have an essential connection with Sweden. 
Corporations resident in Sweden 
Capital income, including interest and capital gains from the disposal of the ETC Securities will generally 
be taxable for corporations resident in Sweden. The taxable capital income (capital gain being the 
difference between the sale price and the acquisition cost of the ETC Securities) is taxed at the corporate 
tax rate of 20.6 per cent.. 
Corporations are generally deemed to be resident in Sweden only if they are incorporated in Sweden under 
Swedish corporate laws. A foreign company is deemed to have a permanent establishment in Sweden 
where it has a fixed place of business through which the business of the company is wholly or partly carried 
on. A permanent establishment may exist even if a non-Swedish company does not have a permanent 
place of business in Sweden from which the business is conducted entirely or in part, if the company has 
a representative in Sweden who regularly uses a power of attorney to conclude agreements on the 
company’s behalf related to the company’s core business. 
Switzerland 
Swiss Tax Resident Securityholders 
If the ETC Securities are held as private assets, the ETC Securities (including FX Hedged ETC Securities) 
should in principle generate capital gains exempt from income tax or non-tax deductible capital losses 
except for the amount of Specified Interest Amount which would typically be considered as taxable in the 
hands of the Swiss resident investor. It can, however, not be ruled out that, as a result of the Minimum 
Debt Principal Amount, the Swiss tax authorities treat the ETC Securities as a product combining a 
certificate and a structured product, combining bond and option components. In that case and provided 
that the ETC Securities qualify as transparent products within the meaning of the practice of the Swiss 
federal tax administration (which is the case for most structured products), any proceeds received by the 
Securityholders upon sale or redemption of the ETC Securities would have to be allocated between the 
bond and option component of the ETC Securities (with the share of the profit attributed to the bond 
component being characterised as taxable interest income (possibly in excess of the Specified Interest 
Amount) and the share of the profit attributed to the option component as tax-exempt capital gain). 
If the ETC Securities are held as business assets, any profit derived from the ETC Securities in excess of 
their book value is subject to ordinary (individual or corporate) income tax. Contrary to individual income 
tax, corporate income tax is generally a flat tax (the rate of which also varies depending on the cantons 
and commune of seat of the corporation). 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
As per currently applicable laws, payments under the ETC Securities will not be subject to Swiss 
withholding tax (35 per cent.), provided that the Issuer of the ETC Securities is at all times domiciled and

--- Page 243 ---
243 
  
effectively managed outside of Switzerland and provided that the proceeds from the offering and sale of 
the ETC Securities are used outside of Switzerland. 
Stamp Taxes (Issuance Stamp Tax, Securities Transfer Tax) 
The issue of the ETC Securities is not subject to the Swiss federal issuance stamp tax. 
Sale or purchase of ETC Securities may be subject to securities transfer stamp tax (0.3 per cent. in relation 
to foreign securities) if the ETC Securities have to be characterised as structured product, if a Swiss 
securities dealer (e.g. a Swiss bank or broker) is involved as an intermediary or as a counterparty in such 
transactions and if no specific (full or half) exemption is available. Exemptions may be available in relation 
to specific parties (e.g. a half exemption applies in relation to a party qualifying as an exempt investor, e.g. 
collective investment scheme or foreign pension funds) or in relation to specific transactions (e.g. full 
exemption applies in case of redemptions, or in relation to specific types of securities).

--- Page 244 ---
244 
  
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for ETC Securities from the Issuer. The Authorised 
Participant(s) in respect of each Series of ETC Securities at the relevant Tranche Issue Date of such Series 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Securities may be offered to any category of potential investors provided that the offer complies with the 
selling restrictions set out below in this “Subscription and Sale” section (the “Selling Restrictions”). For 
the avoidance of doubt, in respect of jurisdictions other than those set out below, each Authorised 
Participant shall be prohibited from offering or selling the ETC Securities pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
other than in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in the relevant jurisdiction 
This Base Prospectus may not be used in connection with or to offer any ETC Securities (a) listed 
on the official list of any stock exchange and admitted to trading on any market other than those 
listed on the official list of a Stock Exchange in the EEA and admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or main market of a Member State or (b) to investors in the UK. In particular, this Base 
Prospectus does not relate to any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and 
trading on any non-EEA market such as the London Stock Exchange plc and/or the SIX Swiss 
Exchange or offered to any investors located in the UK. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms and 
conditions of any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and trading on any non-
EEA market or to be offered in the UK will be set out in a separate document and will be offered 
pursuant to such separate disclosure and/or offering document as may be required by the laws 
applicable to such non-EEA jurisdiction and the rules of the relevant non-EEA exchange). 
In the following paragraphs of this “Subscription and Sale” section, references to “ETC Securities” should 
be taken to include references to “interests in ETC Securities held through CDIs”. 
Selling Restrictions 
United Kingdom 
Any Authorised Participant offering ETC Securities in the UK shall comply with the restrictions contained 
in the UK Base Prospectus with respect to sales of ETC Securities in the UK. 
United States  
The ETC Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities 
law of any state or political sub-division of the United States of America or any of its territories, possessions 
or other areas subject to its jurisdiction including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (collectively, the 
“United States”), and if in bearer form, and the ETC Securities are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. No 
person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the 
CFTC Rules of the CFTC, and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered under any United States 
federal laws. The ETC Securities are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to 
Regulation S thereunder (“Regulation S”). 
Accordingly, the ETC Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, delivered or otherwise transferred 
except (i) in an “Offshore Transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) and (ii) to or for the 
account or benefit of, a Permitted Transferee. 
A “Permitted Transferee” means any person who: 
(a) 
is not a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S;

--- Page 245 ---
245 
  
(b) 
is a “Non-United States person” as defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who 
are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person; or 
(c) 
is not a “resident of the United States” for purposes of, and as defined in implementing regulations 
proposed or issued under, Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
(“BHC Act”). 
Transfers of ETC Securities within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee 
(a “Non-Permitted Transferee”) are prohibited.  
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale or other transfer of ETC Securities to a Non-Permitted 
Transferee may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the ETC Securities to dispose of the ETC 
Securities in the secondary market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the ETC Securities. As 
a result, the value of the ETC Securities may be materially adversely affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in § 230.501(a) of the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 17) who are 
not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, “Non-United States person” means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for passive 
investment, organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of 
business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of 
source; 
(d) 
An entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or other 
similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify as 
Non-United States persons represent in the aggregate less than 10% of the beneficial interest in 
the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally for the purpose of facilitating investment 
by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons in a pool with respect to which the

--- Page 246 ---
246 
  
operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission’s regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with its principal 
place of business outside the United States. 
As modified in the definition of “Permitted Transferee” above, the definition of “Non-United States person” 
excludes for purposes of sub-section (d) above, the exception in the proviso to the extent that it would 
apply to persons who are not “Non-United States persons”.  
As defined in the final regulations issued under Section 13 of the BHC Act, 17 CFR 225.10(d)(8), “resident 
of the United States” means a “U.S. person” as defined in Regulation S. 
Each person who offers, sells, delivers or otherwise transfers ETC Securities has exclusive responsibility 
for ensuring that its offer, sale or other transfer is not to or for the account or benefit of any person other 
than a Permitted Transferee as such term is defined as of the date of such offer, sale, pledge or other 
transfer. 
The ETC Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other 
regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the 
merits of the ETC Securities. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the 
ETC Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity 
for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither trading in the ETC Securities nor 
this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no person other than a Permitted 
Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the ETC Securities.  
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has complied and will comply with the aforementioned transfer and selling restrictions and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells ETC Securities a confirmation or other notice setting forth the above 
restrictions on offers and sales of the ETC Securities. Each Authorised Participant has further represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not at any time offer, sell or deliver the ETC 
Securities of any identifiable Tranche except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S, and that none 
of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to such ETC Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them under Regulation S. 
In addition, under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”), each Tranche of ETC Securities 
must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original 
issue and any other sale. Each Authorised Participant represents that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
and agrees that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any ETC Securities of any Tranche 
within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issue or otherwise. Further, in 
connection with the original issue of any Tranche of ETC Securities or otherwise, each Authorised 
Participant represents that it has not communicated, and agrees that it will not communicate, directly or 
indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either of such Authorised Participant or such purchaser is within 
the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve such Authorised Participant’s U.S. office in the 
offer or sale of such ETC Securities. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that with effect from and including the date of this Base 
Prospectus (the “Relevant Effective Date”) it has not made and will not make an offer of ETC Securities

--- Page 247 ---
247 
  
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms to the public in that Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”), except 
that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Effective Date, make an offer of such ETC Securities 
to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms in relation to the ETC Securities specify that an offer of those ETC 
Securities may be made by the Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date 
of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such ETC Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
(if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to a legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Participants or Authorised Participants appointed by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of ETC Securities referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of ETC Securities to the public” in 
relation to any ETC Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and 
by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the ETC Securities to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those ETC Securities. 
Austria  
In addition to the restrictions described in the section “Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus 
Regulation” above, each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and agrees in the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement that it has not and will not offer any Bearer Securities in Austria, except that the 
Bearer Securities may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), 
as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of Bearer 
Securities. 
Belgium 
Each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered,sold or 
otherwise made available and it will not offer,sell or otherwise make available any  ETC Securities to any 
consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
  
Ireland 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that: 
(i) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the ETC Securities otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 
2017 (as amended, the “MiFID II Regulations”) including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for Authorisation (and certain provisions relating to MTFS and OTFS)) thereof, any 
rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the ETC Securities, otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”), the 
Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); and 
(iii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the 
ETC Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation 
((EU) 596/2014, as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
The Netherlands 
The ETC Securities (or any interest therein) are not and may not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, 
pledged, delivered or transferred in the Netherlands, on their issue date or at any time thereafter, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document in relation to any offering of the ETC Securities (or 
any interest therein) may be distributed or circulated in the Netherlands, other than to qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined under the section entitled “Public Offer Selling 
Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation” above), provided that these parties acquire the ETC 
Securities for their own account or that of another qualified investor. However, the ETC Securities may be 
offered free of any restrictions in the Netherlands provided that each such ETC Security has a minimum 
denomination in excess of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to 
compliance with the relevant requirements under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014.  
Portugal 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that, 
regarding any offer or sale of ETC Securities by it in Portugal or to individuals resident in Portugal or having 
a permanent establishment located in the Portuguese territory, it will comply with all laws and regulations 
in force in Portugal, including (without limitation) the Prospectus Regulation, the Portuguese Securities 
Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), the Regulation (EU) no 1286/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-
based investment products and other than in compliance with all such laws and regulations: (i) it has not 
directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered 
investment intentions, sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, 
market invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, resell, reoffer or deliver any ETC Securities 
in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the 
Portuguese Securities Code and other applicable securities legislation and regulations, notably in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal 
or having a permanent establishment located in Portugal, as the case may be; (ii) all offers, sales and 
distributions by it of the ETC Securities have been and will only be made in Portugal in circumstances that, 
pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, qualify as a private placement of ETC Securities only (oferta 
particular); (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute,

--- Page 249 ---
249 
  
make available or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the ETC Securities to the public in Portugal. Furthermore, (a) if the ETC 
Securities are subject to a private placement addressed exclusively to professional investors as defined, 
from time to time, in Article 30 of the Portuguese Securities Code (investidores profissionais), such private 
placement will be considered as a private placement of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities 
Code; (b) private placements addressed by companies open to public investment (sociedades abertas) or 
by companies issuing securities listed on a regulated market shall be notified to the CMVM for statistics 
purposes.  
Spain 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Spanish Securities Market Regulator (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores). On such basis, an offer of ETC Securities to the public may only be 
made in Spain pursuant to an exemption following the Prospectus Regulation and the Spanish Securities 
Market Law approved by legislative Royal Decree 4/2015, of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, 
de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), both as 
amended, and any implementation and/or regulation issued thereunder or substituting them, or following 
a passporting of this Base Prospectus into Spain pursuant to said applicable legislation. Any such offer of 
ETC Securities to the public in Spain is subject to compliance with the relevant requirements under 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of ETC Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the ETC Securities may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers ETC Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised 
Participant shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
  
FORM OF FINAL TERMS4 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Xtrackers ETC plc (the “Issuer”) 
[Series [●] up to [●][●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under its Secured Xtrackers ETC Precious Metal 
Linked Securities Programme (the “ETC Securities”)] 
[Issue of [●] being the Tranche Number [●] of Series [●] up to [●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under 
its Secured Xtrackers ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme] 
 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2022 (as amended) [as supplemented from time to time] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the final terms of the ETC 
Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [(as so amended and supplemented)]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the ETC Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the most recently approved Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to 
the Base Prospectus][and any translations of the Summary] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at https://etf.dws.com/en-gb/information/etc-documents/, at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Issuing Agent [and copies may be obtained 
from the offices of the Paying Agent]. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to the Final Terms.] 
[The ETC Securities of this Series may also be listed on the official list of a stock exchange and admitted 
to trading on an exchange other than those listed in these Final Terms, but any such listing or admission 
to trading will be on the basis of a separate Final Terms prepared in connection therewith and which shall 
be identical to these Final Terms save for the information relating to listing and the associated disclosure 
and/or offering documents.] 
 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
2 
Specified Currency: 
[USD]/[EUR]/[●] 
3 
Aggregate Number of ETC 
Securities of Series: 
 
 
(i) 
Of Series immediately 
prior to Tranche Issue 
Date: 
(ii) 
Immediately following 
Tranche Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Comprising 
the 
relevant Tranche of 
this Series: 
[●] 
 
4 [In the event the Form of Final Terms are used to constitute the final terms in respect of ETC Securities listed on a non-EEA stock 
exchange and admitted to trading on a non-EEA market (a “Non-EEA Listing”), all references to the Prospectus Regulation and 
related terms required by the Prospectus Regulation shall be deleted from the Form of Final Terms.]

--- Page 251 ---
251 
  
 
(iv) Maximum Number of 
ETC 
Securities 
of 
Series: 
[●] 
4 
Metal Entitlement 
(i) 
Initial 
Metal 
Entitlement per ETC 
Security as at Series 
Issue Date:  
(ii) 
Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security as at the 
Subscription 
Trade 
Date of the relevant 
Tranche 
of 
ETC 
Securities of the Series 
(if not the first Tranche 
of ETC Securities of 
the Series): 
 
[●] [fine] troy ounce[s] 
 
 
 
[●] [fine] troy ounce[s] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
(i) 
Series Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Issue Date (if 
not the first Tranche of 
ETC Securities of the 
Series): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Subscription 
Trade 
Date of Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Date on which Board 
approval for issuance 
of 
ETC 
Securities 
obtained: 
[●]  
6 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●]. 
7 
Relevant Regulatory Law 
Reference Date: 
[●]5 
8 
Name and address of Relevant 
Clearing System(s) 
[Euroclear]/[Clearstream, 
Frankfurt][Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[●] 
9 
CREST Indirect Clearing  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
METAL AND FX HEDGING 
10 
Metal: 
[Gold]/[Silver]/[Platinum]/[Palladium] 
11 
Metal Currency: 
[USD]/[●]] 
12 
FX Hedging: 
The ETC Securities [are]/[are not] FX Hedged ETC Securities. 
13 
FX Forward Points Reference 
Level Source as at the Tranche 
Issue Date: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
14 
FX Forward Points Reference 
Level Fixing Time: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
5 This should generally be the trade date for the first Tranche of the Series.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
  
15 
FX Spot Reference Level 
Source as at the Tranche Issue 
Date: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
16 
FX Spot Reference Level Fixing 
Time: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
17 
FX Spot Bid Reference Level 
Source as at the Tranche Issue 
Date: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
18 
FX Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment 
as at the Tranche Issue Date: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
19 
Maximum FX Bid-Offer Spread 
Adjustment: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
20 
(i) 
Metal Reference Price 
Bid Spread as at the 
Tranche Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Metal Reference Price 
Offer Spread as at the 
Tranche Issue Date: 
[●] 
21 
Reference FX Spot Bloomberg 
Screen: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
22 
Reference FX Forward Points 
Bloomberg Screen:  
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES AS AT TRANCHE ISSUE DATE 
23 
Series Counterparty: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
24 
[ICSD Paying Agent: 
[ [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
25 
Account Bank: 
[●] 
26 
Metal Agent:  
[●] 
27 
Sub-Custodian: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
28 
Eligible Account Bank Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P] 
29 
Eligible Custodian Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P] 
30 
Eligible Metal Agent Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P] 
31 
Eligible Series Counterparty 
Threshold Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
32 
Final Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[●]. 
33 
Final Redemption Disposal 
Period: 
[●] days. 
34 
Early Redemption Disposal 
Period: 
[●] days. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FEES

--- Page 253 ---
253 
  
35 
Base Fee Percentage: 
 
 
(i) 
Base Fee Percentage 
as at the Tranche 
Issue Date: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Base Fee 
Percentage: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
36 
FX Hedging Fee Percentage: 
 
 
(i) 
FX Hedging Fee 
Percentage as at the 
Tranche Issue Date: 
[●] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum FX Hedging 
Fee Percentage: 
[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE ETC SECURITIES 
37 
Form of ETC Securities: 
[NGN form: Applicable]/[CGN form: Applicable]/[CBF GN 
form: Applicable] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of ETC 
Securities described herein pursuant to the Secured Xtrackers ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities 
Programme.] 
 
XTRACKERS ETC PLC 
Signed by a duly authorised attorney: 
 
............................................

--- Page 254 ---
254 
  
Part B – Other Information 
1 LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the ETC Securities to be 
admitted to the [official list of Euronext Dublin][ and/or 
Euronext Paris][ and/or Euronext Amsterdam][ and/or 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange][ and/or Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][ and/or Bolsa de Madrid][ and/or Borsa Italiana][ 
and/or OMX Nordic Exchange][ and/or the London Stock 
Exchange plc] and for the ETC Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market(s) and/or other main 
market(s) thereof] with effect from or around [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total net 
proceeds of the issue: 
[●]  
 
(iii) Estimate of the total 
expenses of the issue: 
[GBP]/[EUR]/[USD] [5,000][●]  
 
(iv) Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[GBP]/[EUR]/[USD] [2,000][●]  
2 NOTIFICATION 
The Central Bank has provided the competent authorities of 
Austria, 
Belgium, 
Finland, 
France, 
Germany, 
Italy, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden 
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
3 RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
Not Applicable 
4 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the ETC Securities has an interest material to the offer.]/[●] 
5 REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See section headed “Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.]/[●] 
6 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
SEDOL: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery free of payment 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No]

--- Page 255 ---
255 
  
Annex – Issue Specific Summary 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted]

--- Page 256 ---
256 
  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) which are necessary 
in Ireland at the date of the Base Prospectus in connection with the establishment and update of the 
Programme. The most recent update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on 24 February 2022.  
2 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.  
3 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of 
the Base Prospectus unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
4 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer or financial performance of the 
group and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each case, 
since 30 September 2021, being the date of the last audited financial statements of the Issuer.  
5 
There are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the 12 months 
precedent the date of the Base Prospectus, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
6 
The ETC Securities represent indebtedness of the Issuer. ETC Securities may be accepted for clearance 
through any Clearing System including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream 
Banking, Frankfurt (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). ETC Securities will be cleared 
through the Relevant Clearing System in whole numbers of ETC Securities only (for these purposes an 
ETC Security may be referred to as a unit by the Relevant Clearing System).  
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the CUSIP and CINS number and PORTAL system and identification number for each Series of ETC 
Securities will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.  
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt is Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany.  
The address of any other Clearing System that is a Relevant Clearing System for a Series of ETC 
Securities will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7 
The Initial Metal Entitlement per Security of, and the number of ETC Securities comprising, each Tranche 
of ETC Securities will be determined before filing of the relevant Final Terms. Post-issuance, the Issuer 
will provide information regarding the estimated amount of Underlying Metal held by the Issuer per ETC 
Security for a Series and the estimated value thereof in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day by no 
later than the end of the immediately following Scheduled Valuation Day on the website maintained on 
behalf of the Issuer at www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17). 
8 
For so long as ETC Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus and for so long as any 
listed ETC Securities remain outstanding, the documents specified below will be available at 
www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders (including, in the case of 
items 8.4 and 8.5 below, https://etf.dws.com/en-gb/information/etc-documents/annual-reports/)): 
 
the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 257 ---
257 
  
 
the Master Trust Terms (which include the forms of the Global Securities and the Definitive 
Securities); 
 
the up to date constitution of the Issuer; 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2019 to 30 September 
2020; and 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 
2021. 
9 
For so long as ETC Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus and for so long as any 
listed ETC Securities remain outstanding, the documents specified below will be available in physical 
format, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), 
for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Issuing Agent and at 
www.etf.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders (including, in the case of 
items 9.3 and 9.4 below, https://etf.dws.com/en-gb/information/etc-documents/annual-reports/)):  
 
the Master Terms and Conditions; 
 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement hereto; 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2019 to 30 September 
2020; 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 
2021; 
 
each set of Final Terms; and 
 
such other documents (if any) as may be required by the rules of any Relevant Stock Exchange. 
10 
The Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for (i) the period from 1 October 2019 to 30 
September 2020 and (ii) the period from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 2021. Such financial statements 
are incorporated by reference into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus. 
11 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Series of ETC Securities is “Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility”, such designation simply means that the ETC Securities are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICDSs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the ETC Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility. 
12 
Being a physical commodity, the Metal does not have an expiry or maturity date. 
13 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the ETC Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the ETC Securities to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
14 
Terms of any Offer 
Offer Price: 
Such price as is individually agreed between an Authorised 
Offeror and the relevant purchaser.  
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
Not applicable given the manner in which ETC Securities will be 
offered 
Description of the time period, 
including any possible amendments 
In respect of any ETC Securities, offers may be made at any time 
during the period from and including the date of the Base

--- Page 258 ---
258 
  
during which the offer will be open 
and a description of the application 
process: 
Prospectus to (but excluding) the date falling 12 months after the 
date of the Base Prospectus. There is no application process for 
potential purchasers. Instead, each Authorised Offeror may offer 
to investors in agreed transactions.  
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
Not applicable given the manner in which ETC Securities will be 
offered. The ETC Securities will not be the subject of an offer that 
asks for applications from potential purchasers and then reduces 
subscriptions and refunds any excess amount should those 
potential purchasers not be allocated ETC Securities.  
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
Not applicable given the manner in which ETC Securities will be 
offered.  
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
ETC Securities: 
As individually agreed between a purchaser and the relevant 
Authorised Offeror.  
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
The Issuer will sell all ETC Securities of a Series to one or more 
Authorised Participants on their issue. The Authorised 
Participants may act as market makers on stock exchanges and 
may also offer to the public in over-the-counter transactions 
during the offer period. The Authorised Participants are likely to 
hold ETC Securities in inventory. The number of ETC Securities 
issued will not vary based on the results of any offer (with any 
offer being agreed on an individual basis) and, as a result, there 
is no necessity to notify the public of the results of any offer.  
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
Not applicable given the manner in which ETC Securities will be 
offered.  
Tranche(s) which has/have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
Not applicable given the manner in which ETC Securities will be 
offered. 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
As described above, there will be no formal offer period prior to 
issue and there will be no applications process whereby 
allotments are required to be made. As a result, no notification of 
allotments is required. No dealing by an investor may take place 
until such investor has been delivered the relevant ETC 
Securities.  
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
As may be agreed between the purchaser and the relevant 
Authorised Offeror.  
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
Any Authorised Offeror is entitled to make an offer in Austria, 
Belgium, France, Finland, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, subject to the 
conditions set out in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
  
GLOSSARY 
 
$ ......................................................................... 12 
£ ......................................................................... 12 
¥ ......................................................................... 12 
€ ......................................................................... 12 
Account Bank ............................................... 15, 90 
Additional Enforcement Amount ......................... 90 
adjourned meeting ........................................... 181 
Adjustment Spread ..................................... 91, 152 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ......................... 91 
Affected Party ....................................... 91, 94, 199 
Affiliate ............................................................... 91 
Agency Agreement ............................................. 91 
agent ................................................................ 178 
Agent .................................................................. 91 
Agent Redemption Event ........................... 91, 145 
Agent Redemption Event Notice ................ 91, 145 
Agents ................................................................ 91 
Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement ............. 91, 140 
Aggregate Metal Sold ................................. 91, 140 
amount ............................................................... 91 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive ............................. 48 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 .......................... 48 
Appointee ................................................... 91, 172 
Authorised Distributor ........................................... 7 
Authorised Offeror ................................................ 5 
Authorised Offeror Terms ..................................... 5 
Authorised Participant ........................................ 91 
Authorised Participant Agreement ..................... 91 
Average Metal Sale Price ..................... 24, 92, 140 
BaFin ................................................................ 206 
Balancing Agreement ................................... 15, 92 
Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date .. 92, 
145, 197 
Balancing Agreement Event of Default ...... 92, 197 
Balancing Agreement Event of Default Notice .. 93, 
197 
Balancing Agreement Illegality ................... 93, 199 
Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice
 ................................................................... 93, 199 
Balancing Agreement Redemption Event . 93, 145, 
197 
Balancing Agreement Redemption Event Notice
 ................................................................. 145, 160 
Balancing Agreement Tax Event .......... 93, 94, 199 
Balancing Agreement Termination Event ... 93, 199 
Balancing Agreement Termination Event Notice94, 
199 
Base Fee Percentage ................................ 94, 119 
Base Prospectus .................................................. 1 
Bearer Securities .......................................... 20, 94 
Belgian Investor ............................................... 219 
Benchmark Regulation ......................................... 8 
Benefit Plan Investor .......................................... 10 
BEPS .................................................................. 49 
BHC Act ........................................................... 245 
block voting instruction ..................................... 178 
Business Day ..................................................... 94 
Buy-Back Order .................................................. 94 
Buy-Back Trade Date ......................................... 94 
C Rules ............................................................. 246 
Calculation Day ................................................. 196 
Call Report ........................................................ 206 
CDIs ........................................................ 3, 36, 200 
CEA .................................................................... 10 
Central Bank ................................................... 3, 94 
Certification Date .............................................. 205 
CFTC .................................................................. 10 
CFTC Rules ........................................................ 10 
CGN .................................................................... 94 
Change in Law Extraordinary Event ................... 94 
CHF .................................................................... 12 
CIT .................................................................... 225 
CJEU .................................................................. 32 
Clearing System ................................................. 95 
Clearstream, Frankfurt ........................................ 95 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................................. 95 
Code ..................................................... 82, 85, 153 
COMI .................................................................. 32 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission .......... 95 
Commodity Regulatory Body .............................. 96 
Companies Act ........................................... 95, 248 
Conditions ........................................................... 96 
control ................................................................. 91 
Corporate Services Agreement .......................... 96 
Corporate Services Provider ............................... 96 
Costs Amount ............................................... 16, 96 
CREST .................................................... 3, 14, 200 
CREST Deed Poll ......................................... 3, 200 
CREST Depository ........................................... 200 
CREST Depository Interests ............................. 200 
CREST Manual ................................................. 201 
CREST Nominee .............................................. 200 
CRS .................................................................. 218 
Currency Business Day ...................................... 96 
Currency Convertibility Event ............................. 96 
Currency Deliverability Event ...................... 96, 147 
Currency Discontinuity Event ...................... 96, 147 
Currency Jurisdiction .................................. 96, 147 
Currency Pair ........................................ 64, 97, 147 
Custodian............................................................ 15 
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts......... 97 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account
 ............................................................................ 97 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription/Buy-Back 
Fee Account ........................................................ 97 
DAC .................................................................. 218 
Day Count Fraction ..................................... 97, 119 
December 2005 Law......................................... 233 
Defaulting Party .................................... 93, 97, 197 
Determination Agent ..................................... 15, 97 
Determination Agent Agreement ........................ 97 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event .............. 97 
Determination Agent Breach............................. 155 
Disrupted Day ..................................................... 97

--- Page 260 ---
260 
  
Disruption Event ................................................. 97 
Disruption Event Notice ...................... 97, 148, 149 
dollars ................................................................. 12 
Domestic Paying Agent .................................... 227 
Dublin Business Day .......................................... 98 
DWSI .......................................................... 98, 206 
E ............................................... 124, 125, 128, 129 
Early Metal Redemption Amount ......... 24, 98, 140 
Early Redemption Amount ................... 24, 98, 142 
Early Redemption Disposal Period .............. 25, 98 
Early Redemption Event ............................ 98, 144 
Early Redemption Valuation Date ........ 25, 98, 140 
EEA ...................................................................... 3 
Eligible Account Bank ........................................ 98 
Eligible Account Bank Threshold Rating ............ 98 
Eligible Custodian .............................................. 98 
Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating .................. 98 
Eligible Determination Agent .............................. 98 
Eligible Metal Agent ........................................... 98 
Eligible Metal Agent Threshold Rating ............... 98 
Eligible Programme Administrator ...................... 98 
Eligible Series Counterparty ............................... 99 
Eligible Series Counterparty Threshold Rating .. 99 
Employee Benefit Plan ....................................... 10 
English Law Secured Property ........................... 99 
English Law Security .......................................... 99 
English Law Security Deed ................................ 99 
Equivalent FX Forward Points Bloomberg Fixing 99 
Equivalent FX Forward Points Series Counterparty 
Fixing ................................................................ 100 
Equivalent FX Price Source Disruption .............. 99 
Equivalent FX Spot Bloomberg Fixing ............... 99 
Equivalent FX Spot Series Counterparty Fixing 100 
ERISA ................................................................ 10 
ETC Securities ............................. 1, 100, 119, 166 
EUI ................................................................... 100 
EUR .................................................................... 12 
euro .................................................................... 12 
Euroclear .......................................................... 100 
Euronext Dublin ............................................ 3, 100 
Event of Default ........................................ 100, 161 
Event of Default Redemption Notice ........ 100, 161 
Extraordinary Event .......................................... 100 
Extraordinary Resolution .................................. 100 
Fallback FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time
 ................................................................. 101, 120 
Fallback FX Spot Scheduled Fixing Day .. 101, 120 
FCA .................................................................... 82 
Fee Account Custodian .............................. 15, 101 
Fee Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event ....... 101 
Final Metal Redemption Amount ........ 24, 101, 140 
Final Redemption Amount .................. 24, 101, 141 
Final Redemption Disposal Period ............. 24, 101 
Final Redemption Valuation Date ...... 24, 101, 140 
Final Terms .................................................. 1, 101 
Fitch ............................................................. 4, 101 
Force Majeure Disruption Event ............... 101, 148 
foreign passthru payments ............................... 212 
FTT ..................................................................... 49 
Fund ................................................................. 231 
FX ....................................................................... 71 
FX Benchmark Provider ........................... 101, 120 
FX Bid-Offer Spread Adjustment ...................... 126 
FX Business Day .............................................. 101 
FX Disruption Event .................................. 101, 148 
FX Forward Points .................................... 102, 120 
FX Forward Points Reference Level ......... 102, 120 
FX Forward Points Reference Level Fixing Time
 .................................................................. 102, 120 
FX Forward Points Reference Level Inaccuracy
 .......................................................................... 102 
FX Forward Points Reference Level Source ... 102, 
120 
FX Forward Reference Points ............................ 72 
FX Forward Reference Points Level ................... 71 
FX Hedged ETC Securities ............................... 102 
FX Hedging Factor ............................................ 125 
FX Hedging Fee Percentage .................... 102, 120 
FX Price Inaccuracy .......................................... 102 
FX Price Source Disruption ...................... 102, 121 
FX Spot Bid Reference Level ................... 102, 121 
FX Spot Bid Reference Level Source ....... 102, 122 
FX Spot Offer Reference Level................. 102, 122 
FX Spot Offer Reference Level Source .... 102, 122 
FX Spot Reference Level.................. 102, 122, 141 
FX Spot Reference Level Fixing Time ...... 102, 122 
FX Spot Reference Level Inaccuracy ............... 102 
FX Spot Reference Level Source ............. 103, 123 
FX Spot Reference Levels .................................. 72 
FX Spread ........................................................... 71 
FX Succession Event ........................................ 103 
FX Tom Reference Level ...................... 71, 72, 126 
FXadj .......................................................... 72, 127 
FXCost .............................................................. 127 
FXF ............................................................. 74, 125 
FXnext ........................................................ 72, 126 
FXPnL ......................................................... 73, 125 
FXPnLaccrued ............................................ 72, 126 
FXSpread .......................................................... 126 
GBP .................................................................... 12 
German Paying Agent ................................ 16, 103 
Global Securities ................................................. 20 
Global Security ................................................. 103 
Gold .................................................................. 103 
HMRC ................................................................. 47 
holder ........................................................ 103, 119 
ICSD Paying Agent ..................................... 17, 103 
IGAs .................................................................. 212 
Inaccuracy Valuation Day ................................. 103 
Initial Early Redemption Event.................. 103, 143 
Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security ........ 103 
Interest .............................................................. 103 
IRC .................................................................... 238 
Ireland ............................................................... 103 
Irish Law Secured Property .............................. 103 
Irish Law Security ............................................. 103 
Irish Law Security Deed .................................... 104 
IRS .................................................................... 237 
Issue Deed........................................................ 104 
Issue Price per ETC Security ............................ 104 
Issuer ...................................................... 1, 15, 104 
Issuer Call Redemption Event .................. 104, 143 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice ................. 104, 143

--- Page 261 ---
261 
  
Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption 
Event ........................................................ 104, 144 
Issuer Insolvency Event ..................... 20, 104, 161 
Issuer Redemption Notice ........................ 104, 144 
Issuer Series Fees and Expenses ................... 104 
Issuing Agent ............................................. 16, 104 
JPMAG ............................................................. 206 
JPMorgan ......................................................... 206 
JPY ..................................................................... 12 
K ....................................................................... 126 
LBMA ............................................................... 104 
LEI .................................................................... 204 
LGD gold bar ...................................................... 81 
LGD silver bar .................................................... 84 
Liquidity Event .......................................... 104, 148 
London Prices .................................................... 78 
London time ..................................................... 105 
Loss .................................................................. 105 
LPPM ............................................................... 105 
M ...................................................... 127, 128, 129 
Ma .................................................................... 125 
Master Agency Terms ...................................... 105 
Master Balancing Terms .................................. 105 
Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts . 105 
Master Custody Terms for the Subscription 
Account ............................................................ 105 
Master Custody Terms for the Subscription/Buy-
Back Fee Account ............................................ 105 
Master Determination Agent Terms ................. 105 
Master English Law Security Terms ................. 105 
Master Irish Law Security Terms ...................... 105 
Master Metal Agent Terms ............................... 105 
Master Programme Administrator Terms ......... 106 
Master Terms and Conditions .......................... 106 
Master Trust Terms .......................................... 106 
Maturity Postponement Notice ................. 106, 150 
Maximum Base Fee Percentage .............. 106, 123 
Maximum Costs Amount .................................. 106 
Maximum FX Hedging Fee Percentage ........... 106 
mBid ................................................................. 127 
MCAA ............................................................... 218 
Member ............................................................ 106 
Metal .......................................................... 17, 106 
Metal Agent ................................................ 15, 106 
Metal Agent Agreement ............................. 17, 106 
Metal Agent Bankruptcy Event ......................... 106 
Metal Business Day ......................................... 107 
Metal Currency ................................................. 107 
Metal Disruption Event ............................. 107, 148 
Metal Entitlement FX Differential ...................... 196 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security . 107, 124, 141 
Metal Reference Price ...................... 107, 123, 141 
Metal Reference Price Bid Spread ................... 127 
Metal Reference Price Fixing Time .......... 107, 123 
Metal Reference Price Offer Spread ................ 127 
Metal Reference Price Source ................. 107, 123 
Metal Reference Price Source Disruption 107, 148 
MiFID II ................................................................. 3 
MiFID II Regulations ......................................... 248 
Minimum Debt Principal Amount ........ 24, 107, 141 
mOffer .............................................................. 127 
Moody’s ........................................................ 4, 107 
Net Sale Proceeds .................................... 107, 141 
NGN .................................................................. 107 
Non-Defaulting Party .......................... 93, 107, 197 
Non-exempt Offer ............................................. 247 
Non-Permitted Transferee ................................ 245 
Non-United States person ................................ 245 
Obligor .............................................................. 107 
OECD ......................................................... 49, 107 
offer of ETC Securities to the public ................. 247 
OTC .................................................................... 78 
Other Creditor ................................................... 107 
Other Creditors ................................................. 166 
Other Issuer Obligation ..................................... 107 
Other Issuer Obligations ........................... 107, 166 
outstanding ....................................................... 107 
Palladium .......................................................... 108 
Participating Member States ............................... 49 
Paying Agent .............................................. 16, 108 
Payment Business Day ..................................... 108 
Permitted Transferee ........................................ 244 
PFP ........................................................... 124, 125 
Plan ..................................................................... 10 
Plan Assets ......................................................... 10 
Plan Assets Regulation....................................... 10 
Platinum ............................................................ 108 
Potential Event of Default ................................. 108 
pounds sterling ................................................... 12 
PRA .................................................................... 82 
Price Source ..................................................... 108 
Principal ............................................................ 108 
Privacy Notice ................................................... 205 
Proceedings .............................................. 108, 176 
Product Fee ...................................................... 108 
Product Fee Deduction Factor .................. 109, 124 
Product Fee Percentage ........................... 109, 124 
Programme ............................................. 1, 15, 109 
Programme Administrator ........................... 15, 109 
Programme Administrator Agreement .............. 109 
Programme Administrator Bankruptcy Event.... 109 
Programme Administrator Breach .................... 154 
Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities
 .......................................................................... 109 
Prospectus Regulation.................................. 3, 250 
proxy ................................................................. 180 
Purchaser’s Currency ......................................... 41 
Rating Agencies................................................ 109 
Rating Agency .................................................. 109 
Recast Insolvency Regulation ............................ 33 
Redemption Disposal Period ............................ 109 
Reference FX Forward Points Bloomberg Screen
 .......................................................................... 109 
Reference FX Spot Bloomberg Screen ............ 109 
Reference Rate........................................... 65, 109 
Reference Rate Cessation................................ 110 
Reference Rate Event ...................................... 110 
Reference Rate Event Notice ................... 110, 151 
Refinitiv ................................................................. 8 
Register ................................................................ 8 
Regulation S ............................................... 10, 244 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments..... 110, 167 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate
 .................................................................. 110, 167

--- Page 262 ---
262 
  
Regulatory Requirement Event ........................ 110 
Relevant Association ........................................ 111 
Relevant Clearing System ................................ 111 
Relevant Disrupted Day ........................... 111, 150 
Relevant Effective Date .................................... 246 
Relevant Member State ................................... 247 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................... 111 
Relevant Period ................................................ 111 
Relevant Provisions ......................................... 111 
Relevant Regulatory Law ................................. 111 
Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date ....... 112 
Relevant Standard Deviation ........................... 112 
Relevant Standard Deviation Multiplier ............ 113 
Relevant Stock Exchange ................................ 113 
Relevant Territory ............................................. 210 
Replacement Details Notice ..................... 113, 152 
Replacement Reference Rate .................... 59, 113 
resident of the United States ............................ 246 
RIS ................................................................... 113 
Rules .................................................................... 5 
S ............................................................... 127, 129 
S&P .............................................................. 4, 113 
Scheduled Early Redemption Date .... 25, 113, 141 
Scheduled Maturity Date .................... 18, 113, 141 
Scheduled Valuation Day ................................. 113 
SEC .................................................................. 246 
Secondary Early Redemption Event ........ 113, 143 
Section 110 ........................................................ 34 
Secured Account .............................................. 113 
Secured Account Custodian ....................... 15, 113 
Secured Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event 113 
Secured Agent Rights .............................. 114, 166 
Secured Allocated Account ........................ 16, 114 
Secured Assets ........................................ 114, 166 
Secured Balancing Agreement Rights ..... 114, 166 
Secured Creditor .............................................. 114 
Secured Creditors ............................................ 166 
Secured Issuer Obligation ................................ 114 
Secured Issuer Obligations ...................... 114, 166 
Secured Property ..................................... 114, 166 
Secured Unallocated Account .................... 16, 114 
Securities Act ............................................... 9, 114 
Security ............................................................ 114 
Security Deed ................................................... 114 
Security Deeds ................................................. 114 
Securityholder .................................... 11, 114, 119 
Selling Restrictions ........................................... 244 
Series ............................................................... 114 
Series Cash Account .................................. 15, 115 
Series Counterparty ........................................... 15 
Series Counterparty FX Forward Points Mid Rate 
Difference ......................................................... 115 
Series Counterparty Spot Mid Rate Difference 115 
Series Issue Date ................................. 67, 70, 115 
Series Overheads ............................................ 115 
Silver ................................................................ 115 
Similar Law ......................................................... 10 
special quorum resolution ................................ 179 
Specified Currency ................................... 115, 141 
Specified Interest Amount ........................ 115, 141 
specified office ................................................. 116 
Standard FX Spot Scheduled Fixing Day . 116, 124 
sterling ................................................................ 12 
Stock Exchange Tax Representative ................ 219 
Sub-Custodian .................................................. 116 
Sub-Custody Agreement .................................. 116 
Subscription Account ........................................ 116 
Subscription Account Custodian ................. 15, 116 
Subscription Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event
 .......................................................................... 116 
Subscription Order ............................................ 116 
Subscription Settlement Account ........................ 16 
Subscription Settlement Amount ................ 16, 116 
Subscription Settlement Date ........................... 116 
Subscription Trade Date ................................... 117 
Subscription/Buy-Back Fee Account .......... 16, 116 
Substituted Obligor ................................... 117, 164 
Successor Price Source ........................... 117, 151 
Successor Reference Rate ....................... 117, 151 
Sum FXPnLaccrued .......................................... 125 
Suspension Event ............................................. 117 
Suspension Notice ............................................ 160 
Suspension Period.............................. 45, 117, 160 
swap agreement ............................................... 210 
TARGET Settlement Day .................................. 117 
TARGET System .............................................. 117 
Tax .................................................................... 117 
TCA ................................................................... 210 
Termination Event Redemption Event ...... 117, 146 
Termination Event Redemption Notice ..... 117, 146 
Theoretical FX Forward Points Mid Rate 
Difference ......................................................... 117 
Theoretical Spot Mid Rate Difference ............... 117 
Trading Unit .............................................. 117, 141 
Tranche ............................................................. 117 
Tranche Issue Date .......................................... 117 
Transaction Document ...................................... 117 
Transaction Documents .................................... 118 
Transaction Party .............................................. 118 
Trust Deed ........................................................ 118 
Trustee ........................................................ 15, 118 
U.S. dollars ......................................................... 12 
U.S. person ....................................................... 245 
U.S.$ ................................................................... 12 
UCITS Directive .................................................. 12 
Underlying ETC Securities .......................... 36, 200 
Underlying Metal ......................................... 17, 118 
United States .................................................... 244 
USD .................................................................... 12 
Valuation Day ................................................... 118 
Value per ETC Security ............................ 118, 128 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Level.. 118, 145 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice
 .................................................................. 118, 145 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption 
Event ......................................................... 118, 146 
VAT ................................................................... 118 
VAT Redemption Event ............................ 118, 146 
VAT Redemption Event Notice ................. 118, 146 
voting certificate ................................................ 178 
VpS ........................................................... 125, 128 
Weekday ........................................................... 118 
Year-End Period ................................. 39, 119, 150 
YF ............................................................. 124, 125

--- Page 263 ---
263 
  
Yield Factor .............................................. 124, 125

--- Page 264 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Xtrackers ETC plc 
Fourth Floor 
3 George’s Dock 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 Ireland 
 
PROGRAMME ADMINISTRATOR 
DWS International GmbH  
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
TRUSTEE 
Wilmington Trust SP Services (Dublin) Limited 
Fourth Floor 
3 George’s Dock 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 Ireland 
 
ISSUING AGENT, DETERMINATION AGENT 
State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
78 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 Ireland 
 
GERMAN PAYING AGENT 
State Street International Bank GmbH 
Brienner Straße 59 
80333 Munich 
Deutschland 
 
SECURED ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN, SUBSCRIPTION ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN AND FEE ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. 
25 Bank Street 
E14 5JP 
London 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Programme Administrator as 
to English law 
to the Issuer as to Irish law 
to the Trustee as to Irish law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 D02 T380 
Ireland 
Walkers Ireland LLP 
The Exchange, George’s Dock 
IFSC, Dublin 1,  
Ireland 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 D02 T380 
Ireland