--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
OFFERINGS UNDER THE PROGRAMME ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
EITHER (1) QIBS (AS DEFINED BELOW) UNDER RULE 144A OR (2) PERSONS OTHER THAN 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OUTSIDE OF THE U.S. 
IMPORTANT:  You must read the following before continuing.  The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, accessing or 
making any other use of the Base Prospectus.  In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from 
the Bank as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR 
SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.  
SECURITIES OFFERED UNDER THE PROGRAMME HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (“REGULATION S”) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER.  ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART 
IS UNAUTHORISED.  FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.  
IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO 
PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES OFFERED THEREUNDER. 
Confirmation of your Representation:  In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus, investors must be 
either (1) Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIBs”) (within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the 
Securities Act) or (2) persons other than U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside of the U.S.  This Base 
Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, you 
shall be deemed to have represented to the Bank that (1) you and any customers you represent are either (a) 
QIBs or (b) outside of the U.S. and that the electronic mail address that you gave the Bank and to which this 
e-mail has been delivered is not located in the U.S. and (2) that you consent to delivery of such Base Prospectus 
by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver or disclose the contents of this 
Base Prospectus to any other person. 
The materials relating to the Programme do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form.  You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently, none 
of BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch 
International, MUFG Securities EMEA plc, Société Générale, and Standard Chartered Bank, as Dealers, or any 
person who controls any of them, nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of any of them or affiliate of 
any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base 
Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from 
any of the Dealers.

--- Page 2 ---
You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items.  Your use of this e-mail is at your 
own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of 
a destructive nature. 
This Base Prospectus is being distributed only to and directed only at (i) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of The Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”), (ii) high net worth bodies corporate falling within 
Article 49(2) of the Order and (iii) those persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be distributed (all such 
persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”).  This Base Prospectus is directed only at relevant 
persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.  Any investment or 
investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only to relevant persons and will be 
engaged in only with relevant persons.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
U.S.$11,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$11,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., a Turkish banking institution 
organised as a public joint stock company (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” 
and “Registered Notes”).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$11,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as 
described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to:  (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Group and the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis, and/or (b) one or more investors purchasing Notes directly from the Issuer.  References in this Base 
Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2023. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (“U.S. person”) except to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 
144A”) in a transaction satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A unless another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is 
available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  See “Form of the Notes” for a 
description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.  Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) (the “Regulated Market”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MIFID 
II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus.  Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the Regulated Market.  References in this Base 
Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes 
have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market.  The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, 
as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board of Türkiye (the “CMB”), in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the 
“Capital Markets Law”) of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) relating to capital markets, for the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of 
Türkiye. No Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes can be sold before the necessary approvals and an approved issuance 
certificate in respect of such Tranche are obtained from the CMB. The CMB approval and the issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) relating to the issuance 
of Notes based upon which any offering of the Notes will be conducted was obtained on 18 April 2024 by the CMB letter dated 22 April 2024 and 
numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-52826 (the “CMB Approval”), and a written approval (which may be in the form of a tranche issuance certificate) 
will be obtained from the CMB before any sale and issuance of the Notes. In order to issue any further tranche of Notes after 18 April 2025, the Bank 
will be required to renew its CMB Approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 18 April 
2025, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 18 April 2024 under the Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, 
the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and sold following 18 April 2024 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation (as defined 
in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of such Notes. As per 
the guidelines published by the CMB on 24 February 2022 with respect to green debt instruments, sustainable debt instruments, green lease certificates, 
sustainable lease certificates, in order to make sustainable or green issuances outside of Türkiye, the Issuer is required to obtain a separate approval from 
the CMB in addition to the CMB Approval. In addition to the BRSA and/or CMB Approval, but only to the extent (and in the form) required by applicable 
law, an approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the issue date of such Tranche, 
which date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The scope of the BRSA and CMB approvals might be amended and/or new 
approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time. 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax may apply to payments of interest on the Notes.  See “Taxation – Certain Turkish Tax Considerations”. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final 
Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland.  Copies of such Final Terms will 
also be published on Euronext Dublin’s website at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
The Programme has been rated BB- by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and B1 by Moody's Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s” and, together with 
Fitch, the “Rating Agencies”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch and Moody’s are credit rating agencies established in the United Kingdom

--- Page 4 ---
(“UK”) and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, ratings issued by each of Fitch and Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch and Moody’s are not established in the EEA and are not registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). However, the ratings given by each of Fitch and Moody’s to the Programme 
are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, respectively, in accordance with the CRA Regulation and have not 
been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH are established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by either Fitch or Moody’s or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Fitch or Moody’s, as the case may be. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, SOFR or TLREF (each as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) the administrator of EURIBOR, European 
Money Markets Institute, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”), and (ii) the administrator of SOFR and the administrator of TLREF are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 
36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the administrator of SOFR, 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”), and (ii) under the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the 
administrator of TLREF, Borsa İstanbul Index Directorate, are not currently required to obtain recognition or endorsement, or to benefit from an 
equivalence decision. 
Arrangers 
 
Citigroup  
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA 
Securities 
 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan  
MUFG  
 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 December 2024

--- Page 5 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers accept any responsibility for the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or for any statement inconsistent with this Base Prospectus 
made, or purported to be made, by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Programme.  Each 
Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability that it might otherwise have (whether in tort, contract 
or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or statements. 
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accept any responsibility for any environmental, 
social and/or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued or makes any representation or warranty or 
gives any assurance as to the suitability of any Notes issued under the Programme the proceeds of which 
(or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the financing and/or refinancing of loans 
in the Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined herein), to fulfil any environmental, social and/or sustainability 
criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined 
in “Risk Factors—In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as “Green”, “Social” 
and “Sustainable” Notes, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) 
might not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria”), any 
verification of whether the Eligible Loan Portfolio meets any eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Finance Framework (as referred to in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus) 
nor are they responsible for the impact or monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any such Notes (or 
amounts equal thereto). The Issuer's Sustainable Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion (each 
as referred to in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Use of Proceeds” below) and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/sustainability/detail/Sustainable-
Finance/847/2531/0 but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into, or form 
part of, this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation as to the suitability or content of such materials. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any 
affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to 
be made by that Dealer or its affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer 
or any of the Dealers.

--- Page 6 ---
(ii) 
 
 
This Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (i) are not intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and (ii) should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms.  Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus and make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor the relevant Final Terms 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued 
under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates shall be responsible for any act or omission of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes 
thereunder. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Belgium), the UK, the Republic of Türkiye, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), Hong 
Kong, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK.  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK

--- Page 7 ---
(iii) 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation”).  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-
N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16:  Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of QIBs 
(as defined under “Form of the Notes”) for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the 
purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme.  Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not 
authorised.  It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) or any 
other applicable exemption.  Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and

--- Page 8 ---
(iv) 
 
 
sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration 
requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or 
purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict 
the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”.  Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form 
of the Notes”. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing 
authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Potential investors that are U.S. persons should note that the issue date for a Tranche of Notes may be more than 
one business day (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+1”) following the trade date of such Notes.  
Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), of the United 
States, a trade in the United States in the secondary market generally is required to settle in one business day 
unless otherwise expressly agreed to by the parties at the time of the transaction.  Accordingly, investors who 
wish to trade interests in Notes in the United States on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business 
days will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will likely settle on a settlement cycle 
longer than T+1, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed 
settlement. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated 
21 December 2021 (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Deed Poll”) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such 
holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a 
reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of 
the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or 
other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the CMB described herein, have 
not been approved or disapproved by any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in any other 
jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) 
approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk 
of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 9 ---
(v) 
 
 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval and the approved issuance certificate required for the issuance of 
Notes under the Programme.  In addition to the CMB Approval and issuance certificate, a tranche issuance 
certificate in respect of each Tranche of Notes shall also be obtained by the Issuer prior to the issue date of such 
Tranche of Notes.  In order to issue any further tranche of Notes after 18 April 2025, the Bank will be required 
to renew its CMB approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period.  
Furthermore, until 18 April 2025, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold 
following 18 April 2024 under the Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain 
a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and 
when the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and sold following 18 April 2024 that meet the 
qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes.  The Issuer shall obtain all authorisations and approvals of the CMB necessary 
for the offer, sale and issue of each Tranche of Notes under the Programme, prior to such issue.  Consequently, 
the scope of the above-mentioned CMB Approval may be amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or 
the BRSA may be obtained from time to time.  Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes 
under the Programme has been authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32 on the Protection of the 
Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended from time to time, “Decree 32”), the Banking Act numbered 5411 
(the “Banking Law”) and its related legislation, the Capital Markets Law and Communiqué VII-128.8 on Debt 
Instruments (the “Communiqué on Debt Instruments”) or its related regulation.  In addition, the CMB introduced 
an amendment to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments on 18 February 2017 pursuant to which the Issuer is 
required to apply to the CMB through an electronic application platform before each sale and issuance of Notes 
to obtain the CMB’s approval in respect of each Tranche of Notes.  However, since the electronic application 
platform is yet to be established by the CMB as of the date of this Base Prospectus, a written approval for each 
Tranche of Notes shall be obtained by the Issuer prior to the issue date of such Tranche of Notes. 
As per the guidelines published by the CMB on 24 February 2022 with respect to green debt instruments, 
sustainable debt instruments, green lease certificates, sustainable lease certificates, in order to make sustainable 
or green issuances outside of Türkiye, the Issuer is required to obtain a separate approval from the CMB in 
addition to the CMB Approval. In addition to the BRSA and/or CMB Approval, but only to the extent (and in 
the form) required by applicable law, an approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required 
to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the issue date of such Tranche, which date will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The scope of the BRSA and CMB approvals might be amended 
and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time.

--- Page 10 ---
(vi) 
 
 
The Issuer shall obtain all authorisations and approvals of the CMB necessary for the offer, sale and issue of 
each Tranche of Notes under the Programme, prior to such issue. Consequently, the scope of the above-
mentioned CMB Approval may be amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA may be 
obtained from time to time. Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the 
Programme has been authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32 on the Protection of the Value of 
the Turkish Currency (as amended from time to time, “Decree 32”), the Banking Act numbered 5411 (the 
“Banking Law”) and its related legislation, the Capital Markets Law and Communiqué VII-128.8 on Debt 
Instruments (the “Communiqué on Debt Instruments”) or its related regulation. 
In addition, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of Türkiye in 
accordance with the CMB Approval.  Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has authorised the offering, sale and 
issue of any Notes on the condition that no sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be 
made by way of public offering or private placement in Türkiye.  For more information, see “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Türkiye”. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Issuer is required under Turkish law to notify the Central 
Registry Agency (Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu) within three Turkish business days from the issue date of any Notes 
of the amount, issue date, ISIN, first payment date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian, currency 
of the Notes and the country of issuance. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The Bank maintains its books and prepares its statutory financial statements in Turkish Lira in accordance with 
the prevailing accounting principles and standards set out as per Articles 37 and 38 of the Banking Law effective 
from 1 November 2005, the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102) (the “Turkish Commercial Code”) 
and Turkish tax legislation and other regulations, circulars, communiqués and pronouncements in respect of 
accounting and financial reporting and pronouncements made by the Banking Regulation and Supervision 
Agency (the “BRSA”) (collectively, the “BRSA Principles”). 
The Bank’s audited consolidated and unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 (the “Annual BRSA Financial Statements”) have been prepared 
and presented in accordance with the “Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding Banks’ 
Accounting Applications and Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 
1 November 2006 by the BRSA and other regulations on accounting records of banks published by the Banking 
Regulation and Supervision Board and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA and “Turkish 
Accounting Standards” (“TAS”) and “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” (“TFRS”) issued by the Public 
Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (“POA”) for those matters not regulated by the 
aforementioned regulations. 
The unaudited interim consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements as of and for the nine month period 
ended 30 September 2024 (with 30 September 2023 comparatives for the statement of profit or loss) and as of 
and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 comparatives for the 
statement of profit or loss) (together, the “Interim BRSA Financial Statements”) have been reviewed in 
accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim Financial 
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. The Interim BRSA Financial Statements and 
the Annual BRSA Financial Statements are referred to together in this Base Prospectus as the “BRSA Financial 
Statements”. 
The format and the details of the publicly announced financial statements and related disclosures to these 
statements have been prepared in accordance with the “Communiqué Related to Publicly Announced Financial 
Statements of Banks and Explanations and Notes Related to these Financial Statements” and changes and notes 
to this communiqué published in the Official Gazette No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012.  It is important to note that 
the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements are prepared with inclusion of only financial subsidiaries whereas 
other equity participations are included as noted below.  The Bank’s foreign affiliates maintain their books of 
account and prepare their financial statements in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles 
and the related legislation applicable in the countries in which they operate, however in order to provide fair

--- Page 11 ---
(vii) 
 
 
presentation according to TAS, necessary adjustments and reclassifications are reflected to those financial 
statements. 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under TFRS, the financial 
statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the 
effects of changes in a general price index. 
Due to rising inflation rates in Türkiye, companies reporting under International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods ending on and after June 30, 2022.  
However, on 20 January 2022, the POA had stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any 
adjustments in their financial statements for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. 
On 23 November 2023, the POA announced that entities reporting under TFRS should begin implementing the 
TAS 29 and adjusting their financial statements for inflation, from periods ending on and after 31 December 
2023, subject to alternative timelines being set by applicable regulatory and auditing entities such as the BRSA 
and the CMB, with adjustments also applied to all periods presented in the financial statements.  On 12 
December 2023, the BRSA announced that the financial statements of banks and financial leasing, factoring, 
financing, savings financing and asset management companies as of 31 December 2023 will not be subject to 
the inflation adjustment required under TAS 29.  On 11 January 2024, the BRSA announced that such entities, 
including the Bank, will be required to implement inflation accounting and will be required to adjust historical 
periods presented in financial statements for all periods starting on or after 1 January 2025. However, on 5 
December 2024, the BRSA announced the reversal of such position so that such entities, including the Bank, 
will not apply inflation accounting in 2025 either. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the BRSA has not made any further announcements on if or when TAS 
29 will be applied by the BRSA under the BRSA Principles. The Bank closely monitors the application of TAS 
29 but cannot predict its impact on such financial statements. Under TAS 29, financial statements of an entity 
that reports in the currency of a hyperinflationary economy should be stated in terms of the measuring unit 
current balance sheet date.  Non-monetary items which are not already expressed in terms of the measuring unit 
current at the end of the reporting period and components of owners’ equity in the statement of financial 
position, and all items in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income would be indexed by 
applying a general price index.  In addition, gains or losses arising from net monetary position would be included 
in net income under a separate line item.  Related adjustments and reclassifications are expected to have an 
impact on the Bank’s future financial statements, results of operations and financial condition, with nominal 
growth rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly 
exceeding the rates as measured on a constant-currency basis.  The Bank’s margins may be impacted as a result 
of the application of TAS 29 which will therefore limit the visibility of the Bank’s past performance and make 
it more difficult for investors to analyse the Bank’s other historical results. 
Despite high levels of inflation in Türkiye in 2022, 2023 and the nine months ended 30 September 2024 inflation 
adjustments for such periods have not been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements herein, in accordance 
with TAS 29. 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses 
on a gross basis. Financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated 
for this change. Financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 has not been retrospectively restated 
for this change. 
Associates, subsidiaries and joint ventures are being carried at the equity method in the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Bank starting from 30 June 2015.  Any valuation differences arising from prior years are 
recorded as “marketable securities valuation differences” under equity and any valuation differences arising 
from current years are recorded in the income statement.  This accounting policy change was performed through 
an early adoption before the effective date of 1 January 2016 in accordance with the change of “Standard on 
Stand-alone Financial Statement (TAS 27)” numbered 29321 on 9 April 2015 and confirmation by the BRSA’s 
letter numbered 10686 on 14 July 2015. 
The Bank appointed PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited) (“PwC”) as its independent auditor effective as of 1 January

--- Page 12 ---
(viii) 
 
 
2017 and for a term of three years.  The Bank renewed PwC’s appointment as independent auditor for additional 
terms of one year each, effective 1 January 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
PwC audited and issued independent auditors’ reports with respect to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements 
as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 in accordance with 
the “Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks” published by the BRSA in the Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 
2 April 2015 and the Standards on Independent Auditing that are part of the Turkish Auditing Standards 
promulgated by the POA.  See convenience translations in English of PwC’s reports incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to the rotation practice set out in Article 400(2) of the Turkish Commercial Code as well as all other 
obligations required for the auditors under the Capital Markets Law, relevant regulation of the BRSA and other 
applicable regulations; the Bank is required to rotate its external auditors every seven years.  In compliance with 
this requirement, Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of 
Ernst & Young Global Limited) (“EY”) was appointed as the Bank’s independent auditor for the financial year 
ending 31 December 2024 at the Bank’s General Shareholders’ Meeting on 29 March 2024. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2024, 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, have been reviewed by EY, as stated in their review report 
incorporated by reference herein. 
References to “BRSA financial data” in this Base Prospectus are to financial data prepared in accordance with 
BRSA Principles. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented herein is based upon the BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference herein and have been extracted from the BRSA Financial Statements 
without material adjustment.  The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, all of which are in English, were prepared as convenience translations of the BRSA Financial 
Statements originally issued in the Turkish language (which translations the Bank confirms were direct and 
accurate).  The English language BRSA Financial Statements were not prepared for the purpose of their 
inclusion in this Base Prospectus. 
As the Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements, including in its communications with 
investors, the financial statements included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus have not been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS.  For a discussion of the main differences between the BRSA Financial 
Statements and IFRS, see “Appendix 1—Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA 
Accounting Principles”. 
Certain figures included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments (e.g., certain U.S. dollar amounts have been rounded to the nearest million).  Accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for statements and data concerning the Bank and its business are based 
upon best estimates and assumptions of the Bank’s management.  Management believes that these assumptions 
are reasonable and that its estimates have been prepared with due care.  The data concerning the Bank included 
herein, whether based upon external sources or based upon the Bank’s internal research, constitute the best 
current estimates of the information described. 
The contents of any website referenced herein do not form part of (and are not incorporated into) this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
For the convenience of the reader, certain figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at: 
 
the rate of TL 34.1210 = U.S.$1.00 as of 30 September 2024, 
 
the rate of TL 29.4382 = U.S.$1.00 as of 31 December 2023, 
 
the rate of TL 18.6983 = U.S.$1.00 as of 31 December 2022,

--- Page 13 ---
(ix) 
 
 
 
the rate of TL 12.9775 = U.S.$1.00 as of 31 December 2021, 
 
the average rate of TL 32.2299 = U.S.$1.00 for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, 
 
the average rate of TL 22.1887 = U.S.$1.00 for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, 
 
the average rate of TL 23.7776 = U.S.$1.00 for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
 
the average rate of TL 16.5516 = U.S.$1.00 for the year ended 31 December 2022, and 
 
the average rate of TL 8.8557 = U.S.$1.00 for the year ended 31 December 2021 
each of which corresponds with the Bank’s published exchange rate as of such date as disclosed in the BRSA 
Financial Statements, or with the average of the Bank’s published exchange rate for such period, as applicable.  
Such translations should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been or could have been 
converted into U.S. dollars at any particular rate or at all. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Group’s consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements presented in accordance with 
BRSA Principles, the Group uses certain ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus that would be 
considered non-GAAP financial measures (including through incorporation by reference) or “alternative 
performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015.  The ESMA Guidelines provide 
that an APM is understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial 
position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting 
framework.” The ESMA Guidelines also note that they do not apply to APMs “disclosed in accordance with 
applicable legislation, other than the applicable financial reporting framework, that sets out specific 
requirements governing the determination of such measures.” 
Any APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not in accordance with or an alternative to measures prepared 
in accordance with BRSA Principles and may be different from similarly titled measures used by other 
companies.  The Bank’s management believes that this information, when considered in conjunction with 
measures reported under the BRSA Principles, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring 
the organic operating performance in the periods presented and enhances investors’ overall understanding of 
the Group’s financial performance.  In addition, these measures are used in internal management of the Group, 
along with the most directly comparable financial measures reported under BRSA Principles, in measuring the 
Group’s performance and comparing it to the performance of its competitors.  In addition, because the Group 
has historically reported certain APMs to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of APMs 
in this Base Prospectus provides consistency in the Group’s financial reporting and thus improves investors’ 
ability to assess the Group’s trends and performance over multiple periods.  APMs should not be considered in 
isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with BRSA Principles.  
APMs as reported by the Group may not be comparable to similarly titled amounts reported by other companies. 
For the Group, measures that might be considered to be APMs in this Base Prospectus (including pursuant to 
any supplement hereto) (and that are not defined or specified by the BRSA Principles or any other legislation 
applicable to the Group) include (without limitation) the following (such terms being used in this Base 
Prospectus as defined below): 
Cost to average total assets:  For a particular period, this is:  (a) the total operating expenses excluding 
insurance expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period.  When 
determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying 
the result by 12 divided by the number of months in such period. 
Cost-to-income ratio:  For a particular period, this is:  (a) the cost, which is the total operating expenses 
excluding insurance expenses, for such period as a percentage of (b) the income, which is calculated as 
the total operating income for such period plus profit/loss from associates accounted for using the equity 
method and minus insurance expenses for such period.

--- Page 14 ---
(x) 
 
 
Cumulative swap adjusted net interest margin:  For a particular period, this is:  (a)(i) the Bank-only net 
interest income for such period, plus (ii) the Bank-only net interest income relating to swap transactions, 
as a percentage of (b) the Bank-only average interest-earning assets.  When determined for a period 
shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided 
by the number of months in such period. 
Swap adjusted net interest margin:  For a particular period, this is:  (a)(i) the Bank-only net interest 
income for such period, plus (ii) the Bank-only net interest income relating to swap transactions, as a 
percentage of (b) the Bank-only average interest-earning assets.  When determined for a period shorter 
than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided by the 
number of months in such period. 
Non-performing loan ratio (“NPL ratio”):  As of a particular date, this is:  (a) the NPLs as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the aggregate amount of cash loans and receivables (performing) and the NPLs 
as of such date.  Where the NPL ratio is referenced solely with respect to a category of loans (e.g., the 
NPL ratio of small medium enterprise (“SME”) loans), then this ratio is calculated solely with respect 
to such category of loans. 
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity:  For a particular period, this is:  (a) the net income 
(when calculated for the Group, excluding minority shares) for such period as a percentage of (b) the 
average shareholders’ equity (determined on a quarterly basis and, when calculated for the Group, 
excluding minority shares) for such period.  When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this 
is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided by the number of months in 
such period. 
Return on Assets:  For a particular period, this is:  (a) net profit from continuing operations, divided by 
(b) the average of (i) total assets at the end of the period and (ii) total assets at the beginning of the 
period. 
Net cost of risk:  For a particular period, this is:  (a) expected credit losses, minus (b) collections 
including specific provision reversals, and minus (c) expected credit loss hedging, all divided by (d) 
total gross loans. 
Stage 2 loans to performing loans ratio:  As of a particular date, this is:  (a) the Stage 2 loans as of such 
date as a percentage of (b) the aggregate amount of cash loans and receivables (performing) as of such 
date. 
Total securities portfolio:  As of a particular date, this is the sum of:  (a) the financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss, (b) the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and (c) 
the other financial assets measured at amortised cost as of such date. 
Total Stage 3 coverage ratio:  As of a particular date, this is:  (a) the sum of the expected credit losses 
for Stage 1 assets, Stage 2 assets and Stage 3 assets as of such date as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as 
of such date. 
Fees divided by operating costs:  As of a particular date, this is:  (a) net fee and commission income as 
of such date as a percentage of (b) the sum of other operating expenses and personnel expenses, as 
adjusted with the subtraction of pension fund provision expenses, each as of such date. 
For any annualised figures calculated for a year, there can be no guarantee, and the Bank does not represent or 
predict, that actual results for the full year will equal or exceed the annualised figure and actual results might 
vary materially. 
Reconciliations for certain items listed above (to the extent that any of such items are APMs) to the applicable 
financial statements are not included as they are not required by the ESMA Guidelines in these circumstances, 
including as a result of Article 29 thereof where the items described in the APM are directly identifiable from 
the financial statements (e.g., where an applicable APM is merely a calculation of one item in the financial 
statements as a percentage of another item in the financial statements).

--- Page 15 ---
(xi) 
 
 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used in the calculations of the terms defined above (such 
terms being used in this Base Prospectus as they are defined below except to the extent specifically stated 
otherwise): 
Average interest-earning assets:  For a particular period, this is, for the purpose of the calculation of 
“swap adjusted net interest margin,” the sum of the quarterly averages of loans and receivables 
(performing), total securities portfolio, banks and money market placements calculated, for each such 
item, by averaging the amount of such item as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the 
commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each 
intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable). 
Average shareholders’ equity:  For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the amount of 
shareholders’ equity (when calculated for the Group, excluding minority shares) as of the balance sheet 
date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December 
of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 
31 December, as applicable) or year-end date, as applicable. 
Average total assets:  For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the amount of total assets 
as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any 
calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 
30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable) or year-end date, as applicable. 
Investment securities portfolio:  As of a particular date, this is:  (a) the financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income as of such date plus (b) the financial assets measured at amortised 
cost as of such date. 
Total operating income:  For a particular period, this is the gross profit from operating activities for 
such period minus the personnel expenses for such period. 
Expected credit losses are calculated based upon a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (the present 
value of all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial asset.  A cash shortfall is the difference 
between the cash flows that are due based upon the contract and the cash flows that are expected to be received.  
The calculation of expected credit losses per each stage is summarised below: 
Stage 1:  12-month expected credit loss represents the expected credit losses that result from default 
events on a financial asset that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date and are 
calculated as the portion of lifetime expected credit losses.  This 12-month expected credit loss is 
calculated based upon a probability of default realised within 12 months after the reporting date.  This 
expected 12-month probability of default is applied on an expected exposure at default, multiplied by 
the loss at a given default rate and discounted with the original effective interest rate. 
Stage 2:  When a financial asset has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, an 
allowance for the lifetime expected credit losses is calculated for such financial asset.  It is similar to 
the description for Stage 1, but the probability of default and the loss at a given default rate are estimated 
through the life of the financial asset.  Estimated cash shortfalls are discounted by using the original 
effective interest rate. 
Stage 3:  For financial assets considered to be impaired, the lifetime expected credit losses are 
calculated.  This methodology is similar to Stage 2 and the probability of default is taken into account 
as 100%. 
The Bank’s management believes that these APMs, when considered in conjunction with measures under BRSA 
Principles, enhance investors’ and management’s overall understanding of the Group’s current financial 
performance.  In addition, because the Group has historically reported certain APMs to investors, the Bank’s 
management believes that the inclusion of APMs provides consistency in the Group’s financial reporting.

--- Page 16 ---
(xii) 
 
 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
“Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the Republic of Türkiye; 
 
“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
 
“U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars; 
 
“Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC which, for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan; and 
 
“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts in this Base Prospectus are presented in Turkish Lira. 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of 
Information in this Base Prospectus 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Bank” means Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis and “Group” means 
the Bank and its subsidiaries (and with respect to accounting information, its consolidated entities) unless the 
context otherwise requires. 
In this Base Prospectus, any reference to Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s 
competitors has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information.  
Where third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified.  The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduction of this information inaccurate or misleading.  Without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing statement, third-party information in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been 
independently verified by the Bank or any other party. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.  In particular, but without limitation, the titles of Turkish legislation and the names of Turkish 
institutions referenced herein have been translated from Turkish into English.  The translation of these titles and 
names are direct and accurate. 
The Issuer has derived substantially all of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the 
Turkish market and its competitors, which may include estimates or approximations, from publicly available 
information, including press releases and filings made under various securities laws.  Unless otherwise 
indicated, all data relating to the Turkish banking sector in this Base Prospectus has been obtained from the 
BRSA’s website at www.bddk.org.tr and the Banks’ Association of Türkiye’s website at www.tbb.org.tr and 
all data relating to the Turkish economy, including statistical data, has been obtained from the website of the 
Turkish Statistical Institute (Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.turkstat.gov.tr, the Central Bank 
of the Republic of Türkiye (the “Central Bank” or “CBRT”) website at www.tcmb.gov.tr and the Turkish

--- Page 17 ---
(xiii) 
 
 
Treasury’s website at www.hazine.gov.tr.  Data has been downloaded/observed on various days between the 
months of January 2024 and November 2024 and may be the result of calculations made by the Issuer and 
therefore may not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere.  Such websites do not form a 
part of, and are not incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for 
statements and data concerning the Issuer and its business are based on best estimates and assumptions of the 
Issuer’s management.  Management believes that these assumptions are reasonable and that its estimates have 
been prepared with due care.  The data concerning the Issuer included herein, whether based on external sources 
or based on the Issuer’s management internal research, constitute the best current estimates of the information 
described. 
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, 
although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, may vary from 
source to source.  Where information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that 
the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and 
completeness of such information is not guaranteed. 
Certain information under the heading “Book-Entry Clearing Systems” has been extracted from information 
provided by the clearing systems referred to therein.  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant clearing systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
Information regarding the Bank’s shareholders (including ownership levels and agreements) in “Overview of 
the Group and the Programme – The Group”, “Business of the Bank” and “Share Capital and Ownership” has 
been based upon public filings and announcements by such shareholders. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through over-allotment or 
otherwise) issue more Notes than have been approved by the CMB. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains statements that may be considered to be “forward-looking statements” as that 
term is defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements appear 
in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, under “Risk Factors”, 
“Use of Proceeds”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations”, “Business of the Bank” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, and include, but are not limited to, 
statements regarding: 
 
strategy and objectives; 
 
trends affecting the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition; 
 
expectations with respect to macroeconomic conditions and financial and currency markets, including 
future developments regarding inflation and foreign exchange rates; 
 
asset portfolios;

--- Page 18 ---
(xiv) 
 
 
 
loan loss reserve; 
 
capital adequacy; 
 
legal proceedings; 
 
macroeconomic policy, such as with respect to central bank interest rates and central bank policies 
impacting the Bank; 
 
competitive advantages or pressures; 
 
future growth and expansion; 
 
the impact of rating actions; 
 
future regulatory developments in the Turkish banking industry; 
 
the Bank’s exposure to market volatility; and 
 
environmental and social governance goals. 
The forward-looking statements may also be identified by words such as “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, 
“projects”, “intends”, “should”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “probability”, “target”, “goal”, “objective”, “future” or 
similar expressions or variations on such expressions. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and assumptions, see “Risk Factors” for 
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking 
statements. 
You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.  The Bank does not have any intention 
or obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information, future events or matters that may 
cause the forward-looking events the Bank discusses in this Base Prospectus not to occur or to occur in a manner 
different from what the Bank expects.

--- Page 19 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Group and the Programme ........................................................................................................ 1 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ........................................................................................... 49 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................. 49 
Form of the Notes .............................................................................................................................................. 54 
Book-Entry Clearing Systems ........................................................................................................................... 57 
Applicable Final Terms ..................................................................................................................................... 61 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................... 76 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................................... 120 
Selected Financial Informatıon ........................................................................................................................ 122 
Capitalisation of the Bank ............................................................................................................................... 127 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .......................... 128 
Selected Statistical And Other Information ..................................................................................................... 176 
Business of the Bank ....................................................................................................................................... 188 
Risk Management ............................................................................................................................................ 221 
Management .................................................................................................................................................... 243 
Share Capital and Ownership .......................................................................................................................... 253 
Related Party Transactions .............................................................................................................................. 255 
Turkish Banking System ................................................................................................................................. 258 
Turkish Regulatory Environment .................................................................................................................... 260 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................................................... 306 
Certain ERISA Considerations ........................................................................................................................ 318 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions .......................................................................... 320 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................ 332 
Appendix 1 ...................................................................................................................................................... 335 
Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles ................................ 336

--- Page 20 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP AND THE PROGRAMME 
Overview of the Bank 
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed 
information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the Financial Statements.  Prospective 
investors should see “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain factors that should be considered in connection 
with an investment in the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Overview 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full-service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Türkiye.  It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking Law 
and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 September 
2024, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets and ranked fourth among private 
banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 15.9% 
market share among private banks and an 8.4% market share in the overall banking sector (compared with a 
market share of 8.1% as of 31 December 2023, 8.2% as of 31 December 2022 and 8.3% as of 31 December 
2021), and fourth among private banks in total deposits with a 14.4% market share (compared with a market 
share of 14.3% as of 31 December 2023, 15.2% as of 31 December 2022 and 14.3% as of 31 December 2021).  
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had 773 branches covering all regions of Türkiye (which includes one 
branch in Bahrain).  It maintains market leading positions in key segments and products supported by its strong 
franchise, large network and leading brand.  The Group is organised into three segments: (i) retail banking, 
(ii) corporate and commercial banking and (iii) private banking and wealth management.  The Bank’s service 
model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries.  The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa 
Istanbul. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank held a 19.2% market share among private banks in credit card outstanding 
volume according to the BRSA statistics.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank also had strong positions in 
mutual funds (with a 8.9% market share), and non-cash loans (among private banks the Bank held a 20% market 
share, as of 30 September 2024, according to the BRSA statistics). 
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking. In line with the Bank’s small-ticket focused strategy, the 
shares of retail loans (including of SMEs) reached 54% as of the nine months ended 30 September 2024.  Retail 
banking products and services offered to customers include card payment systems, consumer loans (including 
general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), commercial installment loans, SME loans, SME banking 
packages, time and demand deposits, gold banking, investment accounts, life and non-life insurance products 
and payroll services.  In addition, the Bank offers privileges to customers who receive their monthly salary or 
social security institution (“SSI”) payments through the Bank.  Card payment systems includes the management 
of products, services, campaigns for member merchants as well as the sales and activities for a variety of 
customer types.  The Bank’s “World” brand and shopping and marketing platform of the Bank includes card 
brands known as “Crystal”, “Play”, “Adios” and “Taksitçi” that provide services for the Bank’s different 
segments.  Through its private banking activities, the Bank serves high net worth customers and delivers 
investment products to this customer segment.  Among the products and services offered to Private Banking 
customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products—such as forwards, futures and 
options—in domestic and international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, 
pension plans, insurance products and 7/24 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services.  Also, personal advisory 
services (for example, with respect to art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) are offered 
within the private banking and wealth management activities.  Customers are also provided with investment 
advisory and portfolio management services through the Group’s portfolio management and brokerage 
subsidiaries. 
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for its own account and for 
the account of its customers.

--- Page 21 ---
2 
 
 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye (third largest among private 
banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 773 branches spread throughout Türkiye, including 
one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.2% market share of branches in overall banking sector).  
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of Limitless 
Banking channels including 5,427 automatic teller machines (“ATMs”), 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs 
with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye, achieving a 10.1% market share 
according to the Interbank Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 14.4 million customers as of 30 
September 2024, a leading position in mobile banking with 14.2 million customers as of 30 September 2024, as 
well as three award winning call centres, according to the Turkish Banking Association.  See “—Distribution—
Limitless Banking”.   
As of 30 September 2024, the Group had 15,827 employees, of which 14,911 were employees of the Bank 
(representing 7.9% market share).  This compares to 15,954, 16,339 and 16,313 employees as of 31 December 
2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 respectively, of which 15,009, 15,431 and 15,452 were 
employees of the Bank.  Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, 
Azerbaijan and a branch in Bahrain.  The Group had total assets of TL 2,489.8 billion (U.S.$ 72.9 billion) as of 
30 September 2024, compared with TL 1,863.3 billion as of 31 December 2023, TL 1,184.2 billion as of 31 
December 2022 and TL 780.8 billion as of 31 December 2021. 
According to the consolidated Interim BRSA Financial Statements for the nine-month period ended 30 
September 2024, the Group had gross profit from operating activities of TL 107,860 million (U.S.$3,347 
million) compared to TL 156,639 million (U.S.$6,588 million) for the year ended 31 December 2023 (restated 
to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis).  For the period ended 30 September 
2024, the Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 52.4% and operating cost growth was 77.3% year-over-year, 
compared to 30.8% and 106%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2023 (restated to report reversals 
of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis).  For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s 
costs divided by average assets ratio was 3.2% versus 2.4% as of 31 December 2022.  The Group’s fees divided 
by operating costs ratio reached 78.2% in the year ended 31 December 2023 versus 66.5% as of 31 December 
2022.  The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth.  A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class 
profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
The Group’s net profit was TL 22,407 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 16.4% 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, compared with TL 68,010 million and 45.1% for the year ended 
31 December 2023, TL 52,745 million and 56.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022 and TL 10,490 million 
and 19.6% for the year ended 31 December 2021.  The banking sector’s return on average tangible shareholders’ 
equity was 24.8%, 34.1%, 40.2% and 14.0% for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022, and 31 December 2021, respectively, according to data from the BRSA’s 
monthly bulletin.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s return on assets ratio was at 1.4%, compared to 4.5% 
as of 31 December 2023, 5.4% as of 31 December 2022 and 1.7% as of 31 December 2021. 
As of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 17.7% (or 15.8% without Temporary Forbearances), 20.3%, 21.3% and 18.7%, respectively, 
on a Bank-only basis (in this paragraph, figures for 31 December 2022 and thereafter are presented taking into 
account the impact of Temporary Forbearances, except where stated otherwise).  As of 30 September 2024, 31, 
December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Bank’s common equity tier-1 ratio was 13.7% 
(or 12.0% without Temporary Forbearances), 16.6%, 17.5% and 13.8%, respectively, on a Bank-only basis.  On 
a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 16.7% (or 14.8% without Temporary 
Forbearances), 19.1%, and 19.9% and 17.6% as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021, respectively, while common equity Tier-1 ratios were 12.9% (or 11.2% without 
Temporary Forbearances), 15.6%, 16.3% and 13.02% as of the same dates.  The banking sector’s capital 
adequacy ratios stood at 17.7%, 18.4%, 19.2%, and 18.1% as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, respectively.

--- Page 22 ---
3 
 
 
Organisation 
The Bank’s operations are carried out through three main segments:  (a) retail banking (including credit cards, 
individual banking), (b) corporate banking, and (c) commercial and SME banking.  The Bank’s service model 
is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries. 
Principal Shareholder 
The Bank’s controlling shareholder is the Koç Group, which as of 30 September 2024 holds a 61.17% stake. 
Approximately 39% of the Bank’s shares are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders.  See “Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business— The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has 
business with related parties” and “Share Capital and Ownership—Ownership.” 
Key Competitive Advantages 
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages that enable it to 
compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including: 
 
Leading market positions in key segments and products; 
 
Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet; 
 
Large network and leading brand; 
 
Strong commitment to risk management; 
 
Diversified, high quality revenue mix; and 
 
Strong and committed significant shareholder. 
Strategy 
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its goal of becoming a 
leader in the finance sector.  The Bank’s mission is to ensure long term sustainable growth and value creation 
for all stakeholders and to become the first choice for customers and employees. 
Principles 
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles: 
 
healthy and consistent growth; 
 
strong and sustainable profitability; and 
 
superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction.

--- Page 23 ---
4 
 
 
The Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identified (LEI): 
B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors, which are material for assessing 
the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme and 
risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme.  All of these are set out under “Risk 
Factors” 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Bank plc 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Merrill Lynch International 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
or such other Dealers as may be appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer or appoint further dealers for a particular Series of Notes. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).

--- Page 24 ---
5 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$11,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the 
United States) public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated and payments in respect of the Notes may 
be made in euro, Renminbi, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Turkish Lira or 
any other currency as set out in the conditions and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, payment in respect of 
Notes denominated in Turkish Lira and may be made in 
U.S. dollars under Condition 7.10 if an irrevocable election to 
receive such payment in U.S. dollars is made.  See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Condition7.10”. 
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be 
made in U.S. dollars if RMB Currency Events are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs.  See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 7.9”. 
Maturities: 
The maturity of the Notes shall be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in accordance with such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in “Form of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, on redemption, will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions  
(each as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), and as amended 
and updated as at the issue date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 25 ---
6 
 
 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, as applicable, for a Series of Floating Rate 
Notes, subject to certain conditions the Issuer (following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser) or, in the case of 
SOFR, the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate or, in the case of SOFR, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
together, in the case of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, 
with the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 6.4 or, in the case of 
a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and related amendments in accordance 
with Condition 6.3(b). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at the price or prices specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in any denominations save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will not be less than such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
or offered to the public in a member state of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be not less than 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”), imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the

--- Page 26 ---
7 
 
 
withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law.  In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, after such 
withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts that 
would have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence 
of the withholding or deduction.  See “Taxation – Certain Turkish 
Tax Considerations” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 9”. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA, as 
provided in Condition 7.1 and, in accordance with Condition 9.1, 
no additional amount will be payable by the Issuer in respect of 
any such withholding or deduction. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4. 
Certain Covenants: 
The Issuer will agree to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates. 
Events of Default: 
The Notes will be subject to certain events of default, including 
(among 
others) 
non-payment, 
breach 
of 
obligations, 
cross-acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events.  
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 11”. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ 
rights. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated BB- by Fitch and B1 by Moody’s.  
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme by the 
relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market, however, no assurance 
can be given that such application will be accepted. 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes 
and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 27 ---
8 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the 
Agency Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, 
Türkiye, Hong Kong, the PRC, Japan and Singapore, and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes; see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S (Category 2) and Rule 144A (if applicable).  Bearer 
Notes will be issued in compliance with rules identical to those 
provided 
in: 
(a) U.S. Treasury 
Regulation 
§ 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (“TEFRA 
D”) 
or 
(b) U.S. Treasury 
Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (“TEFRA C”) such that the 
Bearer 
Notes 
will 
not 
constitute 
“registration-required 
obligations” under section 4701(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Such rules impose certain additional restrictions on 
transfers of Bearer Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks.  Prior to making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should carefully read the entire Base Prospectus.  In addition to the other information 
in this Base Prospectus, prospective investors should carefully consider, in light of their own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, the following risks related to the Group’s Business, Türkiye, the 
Turkish Banking Industry, and the Notes, before making an investment in the Notes.  If any of the following risks 
actually occurs, the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
In addition, factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are 
also described below.  The Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in the Notes, but the Bank does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. 
Risks Related to the Group’s Business 
The Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are affected by general 
economic conditions in Türkiye 
As of 30 September 2024, 94.48 % of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s operations were 
in Türkiye. As a result, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily affected by economic 
conditions in Türkiye.  Turkish GDP growth has fluctuated in the past several years with GDP growth of 11.4% 
in 2021, 5.5% in 2022, 5.1% in 2023, and 2.1% in the nine months ended 30 September 2024 according to 
TurkStat. Türkiye’s economic conditions have weakened since 2018 due to a number of macroeconomic factors, 
including the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, volatile interest rates, high inflation and energy prices, and an 
uncertain political environment. Moreover, as an open, emerging economy with a reliance on external funding, 
Türkiye’s economy is significantly impacted by global macroeconomic conditions, particularly those that 
impact emerging markets (including global monetary policies).  In the past several years, global credit and 
capital markets, and the Turkish economy, have been negatively affected by a number of factors, including 
global central banks’ monetary policy, the war in Ukraine, global trade conditions and international political 
relations.  More recently, investor’s perceptions of macroeconomic policies in Türkiye have also increased 
volatility in the Turkish economy. 
Weaker economic conditions in Türkiye could adversely impact the Group’s business and operating results as 
a result of: 
 
reduced consumer confidence and decreases in business activity resulting in reduced demand for the 
Group’s loans and fee and commission generating services; 
 
deterioration of creditworthiness of companies and individuals resulting in impairments on assets and/or 
collateral as well as increased levels of non-performing loans (“NPLs”) and amounts of loan 
impairment charges; 
 
reduced, or no, access to capital markets due to unfavourable market conditions increasing funding costs 
and higher liquidity and financing risk; and 
 
high interest rates, lower deposit growth and/or increased competition for deposits leading to higher 
funding costs. 
Challenging macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye have already impacted the Turkish banking sector in several 
ways including (i) the high and volatile interest rate environment which has impacted the cost of funding and 
lending rates, (ii) negative/slow economic growth and increased inflation which negatively impacted the 
demand and supply for lending and the asset quality of both corporate and retail loans, and (iii) volatility in 
Central Bank policy and the exchange rate which also impacted the profitability, asset quality and capital ratios 
of the Turkish banking sector.  Although there has been a relative degree of stability in Türkiye’s 
macroeconomic conditions in 2024, any negative external shocks or macroeconomic developments due to 
domestic or international factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
For further discussion of how conditions in Türkiye affect the Group, see “—Risks Related to Türkiye”.

--- Page 29 ---
10 
 
 
The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and counterparties 
The Group’s business is subject to inherent risk concerning the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, 
which affects the value of the Group’s assets.  Systemic risks and macroeconomic factors in the Turkish and 
global financial system discussed above can all impact the credit quality of the Group’s customers and 
counterparties and negatively affect the value of the Group’s assets. 
Following the expiry of the BRSA’s temporary COVID-19 support measures, a period of reduced credit 
availability and a higher interest rate environment, NPLs have risen in the Turkish banking sector. According 
to BRSA statistics, the ratio of NPLs to total loans in the Turkish banking sector was 3.1% as of 31 December 
2021 (compared to 4.6% for the Group), 2.1% as of 31 December 2022 (compared to 3.4% for the Group), 1.6% 
as of 31 December 2023 (compared to 2.9% for the Group), and 1.7% as of 30 September 2024 (compared to 
3.0% for the Group).  The Turkish banking sector’s NPL amount in TL increased by TL 66 billion as of 30 
September 2024, compared to 31 December 2023.  The Group’s NPL amount in TL increased by TL 11.3 
thousand in the same period, mainly due to limited NPL formation.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Loan Loss Reserves” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Analysis of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended 30 September 2024 and 2023—
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses”. 
The Group may be subject to increased credit risk as its business strategy is strongly focused on certain segments 
and lending as higher margin generating asset classes, such as the retail segment, general purpose loans (15% 
of total loans as of 30 September 2024) and credit cards generally (25% of total loans as of 30 September 2024), 
as well as on Turkish companies and project finance lending.  Some of these segments are generally viewed as 
riskier segments with higher NPL levels and could place additional pressure on the asset quality of the Group.  
As of 30 September 2024, the ratio of NPLs to total loans in the credit card segment of the Turkish banking 
sector was 2.3% (compared to 2.4% for the Group) and in the commercial instalment loans segment was 2.1% 
(compared to 1% for the Group).  In particular, negative developments in the Turkish economy, including the 
slowdown of GDP growth, high inflation and increased unemployment in Türkiye, could affect consumer and 
SME borrowers more than large corporates, resulting in higher NPL levels and greater provisioning.  As of 30 
September 2024, the Group’s restructured loans constituted 6.1% of the Bank’s aggregate loan portfolio, 
compared to 4.9% as of 31 December 2023, and the Group’s watch loan ratio was 9.7%, compared to its level 
of 10.6% as at 31 December 2023. 
In addition, the corporate sector may be particularly exposed to foreign exchange risk so far as corporate loans 
are denominated in foreign currencies.  Borrowers under such corporate loans are susceptible to depreciation in 
the Turkish Lira if they do not have adequate foreign currency reserves or hedging, particularly if currency 
issues are compounded by particular macroeconomic factors that impact certain sectors or clients (such as the 
potential combined impact of Turkish Lira depreciation and changing commodity prices).  As such, the Group’s 
NPLs could materially increase in the near to medium term, in particular if there is a deterioration in 
macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye. 
The Group also has a substantial portfolio of derivative financial assets, including currency forwards, currency 
and interest rate swaps, options, interest rate cap and floor arrangements and credit default swaps. As of 30 
September 2024, the Group’s total recognised derivatives had a notional value of TL 1,637,566,282 thousand, 
and the fair values of the derivative assets and liabilities were TL 20,859,624 thousand and TL 16,935,713 
thousand, respectively.  The Group is exposed to credit risk with respect to the ability of its counterparties to 
meet their obligations under these derivative financial assets.  Furthermore, growth in the Group’s loan portfolio 
may lead to an increase in loan to deposit ratios, unless matched by deposit growth. 
Exposure to any or all of these credit risks could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Loan loss provisions may be insufficient for future credit losses 
The Group’s total loan loss provisions have been increasing in recent years.  Loan loss provisions in the Group’s 
BRSA balance sheet data increased to TL 45,630,131 thousand as of 30 September 2024, from TL 41,314,247 
thousand as of 31 December 2023, and TL 37,028,518 thousand as of 31 December 2022, respectively.  The 
Group’s coverage ratio of gross loans is 3.5% as of 30 September 2024, despite NPL sales and write-offs that 
were fully covered.  The Group recorded provisions in its income statement of TL 8,137,301 thousand or 1.47%

--- Page 30 ---
11 
 
 
(net of collections and excluding foreign currency impact that is fully hedged) of gross loans and receivables 
for the year ended 31 December 2022, TL 1,137,717 thousand or  0.14% (net of collections and excluding 
foreign currency impact that is fully hedged) of gross loans and receivables for the year ended 31 December 
2023, and TL1,991,867 thousand or 0.23% (net of collections and excluding foreign currency impact that is 
fully hedged) of gross loans and receivables for the nine months ended 30 September 2024.  The current level 
of provisions by the Group may not be sufficient to cover future losses in the future if they significantly exceed 
expectations, which could occur given the significant uncertainty regarding future Turkish macroeconomic 
policy and economic conditions, and the Group may have to create significant additional provisions for possible 
credit losses in the future.  Any failure by the Group to monitor and regulate the adequacy of its provisioning 
levels could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to liquidity and financing risks 
The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk, arising out of mismatches between the maturities of the Bank’s assets and 
liabilities, which together with increased market volatility and changes in general economic conditions, may 
contribute to the Bank not being able to meet its net funding requirements at a reasonable cost, or at all.  A 
significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of short-term debt and deposits and the Group has a 
mix of short-, medium-and long-term assets in the form of retail, consumer and corporate loans, mortgages and 
credit cards, which may result in asset-liability maturity gaps and ultimately liquidity problems.  As of 30 
September 2024, deposits comprised 55.02% of the Group’s total liabilities and, of all deposits, 94.97% had 
maturities of three months or less. 
In addition, the Group has a significant portion of its funding raised on the international markets, particularly 
with respect to longer denominated liabilities given the short term nature of its deposit portfolio, and may need 
to access additional wholesale funding in the future to refinance existing liabilities, to balance the duration gap 
of its portfolio and to fund any future growth.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group had a total of TL 
244,996,321 thousand of borrowings from wholesale sources, of which TL 139,123,533 thousand of other 
borrowed funds from foreign sources, and TL 217,993,376 thousand of marketable securities issued (net), in 
relation to its diversified payment rights (“DPR”) securitisation and issued bonds in local currency.  In order to 
cover the maturity mismatch from short-term funding and long-term lending, the Group has raised longer-term 
funds in the form of syndications, securitisations and other loans, almost all of which are denominated in foreign 
currency.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s total foreign currency denominated bank deposits and 
borrowings constituted 18.47% of its consolidated foreign currency liabilities excluding equity and total bank 
deposits and borrowings with maturity of one year or more was 2.06% of total foreign currency liabilities 
excluding equity.  The Group may have difficulties extending this type of funding source and such funding may 
become more difficult and costly in the event of further Turkish Lira depreciation or concerns over Turkish 
economic and political conditions (see “—Depreciation of the Turkish Lira adversely impacts the Bank’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition” for a discussion of the impact of such TL depreciation 
on the Group and “—Risks Related to Türkiye”). 
The Group’s liquidity and financing risks may also be adversely affected by increases in interest rates, such as 
the recent increases in interest rates since June 2023.  See “—The Group may be negatively affected by volatility 
in interest rates”. 
The Bank may be unsuccessful in managing its liquidity and maturity profile in the future.  Particularly in light 
of the volatility in the market for emerging market debt, the Bank may have difficulty obtaining financing or 
extending and/or refinancing its existing indebtedness. 
The Bank is subject to risks in its trading activities 
As part of the Bank’s treasury operations, it trades various securities and derivatives, including debt, equity, 
fixed income, currencies and commodities and related derivatives, as both agent and principal, and it derives a 
portion of its non-interest income from profits earned in such trades. 
The Bank may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such securities and derivatives, 
including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its long or short positions, a decline in 
the market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or foreign currency 
exchange rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Bank chooses to hedge

--- Page 31 ---
12 
 
 
certain positions do not track the market value of those positions.  Failure to earn profits or incurring losses 
from trading activities as the result of such risks could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in interest rates.  
As of 30 September 2024, total nominal interest rate swap volume (including cross currency interest rate swaps) 
amounted to TL 741,121,229 thousand, out of which TL 46,787,451 thousand were under hedge accounting and 
thus not affected by interest rate fluctuations.  Nominal interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the 
Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued by the Turkish government (the “Government”) and both 
domestic and international economic and political conditions. 
The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group may also be adversely affected by changes in interest rates.  For example, if interest rates increase, 
the interest on the Group’s liabilities (predominantly short-term) may rise more quickly than on its assets, 
resulting in deteriorating interest margins. 
If the Group is unable for any reason to reprice or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets in response to 
changes in rates on its interest-bearing liabilities in an expedited or an effective manner as a result of economic 
or other reasons, then the Group’s interest income margins would be adversely affected.  An increase in interest 
rates may reduce the demand for loans from the Group and its ability to originate loans.  In addition, higher 
interest rates increase the Group’s deposit and borrowing costs and the Group may be required to seek alternative 
sources of liquidity and funding, which may only be available at increased cost or have limited or no availability.  
A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect the Group through, among other things, increased 
pre-payments on its loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits.  In addition, the Group has a portfolio 
of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in interest rates, see “—The Bank is subject to risks in its 
trading activities”. 
The Bank monitors interest rate risk from local and foreign currency assets separately.  Under its risk 
management framework, the Bank’s foreign currency assets and liabilities are managed to align their maturities, 
taking into account the Bank’s expectations for international interest rate performance.  However, interest rate 
risk from local currency assets is more pronounced due to the lag between the repricing of longer maturity assets 
and shorter maturity liabilities.  When interest rates rise, the Group may be adversely affected by the repricing 
lag because its assets will retain lower interest rates as the interest on its liabilities rises resulting in an increase 
in interest expense relative to interest income, reducing margins and the Group’s net interest income.  For a 
description of the Group’s interest rate risk management, see “Risk Management”. 
The period since 2019 has been characterised by a high degree of volatility in interest rates and changes in the 
Central Bank’s policy which created pressure on loan and deposit volumes and thus on the interest rate 
environment, as well as increased political volatility in Türkiye, which, among other factors, led Fitch, S&P and 
Moody’s to downgrade Türkiye’s sovereign credit rating in 2022. With the normalisation of monetary policy 
following the 2023 elections, ratings by Fitch and Moody’s improved, however, the current ratings of the Rating 
Agencies continue to imply high credit and default risks which affect the Bank’s ratings. See “—Political 
developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.” Since June 2023, interest rates have increased as monetary policy has normalised. 
Interest rates in the loan and bond market were heavily affected by changes in Turkish regulation since 2022.  
Between January 2022 and June 2023, the Central Bank introduced a number of measures aimed at supporting 
the Turkish Lira without increasing interest rates, such as macroprudential measures requiring maintenance of 
securities for foreign currency deposits, reserve requirements for selected TL-denominated commercial cash 
loans and an FX-protected deposit scheme.  In the second half of 2023, the Central Bank announced it would 
simplify these measures and in October 2023 terminated some of the measures for maintenance of securities. 
However, the Monetary Policy Committee (“MPC”) stated that the tight monetary stance will be maintained 
until a significant and sustained decline in the underlying trend of monthly inflation is observed, and inflation 
expectations converge to the projected forecast range. 
Regulatory activity may continue to impact interest rates and contribute to volatility.  Accordingly, any volatility 
in interest rates can significantly affect the Group’s results of operation and financial condition.

--- Page 32 ---
13 
 
 
See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates”. 
The Group’s loans and receivables may be concentrated among its largest borrowers and in certain industries 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s loans to and receivables from its 20 largest borrowers or borrower groups 
amounted to TL 134,510 million or 10.19% of its total loans and receivables, as compared with TL 117,980 
million, or 13.04% of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2023, as compared with TL 76,508 
million, or 12.62% of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2022 and TL 67,592 million, or 15.21% 
of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2021.  Any impairment in the ability of one or more of these 
borrowers or borrower groups to service or repay their obligations to the Group could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.  The Banking Act No. 5411, effective from 
1 November 2005 (the “Banking Law”), restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, 
issuance of guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 
25% of its equity capital. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s top ten sectors accounted for 45% of the Bank’s gross loans, (including 
individual lending (or 75% excluding individual lending)).  A further downturn or slower recovery in any of 
these sectors (particularly the construction and energy sectors, which are more exposed to exchange rate 
volatility), individually or in the aggregate, may adversely affect the financial condition of the companies 
operating in such sectors and may result in, among other things, a decrease of funds that such corporate 
customers hold on deposit with the Bank, a default on their obligations owed to the Bank or a need for the Bank 
to increase its provisions in respect of such obligations.  Similarly, a downturn of any one or more of the Bank’s 
largest customers’ financial positions may have similar effects. 
The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including credit risk, market 
risk, liquidity risk and operational risk.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” and “Risk Management”.  The Group’s risk management strategies and techniques 
may fail to manage risk adequately in some circumstances.  If circumstances arise that the Group has not 
identified or anticipated adequately, or if the security of its risk management systems is compromised, then the 
Group’s losses could be greater than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  Some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are 
based upon its use of historical market behaviour, which, as evidenced by events caused by the global financial 
crisis, may not always accurately predict future risk exposures, which could therefore be significantly greater 
than historical measures indicate. 
In particular, the Group may be unable to correctly assess the creditworthiness of credit applicants.  The increase 
in the Group’s loan portfolio (including a significant portion of unseasoned loans) has increased the Group’s 
credit exposure and requires continuous improvement to internal monitoring by the Group’s management of its 
lending policies, credit quality and adequacy of provisioning levels through the Group’s risk management 
programme, particularly in its retail segment (including SMEs).  A Turkish centralised credit bureau monitors 
and controls consumer credit information (including credit cards), but it includes only data shared by the Group 
and its competitors in Türkiye, not information from other non-bank entities, such as utility companies.  The 
Group uses internal models and scorecards (which incorporate credit bureau information), but the Group is not 
always independently able to confirm information provided by prospective clients and such models and 
scorecards could prove inadequate.  Any failure of the Group’s risk management procedures could also increase 
the Group’s credit risk.  See “—The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it 
exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks”. 
In addition, assets that are not traded on public trading markets, such as derivative contracts between banks, 
may be assigned values that the Group calculates using mathematical models and the deterioration of assets like 
these could lead to losses that the Group has not anticipated.  If the Group’s measures to assess and mitigate 
risk prove insufficient, then the Group may experience material unexpected losses that could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 33 ---
14 
 
 
Depreciation of the Turkish Lira adversely impacts the Bank’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly 
U.S. dollars and euros.  The Bank translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such 
assets and liabilities, and gains/(losses) realised upon the sale of such assets, to Turkish Lira when preparing its 
financial statements.  As a result, the Group’s reported income is affected by changes in the value of the Turkish 
Lira against foreign currencies (primarily the U.S. dollar and euro).  The overall effect of exchange rate 
movements on the Group’s results of operations depends on the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the 
Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies.  On average, management currently estimates 
that a 10% depreciation of the Turkish Lira results in a negative impact of approximately 33 basis points (“bps”) 
on the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital (“CET1”), 26 bps on the Group’s Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, 
and 10 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio, excluding the Temporary Forbearances (as defined in “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”) of currency devaluation impact on capital calculation.  For the 
nine months ended 30 September 2024, developments in the macroeconomic environment (including changes 
in the value of the Turkish Lira, combined with the impact of mark-to-market of available for sale securities) 
had a negative impact of 77 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio, excluding the impacts of regulatory 
forbearances. In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in 
the value of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies.  For a description of the Group’s risk management 
strategies, see “Risk Management”. 
The value of the Turkish currency against the U.S. dollar has been volatile, but mainly negative, over the last 
several years, primarily as a result of uncertainties surrounding the political and economic landscape, both 
globally and in Türkiye.  Due to the volatility in financial markets and the rise in risk premiums, the Turkish 
Lira depreciated to a new low, reaching TL 29.40 to U.S.$1 on 31 December 2023. As of 30 September 2024, 
following moderate depreciation in the first half of 2024, the exchange rate was TL 34.1 to U.S. $1.  The Turkish 
Lira depreciated by 16.1%%, 57.2%%, 44.1% and 76.8% against the U.S. dollar, in the nine months ended 30 
September 2024 and the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.  The exchange rate was 
TL 18.6983 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2022 and TL 12.9775 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2021.  
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant 
Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Exchange Rates”. 
The Group is exposed to volatility in the securities markets 
The Group has historically generated a significant portion of interest income from its securities portfolio, with 
interest and similar income derived from the Group’s marketable securities portfolio in the nine months ended 
30 September 2024 and the years ended 2023, 2022 and 2021, accounting for, 26.1%, 36.22%, 43.6% and 
24.42% respectively, of its total interest income. 
The Bank’s position in certain Government securities in particular, involves a risk that downward movements 
in the price of these securities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  The Group has a substantial portfolio of Government debt securities, which amounted 
to 21% of the Bank’s total interest earning assets as of 30 September 2024.  Any default by the Government in 
the payment of its securities held by the Bank would result in direct loss to the Bank.  In addition, a default by 
the Government in making payments on its treasury bills would have a significant negative impact on the 
Turkish economy and the Turkish banking system generally. 
In addition, the contribution of interest income from Turkish government-issued CPI-linked securities (“CPI-
linkers”) to total interest income has increased significantly, and tends to increase especially at times of high 
inflation.  A material decline in the returns from the Bank’s trading and investment securities and/or a decline 
in the market value of Government securities could lead to a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s capital adequacy ratio and its ability to obtain funding may be affected by changes to its credit 
ratings and the credit ratings of Türkiye. 
If the Rating Agencies negatively revise current ratings or outlooks for Türkiye, the Bank or the Notes, such 
change could materially adversely affect the trading value of the Notes, the Group’s ability to finance its 
operations or the expected expansion of its business going forward.  A change in credit rating could adversely

--- Page 34 ---
15 
 
 
affect the Bank’s calculation of its capital adequacy ratio.  The Bank calculates its capital adequacy ratio 
according to the Capital Adequacy Regulation published by the BRSA, which allows the Bank to use only Fitch 
ratings to calculate the risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes.  See “Management Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital Adequacy”. 
Credit ratings also affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding.  Rating 
Agencies regularly evaluate the Bank and their ratings of the Bank’s long-term debt are based on a number of 
factors, including its financial strength as well as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally.  
For more on the risks associated with the credit rating assigned to the Notes see “—Risks Related to the Notes 
Generally—Credit ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes”. 
In addition, any downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely have a significant negative impact on the 
Turkish banking sector generally and might have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s own rating and its 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  For example, in 2019 and 2022, both Moody’s and 
Fitch downgraded the Bank’s rating or those of its financial products following the downgrade or negative 
review of the Turkish government’s sovereign rating, debt rating or its foreign currency deposit ceiling (S&P 
also downgraded the Bank’s rating in 2019 before the withdrawal of its rating, done at the Bank’s request in 
2020, at which time the outlook on the bank was stable). 
Overall, management expects that Türkiye’s downgrade to below investment grade bond status may have 
medium-term negative implications on key macroeconomic balances.  Any future or potential further 
downgrades of the Turkish sovereign rating could negatively affect the Rating Agencies’ perception of the 
Bank’s rating.  See “—Risks Related to Türkiye—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects—Increased political 
risks following the coup attempt of July 2016”, for further discussion of the reasons behind Türkiye’s sovereign 
debt rating downgrades and associated effects on the Bank.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Turkish 
Economy” for more detail on the Rating Agencies’ rating actions. 
The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related parties 
The Bank is primarily controlled by Koç Holding A.Ş. and its affiliates (the “Koç Group”), one of the largest 
conglomerate groups in Türkiye.  The Koç Group owns 61.17% of the Bank’s outstanding shares and the 
approximately 38.83% of the Bank’s shares are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders. 
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş., which was jointly owned 
by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.  Between 2019 and 2022, UniCredit S.p.A. sold its stake in the Group 
in a sequence of transactions, including sale of a portion of its shareholdings to the Koç Group.  The elimination 
of UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake and change in the Bank’s ownership structure may involve further changes to the 
relationship between the Bank and UniCredit S.p.A.  UniCredit S.p.A. may decide to discontinue its business 
with the bank or financial or other support for the Bank.  On 28 July 2023, Koç Holding sold 6.81% of the 
Bank’s issued share capital to institutional investors through a bookbuild process. 
The Koç Group controls the Group as the controlling shareholder and has the power to appoint board members 
and senior executives of the Bank and determine the outcome of most matters to be decided by shareholders’ 
resolutions.  The interests of the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may differ from those of the Bank 
and its creditors.  As a result, the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may prevent the Bank from making 
certain decisions, may take certain actions that would benefit them or may take certain actions that fail to protect 
the interests of the Bank’s other constituencies, including investors in the Notes.  The Bank’s decisions and 
actions may prioritise the long-term interests of the Group, rather than the interests of the Noteholders.  The 
Bank’s decisions in such cases may negatively affect the Noteholders. 
The Bank believes that the continued involvement of the Koç Group is important in the pursuit and 
implementation of the Bank’s strategy, including providing an important source of business for the Group.  In 
the future the Koç Group may decide not to remain a shareholder or may discontinue its business with the Bank 
or financial or other support for the Bank.  The Bank’s credit rating, business and results of operations may be 
materially adversely affected if the major shareholder ceases to control the Bank.

--- Page 35 ---
16 
 
 
The Group may suffer a failure or interruption in, or breach of its information systems 
The Group’s information systems are critical in the normal operation of its business.  Any failure, interruption 
or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in its risk management, general 
ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important systems.  If the Group’s information systems 
failed, even for a short period of time, then it could be unable to serve some or all of its customers’ needs on a 
timely basis and could thereby lose business.  Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Bank’s information 
systems could result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification.  In addition, despite its 
investments in IT infrastructure, failure to update and develop the Group’s existing information systems as 
effectively as its competitors may result in a loss of the competitive advantages that it believes its information 
systems provide.  Although the Group has developed business continuity plans, back-up systems and a disaster 
recovery centre, and expects to be able to continue its critical operations through branches and digital channels 
in case of emergency, no assurance can be given that failures will not occur.  As part of its two-year investment 
strategy, significant investment has been made for disaster recovery and cyber security infrastructure, but in 
case of a disaster, such efforts may be insufficient based on the disaster scenario. 
The Group’s business may be subject to labour disputes 
The Group is exposed to the risk of labour disputes and other industrial actions. In total, as of 30 September 
2024, 8,516 of the Bank’s employees were members of the Union of Employees working at Banks and Insurance 
Companies (Banka ve Sigorta İşçileri Sendikasi) (the “Union”), amounting to approximately 57% of the Bank’s 
employees. The Bank may experience strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any such 
action could disrupt operations, possibly for a significant period of time, result in increased wages and benefits 
or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations.  See “Business of the Bank—Employees”. 
The Group is subject to operational risk 
The Group's information systems are critical to the normal operation of its business. Similar to other financial 
institutions, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees or outsiders, unauthorized 
transactions by employees, and other operational errors (including clerical or record-keeping errors and errors 
resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems). The Group is also subject, from time to time, 
to service interruptions to third-party services such as telecommunications, which are beyond the Group's 
control. Such interruptions may result in interruptions to services at the Group's branches and/or impact 
customer service. Given the Group's high volume of transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before 
they are discovered and rectified. 
Any failure, interruption, or breach in the security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in its 
risk management, general ledger, deposit servicing, loan origination, and/or other important systems. If the 
Group's information systems fail, even for a short period of time, it could be unable to serve some or all of its 
customers' needs on a timely basis and could thereby lose business. Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the 
Bank's information systems could result in significant costs for information retrieval and verification. 
In addition, a number of banking transactions are not fully automated, which may further increase the risk that 
human error or employee tampering will result in losses that may be difficult for any bank to detect quickly or 
at all. Despite its investments in IT infrastructure, failure to update and develop the Group's existing information 
systems as effectively as its competitors may result in a loss of the competitive advantages that it believes its 
information systems provide. 
Although the Group has developed business continuity plans, backup systems, and a disaster recovery center, 
and expects to be able to continue its critical operations through branches and digital channels in case of an 
emergency, no assurance can be given that failures will not occur. As part of its two-year investment strategy, 
significant investment has been made for disaster recovery and cybersecurity infrastructure, but in the case of a 
disaster, such efforts may be insufficient based on the disaster scenario. Losses from the failure of the Group's 
system of internal controls to discover and rectify such matters could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.

--- Page 36 ---
17 
 
 
The Group is dependent on its senior management and other personnel 
The Bank is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and the operation of its day-to-day 
business.  In addition, retail, corporate and other business relationships of members of senior management are 
important to the conduct of the Bank’s business.  See “Management”.  If members of the Group’s senior 
management were to leave, then the relationships that those employees have and which have benefited the Group 
may end. 
In addition, the Bank’s continuing success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and motivate 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel.  Any failure to recruit and retain necessary 
personnel or manage its personnel successfully could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Group’s BRSA Financial Statements were prepared under standards applicable to banks in Türkiye and 
not prepared under IFRS 
The Group maintains its accounting systems and prepares its accounts and publishes quarterly financial results 
in accordance with the BRSA Principles.  These accounts are not prepared on a basis consistent with IFRS.  The 
Group is not required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards other than BRSA.  There 
are differences between the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements and IFRS financial statements. 
For example, starting from 30 June 2022, the BRSA Principles materially differ from IFRS as applied to 
accounting for the impacts of inflation or hyperinflation.  Pursuant to TAS 29, under TFRS, and the 
corresponding IAS 29 under IFRS, the financial statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a 
hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price index.  Companies 
reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods ending on and after 30 June 
2022.  However, on 20 January 2022, the POA had stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make 
any adjustments in their financial statements for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. Therefore, despite high levels 
of inflation in Türkiye in 2021, 2022, 2023 and the nine months ended 30 September 2024 inflation adjustments 
for such periods have not been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements herein, in accordance with TAS 29.  
As a result, financial statements complying with the BRSA Principles materially differ from those complying 
with IFRS in the application of adjustments for the effects of changes in a general price index.  Once the Group 
is required to restate its BRSA Financial Statements based upon a price index, the adjustments might materially 
impact the Group’s reported financial results. 
Subsequently, on 23 November 2023, the POA announced that Turkish companies reporting under TFRS should 
begin implementing TAS 29, and adjusting their financial statements for inflation, for periods ending on and 
after 31 December 2023, subject to alternative timelines being set by applicable regulatory and auditing entities 
such as the BRSA and the CMB, with adjustments also applied to all periods presented in the financial 
statements.  On 12 December 2023, the BRSA announced that the financial statements of banks and financial 
leasing, factoring, financing, savings financing, and asset management companies as of 31 December 2023 will 
not be subject to the inflation adjustment required under TAS 29.   
On 11 January 2024, the BRSA announced that such entities, including the Bank, will be required to implement 
inflation accounting and will be required to adjust historical periods presented in financial statements for all 
periods starting on or after 1 January 2025. However, on 5 December 2024, the BRSA announced the reversal 
of such position so that such entities, including the Bank, will not apply inflation accounting in 2025 either. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the BRSA has not made any further announcements on if or when TAS 
29 will be applied by the BRSA under the BRSA Principles. The Bank closely monitors the application of TAS 
29 but cannot predict its impact on such financial statements. Under TAS 29, financial statements of an entity 
that reports in the currency of a hyperinflationary economy should be stated in terms of the measuring unit 
current balance sheet date.  Non-monetary items which are not already expressed in terms of the measuring unit 
current at the end of the reporting period and components of owners’ equity in the statement of financial 
position, and all items in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income would be indexed by 
applying a general price index.  In addition, gains or losses arising from net monetary position would be included 
in net income under a separate line item.  Related adjustments and reclassifications are expected to have an 
impact on the Bank’s future financial statements, results of operations and financial condition, with nominal 
growth rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly

--- Page 37 ---
18 
 
 
exceeding the rates as measured on a constant-currency basis.  The Bank’s margins may be impacted as a result 
of the application of TAS 29 which will therefore limit the visibility of the Bank’s past performance and make 
it more difficult for investors to analyse the Bank’s other historical results.  
High inflation rates might distort the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, with nominal growth 
rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly exceeding 
the rates as measured on a constant-currency basis. 
For more information on the differences between the accounting principles, see “Appendix 1—Overview of 
Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA Principles”.  Potential investors should consult their own 
professional advisors for an understanding of the difference between IFRS and BRSA Principles and how these 
differences might affect the Group’s financial information presented in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks Related to Türkiye 
As of 30 September 2024, 94.48% of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s operations were 
in Türkiye.  Therefore, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily affected by economic 
conditions in Türkiye. 
Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects 
Türkiye has from time-to-time experienced volatile political social conditions, including a failed coup d’état 
attempt in July 2016.  As of 9 July 2018, the parliamentary system was transformed into a presidential one and 
on 28 May 2023, President Erdoğan won a third five-year term as president. 
Since 2019 there have been notable dismissals and departures among those responsible for Turkish monetary 
policy. For example, the dismissal of Mr. Ağbal by President Erdoğan in March 2021 led to a negative market 
reaction, with investors’ sales of certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock 
index declining by 9.6% in a week and the Turkish Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 
7.27 per U.S. dollar before the dismissal of the governor to TL 7.99 per U.S. dollar) during the same period.  
Contrary to the expectations of some market participants, from the second half of 2021, the Central Bank shifted 
its monetary policy, decreasing the policy rate (reaching a low of 8.5% from February 2023), despite concerns 
over inflation rates that have already been well above the target rate. The Central Bank also intensified market 
interventions to stabilise the Lira while introducing tools such as FX-protected deposits to steer away the foreign 
exchange demand.  The economy administration pressured the banks regarding deposit structures and returns 
on foreign exchange deposits, in order to further constrict foreign exchange demand.  The exchange rate 
remained under pressure until the 2023 local elections, until which time the CBRT adopted a looser monetary 
stance despite high inflationary conditions.  Central Bank reserves meanwhile have been depleted to critical 
levels.  The Central Bank’s net international reserves decreased to negative U.S.$6 billion as of 2 June 2023 
while net international reserves excluding swap agreements reached as low as negative U.S.$65 billion as of 19 
March 2024. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates”. 
Following the May 2023 general elections, newly appointed leaders of the Central Bank applied a more orthodox 
monetary policy prioritising price stability as well as “Liraization” of the Turkish domestic market. The Central 
Bank’s communication strategy has been revised and emphasis has been placed on more conventional policy 
approaches to improve the credibility of the Central Bank. On 3 February 2024, Fatih Karahan replaced Hafize 
Gaye Erkan as the CBRT governor in an unexpected change.  The Central Bank announced on 4 February 2024 
that it would continue its efforts targeted at disinflation and reaffirmed that it would maintain monetary tightness 
until inflation falls to levels consistent with its targets. Political considerations may continue to influence interest 
rates and monetary policy in the future. The degree of independence of the Central Bank and monetary policy 
in the upcoming period are uncertainties. 
On 31 March 2024, local elections were held throughout Türkiye, and President Erdoğan’s AK Party lost to the 
opposition CHP.  Looking ahead, Türkiye is anticipated to enter a four-year period without planned elections. 
However, the possibility of a snap election remains, potentially increasing political risks significantly. Any 
future elections may lead to the introduction of new policies or changes to existing ones may result in increased 
compliance costs, regulatory challenges, or alterations to the competitive landscape.

--- Page 38 ---
19 
 
 
Changes in the governance and operation of Türkiye’s institutions, could contribute to the volatility of Turkish 
financial markets and/or have an adverse effect on investors’ perception of Türkiye, including with respect to 
the actual or perceived independence of such institutions. 
The political instability in Türkiye may continue and the political situation in Türkiye may further deteriorate.  
Actual or perceived political instability in Türkiye or any negative changes in the political environment, 
including further conflicts between senior politicians in Türkiye or the failure of the Government to devise or 
implement appropriate economic programmes, may individually or in the aggregate adversely affect the Turkish 
economy and, in turn, the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and the 
value of the Notes.  In particular, any perception that the new executive presidency system may further restrict 
parliamentary and judicial supervision of executive decisions may also increase political instability or otherwise 
negatively impact investors’ perception of the Turkish political climate, which could result in a number of 
negative impacts, including deteriorating asset prices and weaker economic activity. 
Increased political risks following the coup attempt of July 2016 
Türkiye has also experienced controversies between the Government and the military.  On 15 July 2016, the 
Turkish government was subject to an attempted coup by a group within the Turkish army.  The Turkish 
government and the Turkish security forces (including the Turkish army) took control of the situation in a short 
period of time and the ruling government remained in control.  On 20 July 2016, after the failed coup attempt, 
the Turkish President announced, pursuant to Article 120 of the Turkish Constitution, a nationwide state of 
emergency, which was extended ultimately until July 2018, entitling the government to exercise additional 
powers.  Under Article 120 of the Turkish Constitution, in the event of serious indications of widespread acts 
of violence aimed at the destruction of the free democratic order, a state of emergency may be declared in one 
or more regions of, or throughout, the country for a period not exceeding six months.  The state of emergency, 
however, ended in July 2018. 
The government has (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions (including schools, 
universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, discharged 
or otherwise limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c) restricted 
media outlets and (d) otherwise taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion of these 
actions to members of the business community.  There has been disruptions in the operations of public 
institutions (such as the BRSA and the CMB) as teams are reorganised.  Any future investigations may include 
customers of the Bank, which could impact such customers’ ability to meet their obligations and may in turn 
result in an adverse impact on the Bank’s loan portfolio. 
The political and social circumstances surrounding the attempted coup and its aftermath (including rating 
downgrades of Türkiye and the Bank) or other political developments could have a negative impact on the 
Turkish economy and institutions (including the value of the Turkish Lira, international investors’ willingness 
to invest in Türkiye and domestic demand), the institutional and regulatory framework, the Bank’s liquidity 
and/or conditions (financial or otherwise) and/or the value and/or market price of an investment in Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Conflict and uncertainty within Türkiye or in neighbouring and nearby countries may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to on-going political and security concerns, especially in 
recent years.  Political uncertainty within Türkiye and in certain neighbouring and nearby countries. 
Since December 2010, political instability has increased markedly in a number of countries in the Middle East 
and North Africa, such as Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, Lebanon, Jordan, Bahrain and Yemen.  
Tensions have also increased between a number of Middle Eastern states, notably Israel, Palestine, Lebanon, 
Iran and Saudi Arabia.  Lately, the seismic searches conducted by Türkiye in the Aegean and Mediterranean 
seas based on its continental shelf arguments, has heightened the tension between Türkiye and Greece.  Unrest 
in these countries (as well as global tensions with Iran, between Russia and Ukraine, or between Azerbaijan and 
Armenia) may have political implications in Türkiye or otherwise have a negative impact on Turkish economy, 
including through both financial markets and the real economy.

--- Page 39 ---
20 
 
 
In addition, Türkiye’s external balances have been greatly affected by global oil and gas prices given that the 
country is a net energy importer with nearly 75% import dependency to meet its energy demands. The tensions 
in the Middle East and Eastern Europe bear risks of oil price shocks that would significantly affect Türkiye’s 
energy bill and widen the current account deficit that has already been shrunk due to the cooling in the economy 
fuelled by a tight monetary policy stance throughout 2024.   
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with Israel and Palestine 
In October 2023, Hamas carried out attacks in Israel, initiating a broader conflict between Israel and Hamas in 
and around the Gaza Strip. The government of Israel declared a state of war, mobilising Israeli defence forces 
to commence a large-scale military operation against Hamas militants within Israel, and the Gaza Strip. This 
conflict has impacted civilian areas of the Gaza Strip, leading to a refugee and humanitarian crisis in the region.  
In addition, since the commencement of these events, there have been hostilities with Hezbollah along Israel’s 
northern border with Lebanon, and with other militant groups in the region. The conflict may escalate, 
particularly with the direct involvement of Iran. Furthermore, in early 2024, Houthi attacks against shipping in 
the Red Sea have resulted in delays and additional costs for shipping. Such attacks in the Red Sea may lead to 
increases in import prices for Türkiye and thus contribute to inflation and the current account deficit. 
The scale, duration, and impact of this conflict on the region and any global effects are currently unclear and 
cannot be predicted with any certainty. A wider regional conflict could have a material adverse impact on the 
Turkish economy and may be significant, which in turn may materially and adversely affect the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.  
Risks associated with the conflict in Syria 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including political 
instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East.  In particular, the 
on-going conflict in Syria has been the subject of significant international attention and conditions in the region 
remain volatile.  Unrest in these countries might affect Türkiye’s relationships with its neighbours, have political 
implications both within Türkiye and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on 
Türkiye.  Such impacts might occur (inter alia) through the significant movement of Syrian refugees (including 
through Türkiye into the European Union (“EU”)), a lower flow of foreign direct investment into Türkiye, 
capital outflows and/or increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In October 2019, the Turkish military, following a pullback by the United States of its presence in northern 
Syria, commenced military operations to create a “safe zone” in northern Syria in an effort to enhance Türkiye’s 
border security.  This engagement expanded, including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in many 
Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the Turkish and Syrian militaries.  As this territory 
was largely held by the People’s Protection Unit (YPG) in Syria, which had assisted the U.S. in the fight against 
ISIS but that Türkiye designates as a terrorist organization and believes is affiliated with the Kurdistan Worker’s 
Party (the “PKK”) (an organization that is listed as terrorist organization by various states and organizations, 
including Türkiye, the EU and the United States), significant conflict in the region might occur.  In addition to 
objections raised by Syria, Iran and Russia to this military activity, the United States (inter alios) has taken 
certain actions and might impose additional sanctions upon Türkiye and/or take other actions that might 
negatively impact the Turkish economy and/or Türkiye’s relationship with the United States.  While Türkiye 
has entered into separate agreements with the United States and Russia that aim to achieve multi-party 
agreement on this “safe zone,” the parties might disagree about the implementation of these agreements and/or 
the parties’ adherence to their terms. 
On 8 December 2024, the regime of Bashar al-Assad collapsed following significant offensives by a rebel 
coalition, led by the militant group Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) and other armed groups operating in Syria, 
including the Turkish-backed Syrian National Army.  
The above-mentioned events might result in the volatility of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect 
on investors’ perception of Türkiye and/or have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s ability to support economic 
growth and manage regional conditions.

--- Page 40 ---
21 
 
 
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with Russia and the War in Ukraine 
In February 2022, Russia launched a military invasion against Ukraine.  This has resulted in a significant 
increase in tensions between Russia and a number of countries, as well as with the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization (“NATO”).  The United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and several European countries, 
among others, have imposed sanctions on Russia which include, among others, the freezing of the assets of the 
central bank of Russia, the banning of all transactions with the central bank of Russia and the removal of certain 
Russian banks from the swift messaging system, restrictions on access to financing by Russian entities, and 
export controls targeting Russia’s energy and defence sectors.  Additionally, the United States, the EU and the 
United Kingdom have imposed additional sanctions targeting Russia’s oil and gas sector and oil and gas exports.  
Several rounds of peace negotiations have been carried out to date without success, including with the 
participation of Türkiye as mediator.  Türkiye’s role as a NATO member and as host to ceasefire negotiations 
between Ukrainian and Russian negotiators may materially affect Türkiye’s global diplomatic position as well 
as its economy and financial condition. 
Global energy prices surged after the start of the conflict. The surge in energy prices had slightly eased but 
remains volatile, the ongoing war and the subsequent sanctions may result in further disruption to energy 
supplies and regional and global trade flows, and the impact of the war remains unclear and dependent on global 
and regional economic and political developments.  The global economic and political environment and the 
impact of the sanctions imposed on Russia to the global economy remain highly uncertain.  Following the 
imposition of sanctions against Russia, thousands of Russians and Ukrainians have fled to Türkiye to stay, 
invest, and hold assets since Türkiye has not been imposing any sanctions on Russia except the closure of the 
Bosporus and Dardanelles straits to warships.  Türkiye has not been following the wave of sanctions imposed 
by many countries, and Türkiye’s policy stance with respect to sanctions cannot be predicted with certainty. 
Additional sanctions imposed on Russia by other countries may have a material adverse effect on Türkiye due 
to its relations with Russia, Russian people and Russian entities.  The impact of additional sanctions, or of a 
deterioration of relations between Türkiye and Russia or the United States over events in Ukraine, on the Turkish 
economy may be significant, which in turn may materially and adversely affect the Bank’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with the United States 
In November 2018, certain U.S. sanctions on Iranian financial and energy sectors and on certain other imports 
from Iran, were re-imposed.  Nevertheless, the United States granted Türkiye a partial exemption allowing it to 
import limited amounts of oil from Iran for six months.  The U.S. government did not renew this exemption 
after the end of the allotted six-month period. As a result, Türkiye stopped purchasing Iranian oil as of July 
2019. It remains uncertain whether Türkiye will be able to continue to comply with such U.S. sanctions against 
Iran.  Any similar events in the future, including any operations of the Turkish armed forces in Syria targeting 
organisations that Türkiye deems to be terrorist organisations related to People’s Congress of Kurdistan 
(formerly known as the PKK), in connection with the potential U.S. withdrawal from Syria, including any 
restrictive or punitive actions adopted by the U.S. and/or EU institutions in connection with operations and/or 
actions of Türkiye in the northern Syria and/or Türkiye’s compliance with any further prospective U.S. sanctions 
against Iran might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU 
and/or the United States and might have a negative impact on the Turkish economy. 
The relationship with the United States was also impacted by Türkiye’s agreement to acquire a U.S.$2.5 billion 
S-400 air and missile defense system from Russia in December 2017.  In response, the United States announced 
that Türkiye will be removed from the F-35 programme under which Türkiye acquires fighter jets from the 
United States and the United States had threatened further sanctions. In December 2020, the U.S. also imposed 
sanctions pursuant to Section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act 
(“CAATSA”) on Türkiye’s Presidency of Defense Industries (“SSB”) for procuring the S-400 system from JSC 
Rosoboronexport, Russia’s main arms export entity. These sanctions include a ban on all U.S. export licenses 
and authorizations to SSB. At the same time, the U.S. imposed full asset blocking sanctions and visa restrictions 
on SSB’s president and three other SSB officers. Discussions between the U.S. and Türkiye pertaining to the 
sale to Türkiye of F-16 fighter jets continue and it remains unclear how they will be resolved, including given 
the context of Russia’s war against Ukraine.

--- Page 41 ---
22 
 
 
Furthermore, certain regulatory actions, investigations, allegations of past or current wrongdoing and similar 
actions (including a judicial process against Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş.) might lead to related actions, rumours 
and/or uncertainties surrounding breaches by Turkish banks of international sanctions laws or other financial 
markets misconduct.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the final outcome in relation to the judicial process, 
including any appeal and whether any sanction, fine or penalty will be imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control (“OFAC”) or any other U.S. regulatory body on Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. or any other Turkish bank 
or person in connection with those matters, as well as the possible reaction of the financial markets to any such 
events or speculation regarding such events, is unknown. 
President Trump won the U.S. presidential election held on November 5, 2024 and is set to take office in January 
2025. It is uncertain whether the positions that the new Trump administration might take with respect to Türkiye 
might materially alter the relationship between Türkiye and the U.S. 
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with the EU 
In the recent years, several important natural gas reserves have been discovered in the eastern Mediterranean, 
in the territorial waters and exclusive economic zone of the island of Cyprus.  Both the Republic of Southern 
Cyprus, an EU member but not legally recognized by Türkiye, supported by Greece, and the Turkish Republic 
of Northern Cyprus, not legally recognized by the EU and supported by Türkiye, lay claim to gas in these waters 
and launched drilling activities.  In its conclusions of 15 July 2019, the Council of the EU recalled its previous 
conclusions, and stated that (i) such drilling activities of Türkiye, which the Council deems illegal, have a 
serious immediate negative impact across the range of EU-Türkiye relations, (ii) it has decided not to hold 
further meetings of the EU-Türkiye high-level dialogues for the time being, (iii) it endorses the European 
Commission’s proposal to reduce the pre-accession assistance to Türkiye for 2020, and (iv) it invites the 
European Investment Bank (the “EIB”) to review its lending activities in Türkiye, notably with regard to 
sovereign-backed lending.  On 11 November 2019, the EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on 
individuals or entities responsible for, or involved in, these drilling activities. 
In 2016, Türkiye signed a Statement of Cooperation with the EU regarding the flow of refugees through Türkiye 
to the EU. This agreement has from time-to-time sparked controversy, with each side stating that undertaking 
have not been fully respected. In November 2023 the EU renewed its restrictive measures through November 
2024. 
Tensions have increased between Türkiye and France, including due to differing interests in the conflict in Libya 
and terrorist attacks in France, which have led to the Turkish President calling for a boycott of French goods 
and France to withdraw its ambassador from Türkiye.  The EU has on several occasions since 2020 considered 
measures to sanction individuals in Türkiye in connection with activities related to disputed waters and has 
considered requests to suspend the bloc’s customs union agreement with Türkiye. 
Any decision by the EU to abolish the customs union with Türkiye, end Türkiye’s EU accession bid or impose 
additional sanctions on Türkiye might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between 
Türkiye and the EU and have material negative impacts on Türkiye’s economy. The EU is Türkiye’s largest 
export market with an over 40% share in Türkiye’s total exports. Europe is the major financer of Türkiye’s 
structural current account deficit, with on average two thirds of foreign direct investments directed to Türkiye 
being from the EU in the last 10 years. 
The events described above and any similar events in the future, including deterioration of the relations between 
Türkiye and Greece due to the matter of eastern Mediterranean natural gas reserves, violation of airspace and 
any prospective actions which might be taken by the EU in response to Türkiye’s aforementioned activities in 
the eastern Mediterranean, including the maritime agreement made between GNA and Türkiye in relation to 
their continental shelves and the seismic searches conducted, or northern Syria, might result in (or contribute 
to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU and might have a negative impact on the 
investors’ perceptions of Türkiye and the broader Turkish economy, for reasons including the lack of Türkiye’s 
access to EU funding. 
Risks relating to domestic terrorism 
Terrorist attacks and the threat of future terrorism have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect 
on Türkiye’s capital markets, the level of tourism, foreign investment and other elements of the Turkish

--- Page 42 ---
23 
 
 
economy and ultimately on the Bank’s financial condition and results of operations.  Türkiye experienced 
increasing incidents of terrorist attacks, including bombings in recent years in its tourist and commercial centers 
in İstanbul, Ankara and various coastal towns as well as attacks against its armed forces (especially in the 
southeast of Türkiye).  On November 13, 2022, six people were killed and 81 others were injured by a terrorist 
attack in Istanbul.  On October 23, 2024, 5 people were killed and 22 others were injured by a terrorist attack to 
the Turkish Aerospace Industries headquartered in Ankara.  While the Bank’s property and business interruption 
insurance covers damage to insured property directly caused by terrorism, such amounts may be insufficient to 
cover any losses that it may incur. 
The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making it highly 
dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish government 
Turkish banks have traditionally invested a large portion of their assets in securities issued by the Government.  
As of 30 September 2024, 95% of the Group’s securities portfolio was invested in securities issued by the 
Government (representing 19% of its total assets), compared to 96% as of 31 December 2023 (representing 21% 
of its total assets).  Since 2021 in particular, there has been an increase in the amount of Turkish governmental 
bonds held by the Group, up from 16% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2021, as a result of 
regulatory requirements described elsewhere herein (see, e.g., “Turkish Regulatory Environment–Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement”).  The Group’s securities to assets ratio was 20% as of 30 September 2024, in comparison 
with the 18% average for private banks (as of 31 December 2023, the Group’s ratio was 22%, with the average 
for private banks being 19%).  In addition to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the 
perception of an increased risk of default by the Government in making payments on its securities or the further 
downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely have a significant negative impact on the Turkish banking 
system generally and thus may affect the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Türkiye’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit 
Türkiye has recently and in the past experienced high annual rates of inflation.  High inflation has historically 
been considered one of the most significant problems faced by the Turkish economy and has recently reemerged 
as a significant issue.  As of November 2024, CPI inflation reached 47.1%% on a yearly basis, mainly due to 
high demand, rising costs and disrupted expectations. 
Since 2021, Türkiye has experienced high levels of inflation reaching 64.3% and 64.8% for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2023, respectively, as measured by CPI. 
Although prior policies have had some success in reducing inflation, such policies may not be successful to 
address the recent resurgence of inflation to new highs, especially given Türkiye’s substantial current account 
deficit and global liquidity conditions. 
If the level of inflation in Türkiye continues to increase from already high levels, then the Bank’s costs may 
increase, and, if not accompanied by an increase in interest rates, then its operating and net margins may 
decrease.  Inflationary pressures may also curtail the Bank’s ability to access foreign financial markets and may 
lead to further Government intervention in the economy, including the introduction of Government policies that 
may adversely affect the overall performance of the Turkish economy.  The various impacts of inflation thus 
may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Central Bank closely monitors the U.S. Federal Reserve’s actions and has historically taken action to 
maintain price and financial stability.  The U.S. Federal Reserve held the federal funds rate at around zero from 
March 2020 through the first quarter of 2022.  From March 2022 through July 2023, in order to cope with rising 
inflation, it raised the federal funds rate range to 5.25% to 5.50%.  Multiple rate cuts in 2024, the federal funds 
rate has been cut twice in 2024, to 4.50% from 5.25%.  The Turkish Lira and certain other emerging market 
currencies may depreciate against the U.S. dollar if the U.S. Federal Reserve does not ease monetary policy to 
the degree expected by the financial markets.  The exchange rate increased to TL 34.12 to 1 U.S. dollar as of 30 
September 2024 compared to 29.40 as of 31 December 2023.  Over the nine months ended 30 September 2024, 
Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 16.1%.  As of 4 December 2024, volatility in exchange rate 
continues and the exchange rate reached TL 34.68 per U.S. dollar. 
The size of Türkiye’s current account deficit or adverse changes in its balance of payments position (including 
the availability of external financing for Türkiye) could lead to exchange rate adjustments and higher inflation,

--- Page 43 ---
24 
 
 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations.  In 2021, the current account balance started to improve gradually compared to 2020, which had 
been impacted by conditions stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, due increased exports and export prices 
with the return of global demand.  Meanwhile, the recovery in services gained momentum on the back of the 
acceleration of vaccination and lifting of COVID-19-related restrictions.  However, the current account deficit 
increased to U.S.$41 billion ((3.6%) of GDP) as of 31 December 2023, on a 12-month rolling basis, primarily 
due to geopolitical factors, including the conflict in Ukraine, and related higher energy prices.  In the services 
sector, net revenue from the tourism and the transportation sector increased by 11% and 7% respectively, over 
the year ended 31 December 2023.  On a 12-month rolling basis, tourism and transportation revenues reached 
U.S.$46.0 billion and U.S.$19.8 billion in September 2024, respectively.  Various events including any 
deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye’s primary export customers and geopolitical risks (such as 
tariffs imposed by the United States on imports from Türkiye), as well as an increase in energy prices, might 
result in an increase in the current account deficit, including due to the possible impact on Türkiye’s foreign 
trade and tourism revenues. 
Türkiye is an energy-dependent country and any geopolitical development concerning energy security could 
have a material impact on Türkiye’s current account balance.  In 2022, Türkiye’s 12 months rolling current 
account deficit and net energy imports increased to U.S.$46.6 billion and U.S.$80.1 billion, respectively, with 
increases in energy prices related to the tension between Russia and Ukraine.  In 2023, Türkiye’s 12 months 
rolling current account deficit and net energy imports decreased to U.S $40.5 billion and U.S.$52.7 billion, 
respectively.  As of September 2024, Türkiye’s 12-month rolling current account deficit and net energy imports 
increased to U.S.$9.7 billion and U.S.$47.8 billion, respectively.  Türkiye’s current account balance may face 
further pressure, due to a variety of factors, including related to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, geopolitical 
tensions in the Middle East, increased sanctions on oil-producing countries or further concerns around global 
energy supply.  A higher current account deficit may have an adverse effect on the overall performance of the 
Turkish economy and thus may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
The current account deficit is a significant concern for policy makers and may be subject to further intervention.  
Should the Central Bank adopt any additional measures to limit any increase in the current account deficit, such 
measures would likely reduce economic growth and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  However, given Türkiye’s savings and investments 
structure, it is not possible for Türkiye to achieve its targeted growth figures without current account imbalances.  
Should the current account deficit widen persistently, this may lead to a further downward pressure on the 
Turkish Lira and continued inflationary consequences. 
High inflation rates might distort the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, with nominal growth 
rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly exceeding 
the rates as measured on a constant-currency basis. 
The value of the Turkish Lira fluctuates against other currencies 
Macroeconomic uncertainties may result in volatility in the value of the Turkish Lira, which could in turn 
adversely impact the Bank’s capital adequacy and, if there is any downturn in the global financial markets, this 
could have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s debt servicing ability.  In particular, the value of the Turkish Lira 
depreciated against major currencies in the recent years largely due to the increased risk perception in global 
markets regarding Türkiye, the market’s expectation of the U.S. Federal Reserve’s increase of the U.S. federal 
funds rate and the uncertainty resulting from the general elections in Türkiye and other political events.  See “—
Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.” 
See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Exchange Rates” for details on recent trends in the Turkish 
Lira relative to the U.S. dollar. 
The CBRT has intervened, and may choose to intervene again in the future, in the foreign exchange market to 
support local currency.

--- Page 44 ---
25 
 
 
In the past, the Central Bank has used interest rate adjustments to address fluctuations in the Turkish Lira.  Since 
2020, interest rates have been adjusted on a number of occasions in response to macroeconomic pressures, 
including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and global financial conditions, such as inflation.  Contrary 
to the expectations of some market participants, from the second half of 2021 the Central Bank shifted its 
monetary policy, decreasing the policy rate (reaching a low of 8.5% from February 2023).  Between January 
2022 and June 2023, the Central Bank also introduced a number of measures aimed at supporting the Turkish 
Lira without increasing interest rates, such as macroprudential measures requiring maintenance of securities for 
foreign currency deposits, reserve requirements for selected TL-denominated commercial cash loans and an 
FX-protected deposit scheme.  After the presidential elections in 2023, the monetary policy committee 
announced a gradual process to tighten monetary policy to improve the outlook for inflation. In addition to the 
increases in the policy rate, the monetary policy committee also announced that it would continue to make 
decisions on quantitative tightening and selective credit tightening to support the monetary policy stance.  The 
Central Bank announced that it would simplify the regulatory measures that it had introduced to protect the 
Turkish Lira and, in October 2023, terminated some of the measures for maintenance of securities.  See 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant 
Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates” for details on recent trends in the interest rates set by 
the Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve as well as recent events at the Central Bank. 
The currency remains volatile and the Turkish Lira may depreciate against the U.S. dollar, which may adversely 
affect the financial condition of the clients of the Group, their ability to service debts owed to the Group, the 
Group’s ability to service its foreign currency denominated liabilities (including any liabilities under the Notes) 
and/or Türkiye as a whole.  Any significant further depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or 
other major currencies may as a result have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2024, developments in the macroeconomic environment  (i.e., changes 
in the value of the Turkish Lira, combined with the impact of mark-to-market of available for sale securities) 
has a negative impact of  77 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio excluding regulatory forbearances. 
For a discussion of risks related to current account imbalances and the impact of the Central Bank’s intervention, 
see “—Türkiye’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit”. 
Türkiye’s economy may be impacted by adverse events in other emerging markets 
Emerging markets such as Türkiye are subject to a greater risk of being perceived negatively by investors based 
upon external events (for example, volatility in the emerging markets, monetary policies in the United States 
and the Eurozone, continued violence in the Middle East or a continued slowdown in China’s growth) than 
more-developed markets are, and financial turmoil in any emerging market (or global markets generally) could 
have a “contagion” effect and disrupt the business environment in Türkiye.  Moreover, financial turmoil in one 
or more emerging markets tends to adversely affect stock prices and the prices for debt securities in all emerging 
market countries as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and 
economically developed.  An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies 
could dampen capital flows to Türkiye and adversely affect the Turkish economy.  As a result, investors’ interest 
in the Notes (and thus their price) may be subject to fluctuations that may not necessarily be related to economic 
conditions in Türkiye or the financial performance of the Group. 
While the impact of the global financial crisis of 2008 on Türkiye was relatively limited, Türkiye has been 
adversely affected by such contagion effects on a number of occasions in the past, including following the 
financial crises in 1994 and 2000 to 2001.  Similar developments can be expected to affect the Turkish economy 
in the future, which might, in turn, have an adverse impact on the prices of obligations of Turkish capital markets 
issuances, including the Notes. 
Türkiye’s economy has been undergoing a significant transformation and remains subject to ongoing 
structural and macroeconomic risks 
Since the mid-1980s the Turkish economy has moved from a highly protected state-directed system to a 
market-oriented free enterprise system.  Reforms have, among other things, largely removed price controls and 
reduced subsidies, reduced the role of the public sector in the economy, emphasised growth in the industrial and 
service sectors, liberalised foreign trade, reduced tariffs, promoted export growth, eased capital transfer and

--- Page 45 ---
26 
 
 
exchange controls, encouraged foreign investment, strengthened the independence of the Central Bank, led to 
full convertibility of the Turkish Lira by accepting Article VIII of the International Monetary Fund’s Articles 
of Agreement and overhauled the tax system. 
However, the Turkish economy has also experienced a succession of financial crises and severe macroeconomic 
imbalances.  These include substantial budget deficits, significant current account deficits, high rates of inflation 
and high real rates of interest.  These factors have resulted in a substantial depreciation of the Turkish Lira 
against major foreign currencies, particularly between 1994 and 2001 and since 2021. 
Türkiye may not be able to remain economically stable during any periods of renewed global economic 
weakness due to its reliance on external demand and external financing.  For example, after the global COVID-
19 pandemic resulted in lockdowns all around the world and economic activity halted in the second quarter of 
2020, domestic demand together with the foreign demand reduced sharply driven by such lockdowns and the 
supply-side was also affected negatively.  Both exports and imports decreased in the second quarter whereas 
imports increased more than exports in the third quarter.  This led to an increase in the current account deficit 
which means a higher debt burden for the Turkish economy.  Future negative developments in the Turkish 
economy and failure to achieve growth targets could impair the Bank’s business strategies and have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
According to the latest medium-term plan announced on September 2024, the 2024 inflation forecast has been 
increased to 41.5%, while GDP growth forecasted for 2024 is 3.5%.  In addition, the medium-term plan 
estimated GDP growth as 4.0% and 4.5% for each of 2025 and 2026 and the inflation rate as 17.5% and 9.7% 
for the same years, respectively.  There can be no assurance that these targets will be reached, that the Turkish 
government will continue to implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies successfully or 
that the economic growth achieved in recent years will continue considering external and internal circumstances, 
including the Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary policy while maintaining a lower 
funding rate, the current account deficit and macroeconomic and political factors, such as changes in oil prices 
and uncertainty related with conflicts in Iraq and Syria (see “—Conflict and uncertainty within Türkiye or in 
neighbouring and nearby countries may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects”) and the political developments in Türkiye, including the 
uncertainty resulting from changes in the macroeconomic and regulatory environment between 2019 and 2024. 
(See “—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects”). 
Any of these developments might cause Türkiye’s economy to experience macro-economic imbalances, which 
might impair the Group’s business strategies and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.  See “—Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking 
Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods 
may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking 
sector”. 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which might result in a 
negative impact on the Turkish economy. 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in 
particular the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, hotels and other real estate 
related projects and various energy-related projects (including renewables and non-renewables).  For example, 
significant growth in the number of hotels is projected to occur over the coming years in anticipation of a 
continuing growth in international tourism, which might or might not in fact occur in light of geopolitical, 
economic or other factors.  Any such overdevelopment might lead to a rapid decline in prices of these and other 
properties, or to the failure of some of these projects.  Even if these events do not occur, the pace of development 
of such projects might decline in coming years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, 
which might negatively affect the growth of the Turkish economy.  Should any of these events occur, then this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 46 ---
27 
 
 
Türkiye’s economy may be impacted by uncertainty in the EU 
The EU is Türkiye’s principal export market.  If the EU economies suffer any growth setback or if other factors 
have an adverse impact on Türkiye’s exports to EU, the country’s growth performance would suffer, exposing 
the Bank and its customers to macroeconomic and operational risks. 
The United Kingdom (the “UK”) departed the EU on 31 January 2020, in accordance with a revised withdrawal 
agreement agreed upon by the EU and the UK in October 2019 (“Brexit”).  As of October 2024, the UK is the 
third largest market for Turkish exports and Türkiye’s twelfth largest trade partner in terms of the import of 
goods.  For the duration of the UK’s membership in the EU, the institutional and legal framework of the trade 
and economic relationship between Türkiye and the UK government was the Customs Union between Türkiye 
and the EU.  On 29 December 2020, Türkiye and the UK signed a Free Trade Agreement, which took effect on 
1 January 2021.  The Free Trade Agreement between Türkiye and the UK is relatively new.  Any potential 
problematic provisions or their potential uncertain interpretation could adversely and significantly affect trade 
between Türkiye and the UK and even European or worldwide economic or market conditions, exposing the 
Bank and its customers to macroeconomic and operational risks. 
The Group is subject to risks related to natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophes impacting 
Türkiye that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition 
As one of the largest lenders in Türkiye, increased credit risk, including as a result of a deterioration in economic 
conditions, changes in market conditions, the regulatory environment, or other external factors, such as natural 
disasters (such as the catastrophic earthquakes in southern Türkiye and Syria in February 2023), disease 
pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or related political or social matters, could require the Group to 
increase its provision for credit losses and allowance for credit losses and could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s results of operations and financial condition.  The Group has conservative provisions for its 
potential losses, but may have greater credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent its loans are concentrated 
by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or location of the borrower or collateral.  It may also incur costs 
to support its customers and employees impacted by such catastrophes. 
In February 2023, Türkiye and Syria suffered a catastrophic earthquake centered in the province of 
Kahramanmaraş in southern Türkiye followed by several aftershocks causing a state of emergency to be 
declared in 10 provinces.  In addition to the significant loss of life and damage to infrastructure, the Borsa 
İstanbul suspended trading of stocks and derivatives for five trading days.  The Group’s branches, employees 
and customers located in the areas directly impacted by the earthquake have suffered material disruptions and 
several employees tragically lost their lives.  The full impact on Türkiye’s economy remain uncertain but is 
expected to be substantial.  In turn, the extent of the impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
prospects, remains uncertain. 
The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered 
equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets and caused 
disruptions in economic and commercial activities in Türkiye.  The spread of the virus and measures taken to 
minimize its spread resulted in volatility in gross domestic product, unemployment rates, foreign trade balances 
and housing prices.  The outbreak of the COVID-19 global pandemic impacted the Group’s business and the 
businesses of its customers.  During the COVID-19 pandemic, measures by the Turkish government to minimize 
its negative impacts on the economy impacted the Bank, such as postponements to assist customers that 
permitted borrowers to delay principal and interest payments by three months. 
Impacts to the Turkish economy and banking sector from COVID-19, the 2023 earthquakes, or other pandemics, 
natural disasters or catastrophes may be significant, which in turn may materially and adversely impact the 
Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry 
The Turkish banking system is subject to systemic risks 
The Turkish financial sector has gone through major changes as a result of the financial liberalisation 
programme that started in the early 1980s.  The abolition of directed credit policies, the liberalisation of deposit 
and credit interest rates and liberal exchange rate policies, as well as the adoption of international banking

--- Page 47 ---
28 
 
 
regulations have accelerated the structural transformation of the Turkish banking sector.  Since the 1980s, the 
Turkish banking sector has experienced a significant expansion and development in the number of banks, 
employment in the sector, diversification of services and technological infrastructure.  The significant volatility 
of the Turkish Lira and foreign exchange markets experienced in 1994, 1998 and in 2001, combined with the 
short foreign exchange positions held by many Turkish banks at those times, affected the profitability and 
liquidity of certain Turkish banks.  In 2001, this resulted in the collapse of several banks. 
Following this crisis, the Government made structural changes to the Turkish banking system to strengthen the 
private (i.e. non-governmental) banking sector and to allow it to compete more effectively against the 
state-controlled banks (Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”), Türkiye Vakiflar Bankası T.A.O. 
(“Vakıfbank”) and T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”)).  In 2017, the state shares in Ziraat and Halkbank were 
transferred to the Turkish Sovereign Wealth Fund (Türkiye Varlık Fonu) (the “TWF”).  However, there has 
been no change in the legal status of any of the banks transferred to the TWF, and the TWF is expected to be 
managed by the Türkiye Wealth Fund Management Joint Stock Corporation (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi 
A.Ş.), the sole shareholder of which is the Privatization Administration (Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı) of the 
Ministry of Treasury and Finance of the Republic of Türkiye.  Notwithstanding these changes, the Turkish 
banking sector remains subject to volatility. 
If the general macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye and the Turkish banking sector in particular were to suffer 
another crisis, this could result in further bank failures, reduced liquidity and weaker public confidence in the 
Turkish banking system.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” in this Base Prospectus for a further discussion 
of the Turkish banking regulatory environment. 
Increased competition in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The level of competition in the Turkish banking sector has remained intense in the past several years as a result 
of the increased presence of public banks in the private sector and foreign bank interest in Türkiye as well as 
the impact of regulatory policy in a number of areas (such as deposits). See “The profitability and profitability 
growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, 
competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”.  According to the BRSA, as of 30 
September 2024, the top seven banking groups in Türkiye (including the Bank), three of which are 
state-controlled, held in aggregate, approximately 80% of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan portfolio, 
approximately 77% of total banking assets in Türkiye and approximately 87% of total deposits in Türkiye.  Loan 
growth in the banking sector in Türkiye was 55%, 53% and 36% over the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022, 
and 2021, respectively, and 31% over the nine months ended 30 September 2024, while deposit growth was %, 
70%, 69%, 51%, and 22%, respectively, according to BRSA monthly data. 
In addition to private banks, the Bank also faces competition from state-owned financial institutions, such as 
Halkbank, Vakıfbank and Ziraat.  These government-owned financial institutions historically focused on 
government and government-related projects but are increasingly focusing on the private sector (including retail 
and SMEs), thereby increasing competition and pressure on margins.  In particular, such government-owned 
institutions may have access to payroll accounts of state employees, low-cost deposits (on which such 
institutions pay low or no interest) through State Economic Enterprises owned or administered by the 
Government, which could result in a lower cost of funds that cannot be duplicated by private banks.  Continued 
expansion by government-owned financial institutions is, particularly when combined with ongoing competitive 
pressures from private financial institutions, expected to continue to adversely impact swap adjusted net interest 
margins in the Turkish banking market. 
During recent years, foreign banks have shown an increased interest in the banking sector in Türkiye.  Foreign 
banks such as BNP Paribas, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, 
Burgan Bank, ING, Qatar National Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar and Emirates NBD have acquired interests 
in Turkish banks.  In addition, various banks, such as Odeabank and Bank of China, have also established their 
own franchises.  The Bank believes that further entries into the Turkish banking sector by foreign competitors, 
either directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish banks, could further increase competition in the market.  
In addition to direct investment, foreign banks are expanding their business presences in Türkiye, further 
increasing competitive pressures.  For example, the acquisition of Denizbank by Emirates NBD was completed 
in July 2019 and the acquisition of Garanti Bank by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. was completed in 
the first half of 2022.  There can be no assurance that further competitive pressures will not result in continued

--- Page 48 ---
29 
 
 
margin compression, which may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not 
be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector 
The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to other applicable regulations might have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s profitability, especially as competition or regulation limit the ability of 
the Bank to control interest rates or loan rates. 
Although steps have been taken to normalise the regulatory environment since June 2023, certain banking 
regulations (including those related to limiting loan growth and higher reserve requirements, including Turkish 
Lira fixed-rate long-term government bonds holding requirements) continue to make it challenging for the Bank 
to grow its loan book and/or to manage its margins. 
The Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which regulate, among other things, stress testing 
for liquidity and the calculation of internal capital adequacy, have been subject to frequent amendment in recent 
years in order to, among other aims, mitigate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, address macroeconomic 
concerns such as inflation and foreign exchange rates, including de-dollarisation of the economy and if further 
amendments prove adverse to the Group, they could have a material impact on its profitability and results. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) 
caps the POS commission rates that banks apply to purchases of goods and services and sets standardised fees 
and caps for commercial customers.  Banks will not be able to charge any account maintenance fees for 
commercial customers.  A cap on money transfer fees has been introduced, which varies in accordance with the 
amount of the transaction.  In addition, caps have been introduced on credit card cash withdrawals.  Such 
changes are likely to impact the Group’s net fees and commissions income. 
Still other regulations limit the expansion of individual loans (especially credit card instalments) and set the fees 
and commissions that banks may charge customers and limits their levels.  BRSA approval is required for any 
Turkish bank to charge any fees and commissions other than as cited in the regulation. 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations” for details on these 
amendments and other regulations impacting the Group. 
Determinations by regulators or courts of non-compliance with regulation has resulted in and may in the future 
result in the Group paying fines as well as other repercussions.  For example, in 2013, an administrative fine of 
TL 149,961,870 was imposed on the Bank due to a Competition Law infringement.  A reduced fine of TL 
112,471,402.50 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for the cancellation of the fine.  
Subsequently, the decision was made to cancel the imposition of the administrative fine on the Bank.  The legal 
process is ongoing and the necessary process for the refund of the fine is expected to be initiated by the Bank. 
In 2016, an administrative fine of TL 116,254,138 was imposed on Bank due to a Consumer Protection Law 
infringement.  A fine of TL 87,190,603 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for the 
cancellation of the fine.  The legal process is ongoing. A tax penalty of TL 129 million was imposed on the 
Bank for the years 2008-2010, which the Bank settled with the tax authority by paying TL 25.8 million and a 
delay penalty.  In 2020, an administrative fine of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank due to infringement 
of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 5684 and other relevant legislations provisions.  A TL 140,328,637.50 
fine was paid as legal remission.  
The Group’s profitability may be materially and negatively affected in the short term and possibly in the long 
term as a result of a number of such regulatory factors that are generally impacting the Turkish banking sector.  
If the pressure on net reversals on loans, investment securities and credit related commitments continues, this 
may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial condition and results of operations as well as the 
Bank’s ability to make payments under the Notes.  Such factors include increased competition, particularly as 
it impacts net interest margins (see “—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—Increased competition 
in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group”) and the Central Bank and 
BRSA regulatory actions that seek to limit the growth of Turkish banks through various conventional and 
unconventional policy measures, including increased interest rates, increased reserve requirements, increased

--- Page 49 ---
30 
 
 
general provisioning requirements, changes in the foreign exchange legislation and higher risk weighting for 
general purpose loans. 
The Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in the past 
and may in the future change rapidly 
The Group is subject to a number of banking and other regulations designed to maintain the safety and financial 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations, and limit their exposure to 
risk.  These regulations include the implementation of international standards (particularly in regard to Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision requirements) as well as Turkish laws and regulations (and in particular 
those of the BRSA and the Central Bank), as well as laws and regulations of certain other countries where the 
Group operates. 
Banking laws and regulations in Türkiye and the manner in which those laws and regulations are applied to the 
operations of financial institutions are still evolving.  New regulations may be implemented rapidly, without 
substantial consultation with the industry, which may not allow sufficient time for the Group to adjust its 
strategy to deal with such changes.  New regulations may increase the Group’s cost of doing business or limit 
its activities.  Turkish banking regulations may rapidly change in response to the current economic environment.  
For example, in 2015 and 2016, the BRSA implemented numerous measures as part of its efforts of 
implementing Basel III which have come into force in recent years.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Basel III”.  The BRSA from time to time promulgates new regulations and guidelines as part of its attempt to 
adjust the Turkish banking system to Basel requirements.  See “—The profitability and profitability growth of 
Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, 
competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”. 
In the future, new laws or regulations might be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that could increase 
the Group’s cost of compliance and have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash 
flows and/or results of operations.  In addition, a breach of regulatory guidelines could expose it to potential 
liabilities or sanctions.  Changes in these regulations may have a material effect on the Group’s business and 
operations.  Moreover, any failure to adopt adequate responses to such changes in the regulatory framework 
may have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. 
The Group is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Bank and its subsidiaries require licences by the relevant 
authorities in each jurisdiction in which they operate.  A large majority of the Group’s business depends on the 
Bank’s Turkish banking licence from the BRSA.  If the Bank loses its general banking licence, then it will be 
unable to perform any banking operations in Türkiye.  Although the Bank believes that it and its subsidiaries 
have the necessary licences for their banking and other operations and that each of the Bank and its subsidiaries 
are currently in compliance with their existing material licences and reporting obligations, there is no assurance 
that they will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future.  The loss of a licence, a breach of the 
terms of any licence or the failure to obtain any further required licences in the future could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s financial condition and/or results of operations.  Further description of the 
applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Audit of Banks” and 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment—Cancellation of Banking Licence” in the Base Prospectus. 
The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering and terrorist financing 
The Group has implemented internal measures compliant with international standards aimed at preventing it 
from being used as a conduit for money laundering (including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing.  
However, such measures, procedures and compliance may not be completely effective.  If the Group is 
associated with money laundering (including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing, the Bank could suffer 
serious damage to its reputation, including among its network of correspondent banks in foreign countries, 
which could affect its ability to maintain existing relationships, attract new business and provide services to its 
customers.  The Group could also become subject to fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement (including being 
added to any “blacklists” that would prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions with the Group), 
which could materially adversely affect the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 50 ---
31 
 
 
In October 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Working Group 
on Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention.  In this report, 
the OECD Working Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-bribery enforcement and 
recommended that Türkiye improve its efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute allegations of 
foreign bribery.  The OECD Working Group also expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s 
corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and made several recommendations to 
address these concerns.  In addition, on 21 October 2021, the Financial Action Task Force (the “FATF”) placed 
Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated supervision of its legal framework for 
combatting terrorism and money laundering.  The FATF cited concerns about inadequate supervision of 
Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken 
insufficient prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets).  Subsequently, the FATF 
rerated Türkiye in light of Türkiye’s progress in addressing the FATF’s concerns, such that as of October 2023 
Türkiye is still on the grey list, although has only one recommendation remaining rated “partially compliant” 
and no recommendations rated non-compliant.  On 23 February 2024, the FATF announced that Türkiye has 
completed a significant part of its action plan.  Nevertheless, any lasting perception of transactions involving 
Türkiye as being a higher risk jurisdiction may adversely impact investor’s willingness to invest in Türkiye 
and/or engage with Turkish banks or may subject transactions in Türkiye to heightened due diligence at 
additional cost, either of which could have a material effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Optional Redemption – If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period when the Bank 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This may similarly be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Bank may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Change of interest basis – If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of 
an investment in relevant Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as “Green”, “Social” and “Sustainable” 
Notes, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not meet investor 
expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche may provide that the net proceeds of the issuance 
of the Notes (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the financing and/or refinancing of a 
portfolio of loans (the “Eligible Loan Portfolio”) consisting of:  (i) with respect to a “Green” financial

--- Page 51 ---
32 
 
 
instrument, certain eligible green loans (“Eligible Green Loans”), (ii) with respect to a “Social” financial 
instrument, certain eligible social loans (“Eligible Social Loans”) and (iii) with respect to a “Sustainable” 
financial instrument, Eligible Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans (“Eligible Sustainable Loans”), each 
in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework (the “Sustainable Finance Framework”), as 
further described in “Use of Proceeds” or the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer may request, on an annual 
basis, starting one year after the issuance of any such Notes and until full allocation, a limited assurance report 
of the allocation of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to the Eligible Loan Portfolio, provided by a 
qualified external party.  A prospective investor in any such Notes should have regard to the information in 
“Use of Proceeds” and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of such Notes and must determine for itself the relevance of such information (together with any other 
investigation that such investor deems necessary, including a review of the then-applicable Sustainable Finance 
Framework) for the purpose of any investment by such investor in such Notes.  In addition, the Sustainable 
Finance Framework can be amended by the Issuer at any time without the consent of the Noteholders and none 
of the Issuer or the Dealers assumes any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the 
Sustainable Finance Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of 
publication of the Sustainable Finance Framework.  In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealers, or any other person that the use of such proceeds for any such financing and/or refinancing of the loans 
in the Eligible Loan Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or part, any present or future expectations of such 
investor or any of such investor’s requirements with respect to any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor and/or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any uses, the subject of or 
related to, the Eligible Loan Portfolio. 
There is no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market consensus as to what constitutes 
or may be classified as, a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or similarly labelled project or as to what attributes 
are required for a particular project to be so considered, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly 
change.  The EU’s proposed regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject to a phased implementation, may provide some definition for such 
topics within the EU.  However, the full scope and applicability of the EU Taxonomy, as well as exactly when 
it will take effect, remains uncertain.  Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person) to any investor in such Notes that:  (a) any financing and/or refinancing of the 
loans in the Eligible Loan Portfolio will meet all or any of such investor’s expectations regarding any “green”, 
“social”, “sustainability” or similarly labelled performance objectives or investment criteria, (b) any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any such financing 
and/or refinancing or (c) the Sustainable Finance Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy or any 
other sustainability framework. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that might or might not be made available in connection with the issuance 
of such Notes, including (in particular) to the extent addressing whether any financing and/or refinancing of any 
loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio fulfils any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria.  Any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification does not, nor shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
“green”, “social” or “sustainable” Tranche of Notes.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is 
only current as of the date it was issued.  Prospective investors in any such Notes must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification, the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes.  
Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
oversight or regulatory or other regime.  Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the 
Dealers or the provider of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the contents of any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“social”, “sustainability” or other equivalently-labelled stock exchange or securities market (or segment

--- Page 52 ---
33 
 
 
thereof), whether or not regulated, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.  In addition, the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading might vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  No representation 
or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of such Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) and 
obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so.  
In addition, there can be no assurance that any financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio will be completed within any specified period or at all or with respect to the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environmental goals, social goals, sustainability goals or similar goals) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event, or the withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Notes no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, or any such failure to 
apply the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) for any financing and/or refinancing of any 
loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and 
certifications and irrespective of the results or outcome or otherwise of any financing and/or refinancing of any 
loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio, as well as the existence of any potential mismatch between the duration of 
the financing and/or refinancing of a loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio and the term of such Notes will not:  (i) 
constitute an event of default under such Notes or a breach or violation of any term of the Notes; or (ii) give rise 
to any other claim or right (including any right to accelerate such Notes) of an investor in respect of such Notes 
against the Issuer; or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the 
Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any applicable optional redemption rights in respect of such 
Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes; or (iv) result in any step-up or 
increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts, as applicable in respect of any Notes, or 
otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any Notes. 
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Notes no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as above, may adversely affect 
the reputation of the Issuer and could have a material adverse effect on the value of an investment in such Notes 
and also potentially the value of any other notes, including (without limitation) notes which are intended to 
finance the Issuer’s financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has 
applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018 to the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark

--- Page 53 ---
34 
 
 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed).  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK.  Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
EURIBOR are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high-level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group 
issued its final statement announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such reforms may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR): 
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark.  Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or part) upon certain benchmarks (such as 
EURIBOR). 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark discontinuation provisions 
under Condition 6.4 in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing 
EURIBOR. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, may adversely 
affect the return on and the market value of Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that in the case of certain Floating Rate Notes, the Conditions of the Notes provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a relevant benchmark including an inter-bank offered rate 
(such as EURIBOR) or the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) is discontinued or no longer published 
or another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) as applicable otherwise occurs. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes) on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), as applicable, and that such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, may be adjusted (if required) 
as a result of the replacement of the relevant benchmark with the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, and amendments could also be made to the Conditions of the 
Notes and/or the Agency Agreement without the consent or approval of holders of the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be.  In the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally

--- Page 54 ---
35 
 
 
recommended or provided for and any Benchmark Amendments, and any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and related amendments, the relevant replacement and adjustment 
(if any) and any such amendments shall be determined by (i) the Issuer following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) or (ii) in the case of SOFR, by the Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonably manner.  Any Adjustment Spread or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (each as defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes) that is applied may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice 
to investors.  The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) or SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including with the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant benchmark were to continue 
to apply in its current form. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser and the potential for further regulatory development, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of and return 
on any such Notes.  Any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes and could also have a material 
adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR (“SOFR-Linked Notes”), interest will be 
determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes).  Compounded 
Daily SOFR differs from interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR, in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SOFR is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free or 
secured overnight rate, whereas an interbank offered rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that there 
may be a material difference in the behaviour of interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR, and 
overnight rates, such as SOFR, as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes.  The use of SOFR as a 
reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
debt securities referencing SOFR. 
The FRBNY publishes certain historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical 
indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations.  Potential investors in SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SOFR 
as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR.  For example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market 
rates (see “Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes—SOFR may be more volatile than other 
benchmarks or market rates” below).  Accordingly, SOFR over the term of any SOFR-Linked Notes may bear 
little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption 
as an alternative to interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR.  For example, in the context of 
backwards-looking SOFR rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, currently exploring forward-looking ‘term’ SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term).  The adoption of SOFR may

--- Page 55 ---
36 
 
 
also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from U.S. dollar LIBOR or 
another reference rate to SOFR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions of the Notes in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded Daily SOFR is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions 
when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out in Condition 6.2(b)(iii).  The nascent 
development of Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as 
continued development of SOFR-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
SOFR-Linked Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR as a reference rate in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR as a 
reference rate across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SOFR is a relatively new market reference rate, Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid.  Market terms for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SOFR, 
such as the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result.  Further, 
if Compounded Daily SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR may be lower than those of debt securities referencing other 
reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR may not be able to sell such Notes at 
all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk.  There can also be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in such Notes.  If the manner in which 
SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SOFR-Linked Notes 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the FRBNY, 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to 
U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the 
overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market.  However, as a rate based on transactions secured by 
U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate 
with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks.  This may mean that market participants would not 
consider SOFR a suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR 
historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding 
costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR.  Any failure of SOFR to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily SOFR and the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary 
market.

--- Page 56 ---
37 
 
 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SOFR-Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant SOFR Observation Period (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(C)) and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating 
Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on 
each Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes 
without changes to their information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes.  Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating 
Rate Notes shall only be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable. 
SOFR may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR.  Although changes in Compounded 
SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value 
and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR may fluctuate more than 
floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates.  In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the 
underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market.  The FRBNY has at times conducted 
operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a 
target range.  There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the future, 
and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain.  The effect of any such operations, 
or of the cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially 
adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked Notes. 
The interest rate on SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily SOFR, which is relatively new 
in the marketplace and may be determined by reference to the SOFR Index, which is a relatively new market 
index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR is 
based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the 
SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of 
SOFR rates during such Interest Period.  The SOFR Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding 
SOFR on a unit of investment over time.  The value of the SOFR Index on a particular business day reflects the 
effect of compounding SOFR on such business day and allows the calculation of Compounded Daily SOFR 
averages over custom time periods.  For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate.  Further, 
if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, its contribution to the 
relevant compounded rate will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to such compounded rate used to 
calculate the interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR on the interest 
payment date for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedents exist for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies.  In addition, the FRBNY only began 
publishing the SOFR Index very recently.  Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SOFR set 
out in the Conditions and the use of the SOFR Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SOFR 
may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all.  If the market adopts a different calculation 
method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any SOFR-Linked Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
38 
 
 
There can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes 
SOFR is published by the FRBNY as the administrator of SOFR based on data received from sources other than 
the Issuer.  The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR.  The 
administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR, or discontinue SOFR, and it 
has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so.  The FRBNY (or any 
successor) as the administrator of SOFR may make methodological or other changes that could change the value 
of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable 
to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR.  In addition, the 
administrator of SOFR may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case 
a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SOFR-Linked Notes will apply, as further described 
in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). 
There can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes.  If the manner in which SOFR is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on any SOFR-Linked Notes, 
which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes.  If the rate at which interest accrues on any SOFR-
Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be payable on such 
Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period.  The administrator of SOFR has no obligation to 
consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SOFR.  In addition, the administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify or amend the published 
SOFR rate or other SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely affect the value and market price 
of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuer, 
and the Issuer has no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or 
the availability of the SOFR Index at any time.  There can be no guarantee, particularly given its relatively 
recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
where Index Determination is applicable.  If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest 
payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is 
applicable and the trading prices of such Notes.  In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend the 
published SOFR Index or other SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice.  The interest rate for any 
Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or other SOFR 
data that the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined. 
The market continues to develop in relation to TLREF 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Notes (“TLREF Referenced Notes”) will be determined by reference to the Turkish Lira Overnight Reference 
Rate (“TLREF”), interest will be determined on the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date in respect of 
the relevant Interest Period by reference to the BIST TLREF Index and the relevant published TLREF Index 
(each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes).  TLREF differs from the Turkish Lira Interbank Offer Rate 
(“TRLIBOR”) in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that TLREF is a backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas TRLIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and incorporating a credit risk-element based upon inter-bank lending.  As such, investors should 
be aware that TRLIBOR and TLREF might behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes.  
The use of TLREF as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and is subject to change, both in terms 
of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of debt securities referencing TLREF.  Accordingly, prospective investors in any TLREF-
Referenced Notes should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to TLREF as a reference rate 
in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to TRLIBOR.

--- Page 58 ---
39 
 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of TLREF that differs significantly from that 
set out in Condition 6.2(b)(iv).  In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing TLREF that 
differ materially compared with any previous TLREF-Referenced Notes issued by it.  The continuing 
development of TLREF as an interest reference rate for the capital markets, as well as continued development 
of TLREF-based rates and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, might result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any TLREF-Referenced Notes from time to 
time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of TLREF in the Eurobond market might differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of TLREF in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of TLREF across these 
markets might impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of investments in TLREF-Referenced Notes. 
Since the BIST TLREF Index is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF might 
have no established trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might 
not be very liquid.  Market terms for debt securities indexed to TLREF, such as the spread over the index 
reflected in interest rate provisions, might evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment 
in TLREF-referenced securities might be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that also reference to 
TLREF.  Similarly, if TLREF does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar or comparable 
to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in TLREF-referenced Floating Rate Notes might be lower 
than that of debt securities that are referenced to rates that are more widely used.  An investor in TLREF-
Referenced Notes might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide 
that investor with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, as a 
result, that investor might suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk with respect to its investment 
in such TLREF-Referenced Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF entails significant risks not associated 
with similar investments in conventional debt securities.  Any investor should ensure that it understands the 
nature of the terms of such Notes and the extent of its exposure to the risks related to such terms and that it 
considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light of its own circumstances and financial 
condition.  An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks associated with an 
investment in Notes that reference TLREF and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of the 
Interest Period for TLREF-Referenced Notes.  Interest on TLREF-Referenced Notes is only capable of being 
determined immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It might be difficult for investors 
in Notes that reference TLREF to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such TLREF-
Referenced Notes, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, if 
TLREF-Referenced Notes become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or 
are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, then the Rate of Interest (as defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes) payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such TLREF-Referenced Notes 
shall only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which such TLREF-Referenced Notes 
become due and payable. 
TLREF may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
holders of TLREF-Referenced Notes.  As TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index are published by Borsa İstanbul, 
the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication.  There can be no guarantee that 
TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF.  If the manner in 
which TLREF is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes.  Furthermore, to the extent 
the BIST TLREF Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF will be determined using the alternative methods described in 
Condition 6.2(b)(iv).  Such alternative methods might result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such Notes if TLREF and/or

--- Page 59 ---
40 
 
 
the BIST TLREF Index had been provided by Borsa İstanbul in its current form.  In addition, the use of such 
alternative methods might also result in a fixed Rate of Interest being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors may need to open a bank account in the Specified 
Currency or payment may be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the currency in 
which payment is made may affect the value of the Notes or such payment to the relevant Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes, unless an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars as 
provided in Condition 7.10 is made, holders of such Notes may need to open and maintain a Turkish Lira-
denominated bank account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either in or 
outside of Türkiye.  For so long as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such 
a bank account will be unable to transfer Turkish Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of any 
sale of, such Notes) from its account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to which any such payment is 
made. 
Under Condition 7.10, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes 
from the Bank after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent will use reasonable 
efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter.  If it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with any 
Turkish Lira funds received, the relevant payments in respect of the Notes will be made in Turkish Lira. 
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira-denominated Notes for 
the purposes of Condition 7.10 is irrevocable:  (a) its exercise may (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of 
the applicable Notes, (b) a Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes 
in exchange rates or other market conditions and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the 
conversion of the amount paid by the Bank in Turkish Lira, Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in 
Turkish Lira. 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other person for any reduction in value to the 
holder of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being 
made in the Specified Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as 
a result of any foreign exchange rate spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of 
such payment into any currency other than the Specified Currency.  Such exchange, and any fees and 
commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified Currency may result in a Noteholder receiving 
an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have obtained had it received the payment in 
the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had been made in 
accordance with the relevant currency election. 
Potential price volatility – Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price 
volatility in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks Related to Renminbi denominated Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”) may be issued under the Programme.  Renminbi Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are still significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present.  The government of the PRC (the “PRC 
Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant 
reduction over the years by the PRC Government of control over trade transactions involving the import and 
export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions.  These transactions 
are known as current account items.  Currently, participating banks in a number of jurisdictions (the “Applicable

--- Page 60 ---
41 
 
 
Jurisdictions”) have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account trade transactions in 
Renminbi.  However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and out of the PRC for the purposes of 
capital account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific 
approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case 
basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system.  Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing gradually. 
Although from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by 
the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) in 2018, there is 
no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross border remittance 
of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC.  In the event that 
funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Bank to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Notes and the Bank’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  Currently, licensed banks in Singapore and Hong Kong 
may offer limited Renminbi denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and 
specified business customers.  The PBoC has Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms for participating 
banks in the Applicable Jurisdictions through settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the 
clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “RMB 
Clearing Banks”), and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi 
trade transactions. 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC.  The 
relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions 
resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross border trade settlement.  The relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign 
exchange transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from 
outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes.  To the extent 
the Bank is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance 
that the Bank will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.  If Renminbi is not available 
in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the Bank can make 
payments in U.S. dollars (converted at the spot rate), if RMB Currency Events are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors.  
In August 2015, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the midpoint against the U.S. dollar to 
take into account market-maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint.  This change, among others that 
may be implemented may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies.  All 
payments of interest and principal will be made with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi unless otherwise 
specified.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign 
currencies, the value of investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline.

--- Page 61 ---
42 
 
 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), the Bank is unable, or it is 
impractical for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the Conditions of the Notes allow the Bank to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided in more detail in the Conditions 
of the Notes.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange rates 
in the marketplace.  If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of a holder’s investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will decline. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility.  The Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate.  
Consequently, the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in interest rates.  If a holder 
of Renminbi Notes tries to sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer that is less 
than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the CNY Settlement Centre(s).  All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are 
represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or 
(ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained 
in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than described in 
the Conditions of the Notes, the Bank cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in 
any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).  This may 
affect the ability of the Bank to perform its obligations under the Renminbi Notes. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions.  The value of the Noteholder’s investment in the Renminbi 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to 
acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be subordinated to those of certain 
other creditors 
Under Turkish law, certain obligations of the Bank will rank in preference to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve and/or liquidity requirements required by law to be 
maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual depositors with the Bank to the extent of 
any amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund of 
Türkiye (the “SDIF”), claims that the SDIF may have against the Bank and claims that the Central Bank may 
have against the Bank with respect to certain loans made by it to the Bank).  Any such preferential claims may 
reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank 
and may result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its investment.

--- Page 62 ---
43 
 
 
The Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank.  Accordingly, any claims 
against the Bank under the Notes would be unsecured claims.  The ability of the Bank to pay such claims will 
depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength and ability to generate asset flows. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons – The Bank will have the right to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence 
of certain changes requiring it to pay withholding taxes in excess of current levels, if any, applicable to 
interest or other payments on the Notes 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds issued by Turkish legal entities outside of 
Türkiye varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as specified under Decree No. 2009/14592 
dated 12 January 2009, which has been amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree 
No. 2011/1854 dated 26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax 
Decrees”).  Pursuant to the Tax Decrees:  (a) with respect to bonds with a maturity of less than one year, the 
withholding tax rate on interest is 7%, (b) with respect to bonds with a maturity of at least one and less than 
three years, the withholding tax rate on interest is 3%, and (c) with respect to bonds with a maturity of three 
years and more, the withholding tax rate on interest is 0%.  Also, in the case of early redemption, the redemption 
date might be considered to be the maturity date and (if so) higher withholding tax rates might apply accordingly.  
The Bank will have the right to redeem the Notes at any time (including in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
prior to their maturity date if, upon the occurrence:  (i) of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9.1) or (ii) any change in the application or official 
interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes 
effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, 
on the next Interest Payment Date the Bank would be required:  (A) to pay additional amounts in respect of such 
Series of Notes as provided or referred to in Condition 9 on account of any Taxes (as defined in Condition 9.1) 
and (B) to make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the prevailing applicable rates on the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and such requirement cannot be 
avoided by the Bank taking reasonable measures available to it.  Upon such a redemption, investors in such 
Series of Notes might not be able to reinvest the amounts received at a rate that will provide the same rate of 
return as their investment in the Notes and, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption could take 
place on any relevant date during an Interest Period. 
This redemption feature is also likely to limit the market value of the Notes at any time when the Bank has the 
right to redeem them as provided above, as the market value at such time will generally not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may similarly be true in the period before such time when 
any relevant change in law or regulation is yet to become effective. 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and interests in Global Notes 
can only be held through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Although the Notes have been authorised by the CMB pursuant to Decree 32 regarding the Protection of the 
Value of the Turkish Currency and the Capital Markets Law and related legislation as debt securities to be 
offered outside of Türkiye, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered under any applicable 
state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws, or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory 
authorities.  The offering of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made outside of the United States 
pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and from other securities laws.  
Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and other transfers of investments in the Notes may be subject to certain 
transfer restrictions.  Each investor is advised to consult its legal advisers in connection with any such reoffer, 
resale, pledge or other transfer. 
Further to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Bank is required to notify the CRA within three Istanbul 
business days from the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes of the amount, issue date, ISIN (if any), 
interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of the Notes and 
the country of issuance. 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (as applicable) for the accounts of their respective participants, the

--- Page 63 ---
44 
 
 
liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the Global Notes may be reduced to the extent that some 
investors are unwilling to invest in notes held in book-entry form in the name of a participant in DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable.  The ability to pledge interests in the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) may be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate.  In the event of the insolvency of DTC, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes 
are recorded, the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on 
the Notes may be impaired. 
Enforcement of Judgments - Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against the Bank or 
its management 
The Bank is a public joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye.  Many of the Bank’s directors 
and executive officers are residents of Türkiye and a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank and such 
persons are located in Türkiye.  As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon the 
Bank or such persons outside Türkiye, or to enforce judgments or arbitral awards obtained against such parties 
outside Türkiye. 
Under the International Private and Procedure Law of the Republic of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), a judgment of 
a court established in a country, other than the Republic of Türkiye, may not be enforced in Turkish courts in 
certain circumstances.  Although Turkish courts have recognised enforceable judgments of English courts on 
the basis that there is de facto reciprocity between the United Kingdom and Türkiye with respect to enforcement 
of judgments of their respective courts, there is no treaty between the United Kingdom and Türkiye setting out 
the reciprocal enforcement of judgments expressly.  For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments 
and Service of Process”. 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law and the terms are specified with reference to that law 
as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  Similarly, the enforcement rights of the Noteholders against 
the Bank and its assets in Türkiye assume the application of Turkish law as presently in effect.  Any possible 
judicial decision or change to English or Turkish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus may impact the Notes. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira.  The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate that is effective on the 
date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with Turkish law. 
The Global Notes are held by or on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes will be represented by one or more Global Notes, except in certain limited circumstances described 
in the Global Notes that may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined previously in this Base Prospectus), or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC.  
Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form.  Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect 
participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it.  While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the 
relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Bank will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a beneficial interest in the Global 
Notes must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under 
the Notes.  The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 64 ---
45 
 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive bearer Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in bearer form in respect of such holding (should such Notes be 
printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  As a result, such 
binding decisions made by majorities of Noteholders may be adverse to the interests of potential investors. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Further notes may be issued without the consent of the Noteholders 
The Bank may from time to time create and issue further notes without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, subject to terms and conditions which are the same as those of existing Notes, or the same 
except for the amount of the first new payment of interest.  Such new notes may be consolidated and form a 
single series with the existing Notes, provided, however, that such further notes may not be fungible with the 
original Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may adversely affect the value of the original Notes. 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act 
With respect to Notes issued after the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (such 
applicable date the “Grandfathering Date”), the Bank may, under certain circumstances, be required pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”) to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30% on all or a portion of payments of 
interest which are treated as “foreign passthru payments” made on or after the date that is two years after the 
date the term “foreign passthru payment” is defined in a regulation published in the U.S. Federal Register to an 
investor or any other non U.S. financial institution through which payment on the Notes is made that is not in 
compliance with FATCA.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the 
term “foreign passthru payments” have not been filed with the U.S. Federal Register.  If the Bank issues further 
Notes after the Grandfathering Date in respect of an issue of Notes that was originally issued on or before the 
Grandfathering Date, payments on such further Notes may be subject to withholding under FATCA and, should 
the originally issued Notes and the further Notes be indistinguishable (as would likely be the case in such a 
“tap” issue), such payments on the originally issued Notes may also become subject to withholding under

--- Page 65 ---
46 
 
 
FATCA, unless such further Notes are issued pursuant to a “qualified reopening” for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.  The FATCA withholding tax may be triggered if:  (i) the issuer is a foreign financial institution (an 
“FFI,” as defined in FATCA), (ii) the issuer, or any paying agent through which payments on the Notes are 
made, has agreed to provide the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or other applicable authority with 
certain information on its account holders (making the issuer or such paying agent a “Participating FFI,” as 
defined in FATCA) and (iii)(a) an investor does not provide information sufficient for the relevant Participating 
FFI that is making the payment to determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated 
as holding a “United States account” of such FFI, or (b) any FFI through or to which payments on the Notes are 
made is not a Participating FFI or otherwise exempt from FATCA withholding on payments it receives. 
The United States has concluded several intergovernmental agreements (“IGAs”) with other jurisdictions in 
respect of FATCA.  On 29 July 2015, the governments of Türkiye and the United States signed an Agreement 
to Improve International Tax Compliance Through Enhanced Exchange of Information (the “Turkish IGA”).  
Under the Turkish IGA, an entity classified as an FFI that is treated as resident in Türkiye is expected to provide 
the Turkish tax authorities with certain information on U.S. holders of its securities.  Information on U.S. holders 
will be automatically exchanged with the IRS.  The issuer is an FFI and provided it complies with the 
requirements of the Turkish IGA and the Turkish legislation implementing the Turkish IGA, it generally should 
not be subject to FATCA withholding on any payments it receives and it generally should not be required to 
withhold tax on any “foreign passthru payments” that it makes.  Although the issuer may not be required to 
withhold FATCA taxes in respect of any foreign passthru payments it makes under the Turkish IGA, FATCA 
withholding may apply in respect of any payments made on the Notes by any paying agent. 
The application of FATCA to interest, principal or other amounts paid on or with respect to the Notes is not 
currently clear.  If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments on the Notes as a result of a holder’s failure to comply with FATCA, none of the 
issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes, be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax.  As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected. 
Risks related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may 
be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a 
limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value 
of Notes. 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group’s operating results, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory 
environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual 
or expected sale of a large number of Notes, as well as other factors, including the trading market for notes 
issued by or on behalf of the Republic of Türkiye as a sovereign borrower.  In addition, in recent years the global 
financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations which, if repeated in the future, 
could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard to the Group’s results of operations or 
financial condition.

--- Page 66 ---
47 
 
 
Financial turmoil in emerging markets could cause the price of the Notes to suffer 
Türkiye is considered by international investors to be an emerging market.  In general, investing in the securities 
of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging markets, like Türkiye, involves a higher degree of risk 
than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United States, the countries of the 
EU or similar jurisdictions.  The market price of the Notes is influenced by economic and market conditions in 
Türkiye and, to a varying degree, economic and market conditions in both emerging market countries and more 
developed economies.  Financial turmoil in emerging markets in the past have adversely affected market prices 
in the world’s securities markets for companies that operate in developing economies.  Even if the Turkish 
economy remains relatively stable, financial turmoil in these countries could materially adversely affect the 
market price of the Notes. 
Foreign exchange risks and exchange controls-If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the 
investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value 
of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to a devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
a revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in respect of the Notes.  
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  An investor 
may also not be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the Specified 
Currency into the Investor’s Currency, which could materially adversely affect the market value of the Notes.  
There may also be tax consequences for investors. 
Interest Rate Risk – The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes.  Any ratings 
of the Bank or the Group may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Notes, the global financial 
market, the Turkish banking sector, other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section or any other risks.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Notes do not necessarily mean that they are a suitable investment.  A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.  The ratings do not address the marketability of the Notes or any market 
price. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA registered credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain

--- Page 67 ---
48 
 
 
circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation.  As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be:  (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation.  Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification 
or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 68 ---
49 
 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a public joint stock company under the Turkish Commercial Code.  Substantially all of the assets 
of the Bank are located in Türkiye.  As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process 
upon the Bank outside Türkiye or to enforce against it in the courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any 
judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions.  In order to 
enforce such judgments in Türkiye, investors should initiate enforcement lawsuits before the competent Turkish 
courts.  In accordance with Articles 50 - 59 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law 
No. 5718), the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other 
than Türkiye unless: 
(a) 
there is in effect a treaty between such country and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
court judgments, 
(b) 
there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) 
there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of 
Turkish courts. 
There is no treaty between Türkiye and the United Kingdom providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments.  
Turkish courts have rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and 
England, and English law sets out certain criteria on satisfaction of which the courts of England and Wales may 
enforce foreign court judgments by way of summary proceedings, without substantive re-examination of the 
matters adjudicated upon; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case 
basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in England by Turkish courts.  
Moreover, there is uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in Türkiye based upon 
non-Turkish securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country 
other than Türkiye if: 
(i) 
the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed, 
(ii) 
the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Türkiye, 
(iii) 
the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Türkiye between the same parties and 
relating to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue 
and enforceable in Türkiye, 
(iv) 
the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(v) 
the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Türkiye, 
(vi) 
the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process 
under the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(vii) 
the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira.  The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate that is effective on the 
date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with Turkish law. 
Process may be served on the Bank at Beko plc located at Beko House, 1 Greenhill Crescent, Watford, WD18 
8QU, United Kingdom in relation to any proceedings in England in connection with any Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 69 ---
50 
 
 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
i. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 78 to 121 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 
December 2023, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202312/9944774a-36c5-
449d-84c1-7b65efd08132.pdf  
ii. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 75 to 116 of the Base Prospectus dated 2 
December 2022, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/cc66a933-b322-
423d-8e8b-7b90a45335d1.PDF  
iii. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 76 to 117 of the Base Prospectus dated 22 
December 2021, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202112/8c54b434-8467-
4b65-b9c1-10060f534f4d.PDF; 
iv. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 68 to 102 of the Base Prospectus dated 10 
December 2020, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_fd34fd08-5012-4dbb-ba54-ab4840733f55.PDF; 
v. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 68 to 101 of the Base Prospectus dated 23 
December 2019, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_089bc7f5-fe16-472c-8fdf-b5832170a450.pdf; 
vi. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 73 to 103 of the Base Prospectus dated 4 
September 2018, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8a7c4f7b-0dfb-47d9-b7c7-0a70a2d76708.PDF; 
vii. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 65 to 94 of the Base Prospectus dated 29 
September 2017, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus%202017%2029.09.17_8209bb86-7609-
4ac7-a768-9b0bb46b50f8.PDF; 
viii. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 61 to 90 of the Base Prospectus dated 
30 September 2016, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at:  
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_66f62162-98f6-4c5a-a80e-76ca11851cc5.pdf; 
ix. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 57 to 86 of the Base Prospectus dated 27 
November 2015, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6d8fdaaf-97d5-4c9d-ad98-34fac8f7745e.PDF; 
x. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 54 to 83 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 
November 2014, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_726161ed-5061-45b9-8476-
4805154be3b8.PDF?v=17102015;

--- Page 70 ---
51 
 
 
xi. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 65 to 97 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 
September 2013, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_71dc8965-41c6-4da1-8db2-
07fdbf0fabbd.PDF?v=692015; 
xii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-financials/2023/31122023-
consolidated_financials.pdf  
xiii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-financials/2022/31122022-
consolidated_financials.pdf 
xiv. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2021/31122021_consolidated_financials.pdf; 
xv. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 (with 30 September 2023 comparatives 
for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of EY thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-financials/2024/30092024-
consolidated_financials.pdf; 
xvi. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 comparatives

--- Page 71 ---
52 
 
 
for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-financials/2023/30092023-
consolidated_financials.pdf;  
xvii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2023/31122023-unconsolidated_financials.pdf  
xviii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2022/31122022-unconsolidated_financials.pdf; 
xix. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2021/31122021_unconsolidated_financials.pdf; 
xx. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 (with 30 September 2023 comparatives 
for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of EY thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2024/30092024-unconsolidated_financials.pdf; and 
xxi. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 comparatives 
for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2023/30092023-unconsolidated_financials.pdf, 
which shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of this Base Prospectus.  No other part of the 
Issuer’s website forms a part of, or is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.  Any documents themselves 
incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable or of affecting the assessment of the Notes.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, prepare

--- Page 72 ---
53 
 
 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Due to mandatory regulatory requirements, the Bank rotated its auditors following completion of its annual 
audit as of and for the year ended 31 December 2016.  Accordingly, the Bank appointed PwC as its independent 
auditor effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a term of three years.  The Bank renewed PwC’s appointment as 
independent auditor for additional terms of one year each, effective 1 January 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023.  The 
Bank is required to again rotate its external auditors following the year ended 31 December 2023.  In compliance 
with this requirement, PwC, which served as the Bank’s independent auditor through 31 December 2023, was 
replaced by Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of Ernst & 
Young Global Limited) as the independent auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2024 after the 
approval of the first ordinary General Assembly. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been 
reviewed in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim 
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. See the English convenience 
translations of the relevant PwC or EY reports, as applicable, as incorporated by reference herein. With respect 
to the Interim BRSA Financial Statements, PwC or EY, as applicable, has reported that it applied limited 
procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information; however, its report states 
that it did not audit and does not express an opinion on such interim financial information.

--- Page 73 ---
54 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and Registered Notes will be issued in “offshore 
transactions” to non-U.S. Persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and 
may be issued within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions that are 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary 
Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent 
Bearer Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”) 
which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) only to the extent that certification 
(in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note are not U.S. Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. Person, as required by 
U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain 
U.S. Persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any requirement for certification in the manner described above. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these 
purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, 
the Issuer may also give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 74 ---
55 
 
 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all 
interest coupons relating to such Notes (where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, referred to above provide that 
United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, 
redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian law of December 
14, 2005. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S which will be sold in 
offshore transactions to persons other than U.S. Persons outside the United States will initially be represented 
by a global note in registered form (a “Regulation S Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, by a registered note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note”).  Prior to expiry 
of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, 
Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S (including a Regulation S Global Note and 
Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes) or beneficial interests therein may not be offered or sold to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and such beneficial interests 
in a Regulation S Global Note may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and such Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the 
United States or to U.S. persons may only be offered and sold in private transactions to “qualified institutional 
buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”).  The Registered Notes of each 
Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, 
together with a Regulation S Global Note, each a “Registered Global Note”).  No sale of Legended Notes (as 
defined under “U.S. Information” above) in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount. 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary and registered in the 
name of a nominee of that common depositary, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form.  The 
Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.4) 
as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes on the relevant Record Date.  None of the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  Payments 
of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as 
defined in Condition 7.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that 
Condition.

--- Page 75 ---
56 
 
 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the 
Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing 
system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and 
no alternative clearing system is available, (iii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the Registered Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (v) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur no later than 
ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note.  No beneficial owner of an 
interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable.  
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Fiscal Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes but is to be consolidated with such existing Tranche on a date after the Issue Date of 
the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where 
applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the further Tranche is so 
consolidated, which shall not be prior to the expiry of any applicable distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11.  In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will 
become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following the applicable due date.  At the same 
time holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a 
deed of covenant (such deed of covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 22 December 2021 and executed by the Issuer.  In addition, holders of interests 
in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in 
registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC’s standard operating 
procedures. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
57 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in 
effect.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  None of the Issuer nor 
any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests.  Information in this section has been derived from the Clearing Systems. 
Book-Entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act.  DTC holds securities that its 
participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct 
Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical 
movement of securities certificates.  Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National 
Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing 
agencies.  DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries.  Access to the DTC system is also available 
to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, 
together with Direct Participants, “Participants”).  More information about DTC can be found at 
www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org but such information is not incorporated by reference in and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with 
respect to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes.  The DTC Rules are on file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial 
owners of DTC Notes (“Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners.  Accordingly, 
although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess 
Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which 
Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records.  The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s 
records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial 
Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-
entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC.  The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. 
or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual

--- Page 77 ---
58 
 
 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose 
accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Participants will 
remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed 
by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time 
to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC.  If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be 
redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI Procedures.  Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may 
be requested by an authorised representative of DTC.  DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts 
upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or such 
other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC’s records.  Payments by Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held 
for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, 
subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  Payment of principal 
and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is 
the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of 
Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”. 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct Participant 
to transfer the Participant’s interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC’s records, to the relevant agent.  The requirement 
for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be 
deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC’s 
records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant agent’s DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent.  Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor 
depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary).  In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective accountholders.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration,

--- Page 78 ---
59 
 
 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depositary and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established 
an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with 
each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership of and Payments in Respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts 
with DTC.  Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer.  Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC 
or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with 
respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note.  In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of 
such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the 
currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into 
U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date.  The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities 
held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility 
of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer.  Payment of principal, premium, if any, and 
interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system.  The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form.  Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who 
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form.  The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed 
transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in 
the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one

--- Page 79 ---
60 
 
 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, 
will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the relevant Registered 
Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the issue date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will 
generally have a settlement date one business day after the trade date (T+1).  The customary arrangements for 
delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging 
for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee.  In the 
case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and 
DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a free 
delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue 
to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time.  None of the 
Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or their direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations nor will the Issue, any Agent or any Dealer have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented 
by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests.

--- Page 80 ---
61 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or [more/both]) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[./; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”).] Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
[more/both]) of:  (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[./; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.] Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018][EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable” 
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable” 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and if 
following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 81 ---
62 
 
 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
Monetary Authoriy of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16:  Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]”.]5 
[Date] 
YAPI VE KREDİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI):  B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the Notes) 
under the U.S.$11,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 17 December 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
(the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information].6 [The Base Prospectus and Final Terms have been published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[20 December 2023]/[2 December 2022]/[22 December 2021]/[10 
December 2020]/[23 December 2019]/[4 September 2018]/[29 September 2017]/[30 September 2016]/[27 
November 2015]/[3 November 2014]/[20 September 2013]] [and the supplement to it dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2024. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus has been published on 
[the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
 
4 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and if 
following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
5 
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
6  Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or the United 
Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 82 ---
63 
 
 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/ the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/the next Coupon date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
USD Payment Election: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for Turkish Lira-denominated 
Notes) 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
7. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
 
 
(N.B.  Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being used 
the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form or 
Registered definitive form see Conditions): 
[ ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note:  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)

--- Page 83 ---
64 
 
 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B.  An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent.  Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[ ] month [EURIBOR] [Compounded Daily 
SOFR] [TLREF]] +/- [ ] per cent.  Floating Rate]
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [ ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [ ], 
paragraph [15/16] below applies, and, for the 
period from (and including) [ ] up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [15/16] 
below applies]/[Not Applicable][ ] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21] below) ] 
14. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated, unsecured 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (N.B.  Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date

--- Page 84 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [ ] (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [ ] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) (and in 
relation to Notes in global or Registered 
definitive form see Conditions): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) (and in relation to 
Notes in global or Registered definitive form see 
Conditions): 
[In respect of the Stub Period, [ ] per Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [ ] (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [ ] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[ ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph)

--- Page 85 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate, Specified Time and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
 
[ ] 
month 
[[currency][EURIBOR] [Compounded Daily 
SOFR] [TLREF]. 
 
 
Specified Time:  [[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(11.00 a.m. in the case of EURIBOR.  Where the 
Reference Rate is “Compounded Daily SOFR” 
only relevant if “Index Determination” is 
specified as being “Applicable”) 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
[Brussels] 
[Istanbul][Not Applicable] 
(Where the Reference Rate is “Compounded 
Daily SOFR”, “Relevant Financial Centre” will 
be “Not Applicable”) 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
(Second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the day on which the relevant 
Interest Period ends (but which by its definition 
is excluded from the Interest Period), if 
Compounded Daily SOFR or the second TLREF 
Business Day prior to the day on which the 
relevant Interest Period ends if TLREF) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back provisions 
appropriately) 
 
 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[__] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]]/[Not Applicable]7 
(N.B.  When setting the Observation Look-Back 
Period (p), the practicalities of this period should 
be agreed with the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]8 
 
 
Interpolation for Stub Period: 
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate 1:  [[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR/]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page 1:  [ ]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
7 
Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded Daily SOFR” 
8 
Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded Daily SOFR”

--- Page 86 ---
67 
 
 

 
 
Reference Rate 2:  [[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR]/[Not Applicable] 

 
 
Relevant Screen Page 2:  [ ]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000 ISDA Definitions/2006 ISDA Definitions]
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (A Designated Maturity 
period is not relevant where the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [[ ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [[ ] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix] 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [ ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [[ ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix]

--- Page 87 ---
68 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(N.B.  When setting the applicable number of 
days with reference to the items above (if 
applicable), the practicalities of such period 
should be discussed with the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
 
Interpolation for Stub Period: 
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable] (If a Designated Maturity period is 
not applicable to the applicable Floating Rate 
Option, select ‘Not Applicable’) 

 
 
Floating Rate Option 1:  [ ] 

 
 
Designated Maturity 1:  [ ] 

 
 
Reset Date 1:  [ ] 

 
 
Floating Rate Option 2:  [ ] 

 
 
Designated Maturity 2:  [ ] 

 
 
Reset Date 2:  [ ] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for 
the 
[[long/short] 
[first/last] 
Interest 
Period]/[Stub Period] shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
(Where the Reference Rate is “Compounded 
Daily SOFR” or in the case of ISDA 
Determination where a Designated Maturity 
period is not applicable to the applicable 
Floating Rate Option, select ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 88 ---
69 
 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.2: 
Minimum period:  [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period:  [ ] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: [ ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period:  [ ] days 
 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period:  [ ] days 
 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems

--- Page 89 ---
70 
 
 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(N.B.  If the Final Redemption Amount is 
100 per cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the 
Early Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered 
(i) in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of December 14, 2005, or 
(ii) in the United States of America.] 
 
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 8 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect:  “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes 
upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 90 ---
71 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Note] 
 
 
(N.B.  In the case of an issue with more than one 
Global Note or a combination of one or more 
Bearer Global Notes, specify the nominal 
amounts of each Global Note, 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest to which paragraph 17(b) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
26. 
Relevant Benchmarks: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name][repeat as necessary].  
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within 
the 
scope 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
27. 
RMB Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate 
[[ ] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
 
(b) 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information,] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of YAPI VE KREDİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
By:
__________________________________
By:
__________________________________
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 91 ---
72 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING 
 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been/will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [ ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single series with a previous issue, 
need to indicate that original Notes are already listed and 
admitted to trading) 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”) and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the 
EEA and is not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the [EEA/UK] but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the [EEA/UK] and registered under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”)/Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the [EEA/UK] but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)/Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]

--- Page 92 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the [EEA/UK] and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)/Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the [EEA/UK] and registered under the CRA 
Regulation/UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield.] [Not 
Applicable] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
[CUSIP]: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]9, as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(e) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]10, as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
9 
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
10 
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 93 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other 
than 
[DTC] 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(h) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Category 2]; [Rule 144A] [Rules identical to 
those provided in TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified.  If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified.  If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(i) 
[Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 94 ---
75 
 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[ ]/[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes]. / [The 
Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes (or an amount equal thereto) to finance or refinance 
[Eligible Green Loans]/[Eligible Social Loans]/[Eligible 
Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans] (as defined in the 
Issuer’s [Sustainable Finance Framework]) (the “Eligible 
Loan Portfolio”)] [Further details on the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio are included in the Issuer Sustainable Finance 
Framework, made available on the Issuer’s website in the 
investor relations sections at [ ]] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ]

--- Page 95 ---
76 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Applicable Final 
Terms” and “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. (the “Issuer”) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
dated 22 December 2021, as supplemented by (i) the first supplemental agency agreement dated 2 December 
2022; (ii) the second supplemental agency agreement dated 20 December 2023, (iii) the third supplemental 
agency agreement dated 17 January 2024, (iv) the fourth supplemental agency agreement dated 4 April 2024, 
(v) the fifth supplemental agency agreement dated 10 September 2024, and (vi) the sixth supplemental agency 
agreement dated 17 December 2024 (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the “Exchange Agent”, 
which expression shall, in each case, include any successor fiscal agent and exchange agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents),The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch as 
transfer agent (together with the Registrar, as defined below, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agent) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive bearer form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”).  References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or 
endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 96 ---
77 
 
 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which (a) are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon, the date from which interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the Issue Price. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such deed of covenant 
as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 22 
December 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the “Deed Poll”) dated 22 December 2021 and made by the Issuer and the Deed of Covenant 
(i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents 
(such agents the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Registrar being 
together referred to as the “Agents”) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior 
written request to any Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Agent).  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and will be published on Euronext Dublin’s website 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  If the Notes are neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered 
in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) or the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of 
such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s).  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets 
Law (Law No. 6362) of Türkiye and related legislation. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 97 ---
78 
 
 
1.2 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next two succeeding paragraphs. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a 
Registered Global Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
“Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder 
of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole 
owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the 
Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules 
and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  Transfers of a Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global 
Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s 
nominee.

--- Page 98 ---
79 
 
 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender 
the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and 
(ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent 
and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of 
the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws 
or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the 
transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount 
to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) being transferred.  In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered 
or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the transferor. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer and/or Agent may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration and/or 
transfer. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any related Coupons are senior, direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) rank and will rank pari 
passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each, a “Security Interest”) upon, or with 
respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the 
creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any 
and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated; or

--- Page 99 ---
80 
 
 
(c) 
such other Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (which 
is defined in the Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by not less than three-quarters 
of the votes cast) of the Noteholders. 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security 
Interest upon, or with respect to, any present or future assets or revenues or any part thereof which is 
created pursuant to (i) a bond, note or similar instrument whereby the payment obligations are secured 
by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any such 
instrument, a “Covered Bond”), or (ii) any securitisation of receivables, asset-backed financing or 
similar financing structure (including, but not limited to, transactions under the Issuer’s diversified 
payment rights (“DPR”) securitisation programmes) (created in accordance with normal market 
practice) whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of 
such Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such assets or revenues (or in the case of 
Direct Recourse Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate 
value of assets or revenues subject to any Security Interest created in respect of (A) Covered Bonds and 
(B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse Securities) of the Issuer, when 
added to the nominal amount of any outstanding Direct Recourse Securities, does not, at any time, 
exceed 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as shown in the most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared and presented in accordance with BRSAAS). 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Direct Recourse Securities means securities issued in connection with any securitisation of receivables 
or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance 
with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or 
having the benefit of such Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such assets or 
revenues, or by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer; 
BRSAAS means the “Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding Banks’ Accounting 
Applications and Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 
1 November 2006 by the BRSA (as defined below) and other regulations on accounting records of banks 
published by the Banking Regulation and Supervision Board and circulars and interpretations published 
by the BRSA and “Turkish Accounting Standards” (“TAS”) and “Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards” (“TFRS”) issued by the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority 
(“POA”) for those matters not regulated by the aforementioned regulations. 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, 
loan stock or other securities which are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market and having an original maturity 
at issue in excess of 365 days or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a borrower under a loan participation 
note or similar transaction and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall 
take all necessary actions to maintain, obtain and promptly renew, and do or cause to be done all things 
reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, permissions, licences, approvals and 
authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and filings, which may at any 
time be required to be obtained or made in the Republic of Türkiye (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, with the Capital Markets Board (in Turkish:  Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”) and the 
Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Authority (in Turkish:  Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme 
Kurumu) (the “BRSA”)) for (i) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant, Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof, or (ii) the

--- Page 100 ---
81 
 
 
conduct by it of the Permitted Business, save for any consents, permissions, licences, approvals, 
authorisations, registrations, recordings and filings (collectively, “Permissions”) which are immaterial 
in the conduct by the Issuer of the Permitted Business.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Permissions 
relating to the Issuer’s ability or capacity to undertake its banking or financial advisory functions shall 
not be deemed to be immaterial in the conduct by the Issuer of its Permitted Business. 
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its 
Subsidiaries to, in any 12 month period, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any of its properties, revenues or assets to, or purchase any properties, revenues or assets 
from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, 
advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each, 
an “Affiliate Transaction”) which Affiliate Transaction has (or, when taken together with any other 
Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess of 
USD 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction and each 
such other aggregate Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer 
or such Subsidiary with an unrelated Person. 
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than 120 days after the end of each financial year, English language copies of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared and 
presented in accordance with BRSAAS consistently applied, including comparative financial 
information for the preceding financial year, and such financial statements of the Issuer shall 
be accompanied by the reports of the auditors thereon; and 
(b) 
not later than 90 days after the end of the first six months of each of the Issuer’s financial years, 
English language copies of its unaudited consolidated financial statements for such six-month 
period, prepared and presented in accordance with BRSAAS consistently applied, including 
comparative financial information for the corresponding period of the previous financial year. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5: 
Affiliate means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling 
or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case 
of a natural Person, any immediate family member of such Person.  For the purposes of this definition, 
“control”, as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the 
power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.  For purposes of this definition, the terms 
“controlling”, “controlled by” and “under common control with” shall have corresponding 
meanings. 
Person means (i) any individual, company, unincorporated association, government, state agency, 
international organisation or other entity and (ii) its successors and assigns. 
Permitted Business means any business which is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary 
to any of the businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date. 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a majority of the 
voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a majority 
of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and controls a majority of the voting 
rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Issuer.

--- Page 101 ---
82 
 
 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are Bearer Notes in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  In the case of any long or short 
interest period (a “Stub Period”), payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified in respect of such Stub Period. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of

--- Page 102 ---
83 
 
 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Floating Rate Option, any applicable Designated Maturity, the Reset Date and any applicable 
Compounding Method.  Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant 
Financial Centre, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment 
Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 103 ---
84 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.2 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of 
(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (c) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency, (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or 
any successor or replacement for that system (“T2”) is open or (3) in relation to any 
sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on 
which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement 
for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the

--- Page 104 ---
85 
 
 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i): 
(a) 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period (other than a Stub Period, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as 
defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2000 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the 2000 ISDA Definitions; or (ii) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, in each case, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (together, the “ISDA 
Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in 
the ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant 
confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
Where the relevant Floating Rate Option requires a Designated Maturity to be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, ISDA Rate for a Stub Period means a rate calculated by 
the Fiscal Agent by means of linear interpolation of the relevant ISDA Rate 1 and the 
relevant ISDA Rate 2 in accordance with market convention. 
ISDA Rate 1 and ISDA Rate 2 shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant to this 
sub-paragraph (i) on the same basis as the determination of the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
that is not a Stub Period save that references in this sub-paragraph (i) to the Floating Rate 
Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date shall be (i) in the case of the ISDA Rate 1, 
to the Floating Rate Option 1, the Designated Maturity 1 and the Reset Date 1, respectively, 
and (ii) in the case of the ISDA Rate 2, the Floating Rate Option 2, the Designated Maturity 2 
and the Reset Date 2, respectively, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounded Index Floating

--- Page 105 ---
86 
 
 
Rate Option”, “Index Method” and “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR or TLREF 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (other 
than a Stub Period) will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page of that service which 
displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page of that 
service which displays the information), the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum which the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at

--- Page 106 ---
87 
 
 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
The Rate of Interest for a Stub Period means a rate calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by means of linear interpolation of the relevant Screen Rate 
1 and the relevant Screen Rate 2 in accordance with market convention. 
Screen Rate 1 and Screen Rate 2 shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2(b)(ii) on the same basis as the determination of the Screen Rate for an Interest 
Period that is not a Stub Period save that references in this Condition 6.2(b)(ii) to the Reference 
Rate and the Relevant Screen Page shall be (i) in the case of the Screen Rate 1, to the Reference 
Rate 1 and the Relevant Screen Page 1, respectively, and (ii) in the case of the Screen Rate 2, 
to the Reference Rate 2, and the Relevant Screen Page 2, respectively, in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In this Condition 6.2(b)(ii), Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market as selected by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period (including a Stub Period, if applicable) will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and calculated by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  For the purposes of this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii), references to “Interest Period” shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include any Stub Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment

--- Page 107 ---
88 
 
 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart 
or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or 
by 3:00 pm New York City time on the immediately following US Government 
Securities Business Day or such later time falling one hour after the customary 
or scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of SOFR 
Index), “Compounded Daily SOFR” for such Interest Period and each Interest 
Period 
thereafter 
will 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to “d0”, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to paragraph 
(3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, will determine the SOFR Benchmark Replacement in accordance 
with the definition thereof with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark and, if the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent has so determined the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement: 
(I) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall also determine the method for 
determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the 
definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable (including (i) the page, 
section or other part of a particular information service on or source from which such

--- Page 108 ---
89 
 
 
rate appears or is obtained (the Alternative Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which 
such rate appears on, or is obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source (the 
Alternative Specified Time), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear on, or is 
obtained from, the Relevant Source in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the Alternative Relevant Date), and (iv) any alternative method for 
determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the 
applicable Alternative Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time herein shall 
be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
(III) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that (i) changes to the 
definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Period, SOFR Observation Period, Observation Look-Back Period, SOFR Reference 
Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day and/or (ii) any other technical 
changes to any other provision described in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), are necessary in 
order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any alternative 
method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (B)(I) above) as the SOFR 
Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, 
determines is reasonably necessary), the Issuer and the Fiscal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall agree without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders to the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or 
the Agency Agreement in order to provide for the amendment of such definitions or 
other provisions to reflect such changes; and 
(IV) 
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as practicable to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well 
as the details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (B)(III) above. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any applicable 
Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be applied to such 
ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that 
will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the rate that 
would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be effective 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Observation Look-Back Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 109 ---
90 
 
 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily secured 
overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate); 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) or the SOFR Index, as applicable; 
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or such 
other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark” means the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be determined by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of:  (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines 
that there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall select 
such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest that 
it has determined is most comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent to be applied to the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order to reduce or eliminate, to the

--- Page 110 ---
91 
 
 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the 
purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means any person that has been appointed by the 
Issuer to make the calculations and determinations to be made by the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent described herein that may be made by either the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such person is a leading bank or other financial 
institution or a person with appropriate expertise, in each case that is experienced in such 
calculations and determinations; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, 
but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified Time for such 
determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), as such rate appears on

--- Page 111 ---
92 
 
 
the by the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of 
the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website on or about the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified 
Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; or 
(3) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time on 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not 
SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date), then 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or the Alternative Relevant Date, as applicable) 
(the Affected Day), SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, the 
Alternative Relevant Source at the Alternative Specified Time on the Alternative 
Relevant Date. 
Specified Time means 3:00p.m., New York City time or such other time as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or any successor 
organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), In the event the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent determines it appropriate, in its sole discretion, to consult with 
an Independent Adviser in connection with any determination to be made by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), the Issuer shall use its

--- Page 112 ---
93 
 
 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner but shall have no relationship of agency or trust with the 
Noteholders and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it or for any advice given to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent in connection 
with any determination made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii) or otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent consults with an Independent Adviser as to the 
occurrence of any SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and/or the related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall 
be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence 
of fraud) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation 
to that matter in accordance with any such written determination or otherwise in connection 
with the Notes. 
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
(including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing TLREF 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified as being 
TLREF, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (including a Stub Period, if applicable) 
will, subject as provided below, be TLREF for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date (by reference to the 
relevant published TLREF Indices in respect of the relevant Interest Period) in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage shall be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards).  For the purposes of this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iv), references to “Interest Period” shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include any Stub Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
TLREF means, with respect to an Interest Period: 
⎩⎪⎨
⎪⎧
(
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
)
𝑛1
𝑛2
−1
⎭⎪⎬
⎪⎫
∗100 
(provided that, in the case of the first Interest Period, references to the “published TLREF Index 
on the second TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” shall be 
replaced by a reference to the “published TLREF Index on the day that is two TLREF Business 
Days preceding the first date of such Interest Period”); 
where: 
BIST TLREF Index means the TLREF value announced via the BISTECH Data 
Dissemination System (in Turkish:  BISTECH Veri Paylaşım Sistemi) as published on the 
TLREF Relevant Screen.

--- Page 113 ---
94 
 
 
Calculation Agent means the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial 
institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
n1 means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
n2 means the number of calendar days between:  (a) the TLREF Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date (or such date (if any) on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from the 
Interest Period)) and (b) the TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment 
Date (provided that, in the case of the first Interest Period, reference to the “the TLREF Business 
Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” shall be replaced with a reference to “the 
TLREF Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Period”). 
published TLREF Index means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, the rate of return of 
TLREF on the next TLREF Business Day as determined by reference to the BIST TLREF Index 
that references the return on overnight repo transactions realised on the Borsa İstanbul Repo-
Reverse Repo Normal Orders Market, all as published at the relevant time on such TLREF 
Business Day on the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
TLREF means the Turkish Lira overnight reference rate. 
TLREF Business Day means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which the BIST Repo-
Reverse Repo Market (or the successor or replacement thereof) is open. 
TLREF Committee means the committee consisting of representatives of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of Türkiye, the Central Bank of Türkiye (the “Central Bank”), the Banks 
Association of Türkiye, the Capital Markets Association of Türkiye (in Turkish:  Türkiye 
Sermaye Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the Istanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish:  
İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. or any successor or 
replacement thereof. 
TLREF Interest Determination Date means, in respect of any Interest Period, the second 
TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which such Interest Period ends. 
TLREF Reference Rate means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the published TLREF Index on such TLREF Business Day. 
TLREF Relevant Screen means the “TLREF Indices” webpage that is available on the website 
of Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (borsaistanbul.com) (or any successor website). 
(B) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the applicable published TLREF Index is not 
available on the TLREF Relevant Screen or has not otherwise been published by the TLREF 
Committee, then the Rate of Interest in respect of the applicable Interest Period shall, unless 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in 
either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments) in accordance with Condition 6.4(e), be determined as if the published TLREF 
Index were calculated in the following manner: 
(I) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of:  (i) the policy 
rate of the Central Bank prevailing at 5:00 pm (or, if earlier, the close of business in 
İstanbul) on the applicable TLREF Interest Determination Date and available on the 
Central 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
https://www.tcmb.gov.tr/wps/wcm/connect/EN/TCMB+EN/Main+Menu/Core+Funct
ions/Monetary+Policy/Central+Bank+Interest+Rates/1+Week+Repo 
(or 
any 
successor or replacement website) and (ii) the mean of the spread of the published 
TLREF Index to the policy rate of the Central Bank over the previous five TLREF 
Business Days on which a TLREF Reference Rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there are more than one highest spread, then only one of those 
highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there are more than one lowest spread, 
then only one of those lowest spreads).

--- Page 114 ---
95 
 
 
(II) 
Notwithstanding clause (I), if the TLREF Committee has published guidance as to:  (i) 
how the TLREF Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the TLREF Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable to do so and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, 
follow such guidance in order to determine the TLREF Reference Rate for any TLREF 
Business Day in such Interest Period and for so long thereafter as the published TLREF 
Index remains unavailable on the TLREF Relevant Screen or is not otherwise published 
by the TLREF Committee. 
(III) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined by reference to clauses (I) and (II), then the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be:  (i) the Rate of Interest determined as of the last preceding 
TLREF Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding TLREF Interest Determination Date, then the initial Rate of Interest that 
would have been applicable to the applicable Notes for the first Interest Period of such 
Notes had such Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to their first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the applicable Interest Commencement Date (and 
applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to such first Interest Period). 
(IV) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of 
Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in Condition 6.3. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
“Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Registered Notes; or

--- Page 115 ---
96 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360

--- Page 116 ---
97 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then such rate shall be determined by reference to the relevant rate that would apply in 
accordance with the applicable Screen Rate Determination or Floating Rate Option provisions as the 
case may be, where the relevant reference rate is otherwise unavailable.

--- Page 117 ---
98 
 
 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business 
Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.2, whether by 
the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes (or in the case of the redemption of part only of any Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for their redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid (or, in the case of the 
redemption of part only of such Note, all amounts in respect of such part thereof); and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.4 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) above (other than in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, 
in which case the provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall not apply), if the Issuer, following consultation 
with an Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.4(a) below and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or component part thereof remains to be determined 
by reference to that Original Reference Rate, the following provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall apply. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.4(b)) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in

--- Page 118 ---
99 
 
 
accordance with Condition 6.4(c)) and any other required Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 6.4(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.4. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.4(a) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread as provided in Condition 6.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate (as 
adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 6.4(c)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.4(b), the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread which may be expressed as a specified 
quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread and which 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of the Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as 
applicable. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.4 and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines:  (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in each 
case, Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.4(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.4(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined under this Condition 6.4, will be

--- Page 119 ---
100 
 
 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than notifying the Calculation Agent of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming:  (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment Spread, and (D) where applicable, 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 6.4; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding upon the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 6.4, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with Condition 6.4(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.4, then the Original Reference Rate will continue to 
apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue 
to apply to such determination. 
The preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4. 
(g) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and which is the spread, formula or methodology that: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause 
(i) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate the Issuer determines, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in

--- Page 120 ---
101 
 
 
international debt capital market transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, 
so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.4(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.4(d); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; 
(b) 
the later of:  (i) the date of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances in which no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of:  (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (d)(i); 
(e) 
the later of:  (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used (either generally or in respect of the Notes) or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i); 
(f) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as that Regulation applies in the European Union and/or 
as it applies in the United Kingdom in the form retained as domestic law in the United Kingdom 
under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended, if applicable); 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the 
Notes; or 
(h) 
the later of:  (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will no longer be representative or

--- Page 121 ---
102 
 
 
may no longer be used, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (h)(i); 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 6.4(a); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) 
has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event 
subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference 
Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of:  (i) the central bank for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency. 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to:  (i) any fiscal 
or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, or other laws and regulations 
to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof (“FATCA”) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to 
FATCA. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal in respect 
of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 7.1 above only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation 
and endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer

--- Page 122 ---
103 
 
 
Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the applicable Coupon(s), in each case 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10 or, if 
later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof.  A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than 
the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment, distinguishing between 
payments of principal and payments of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar outside of the United Kingdom (the “Register”) at (i) where in global form, 
the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, are open for business) before the relevant due date, and 
(ii) in all other cases, the close of business on the 15th day (or, if such 15th day is not a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located), the first 
such day prior to such 15th day before the relevant due date (the “Record Date”).  Notwithstanding the

--- Page 123 ---
104 
 
 
previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the 
Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below).  For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained 
by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” 
means a bank which processes payments in such Specified Currency. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding 
the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date at the address of such holder shown 
in the Register on the Record Date and at that holder’s risk.  Upon application of the holder to the 
specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered 
Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest 
(other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the 
holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the 
contrary by such holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption 
will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  No commissions 
or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or 
its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal 
and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 124 ---
105 
 
 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
Istanbul; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(iii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9. 
7.8 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of the Notes denominated in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and 
regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre).

--- Page 125 ---
106 
 
 
7.9 
RMB Currency Event 
If RMB Currency Events are specified in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs 
and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon, the 
Issuer’s obligation to make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment 
of such amount in U.S. dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days 
before the relevant due date for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the relevant 
RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon as practicable following such occurrence, stating the occurrence 
of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (and subject 
in the case of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of Condition 6.2(f)): 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
PRC means the People’s Republic of China which, for the purposes of these Conditions, shall exclude 
Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan; 
Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and New York City; 
Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, if any amount, in whole 
or in part, under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of 
international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due in 
respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely 
to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating 
banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate 
Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong

--- Page 126 ---
107 
 
 
Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF.  If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into 
consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, among 
other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB non-deliverable exchange market in Hong 
Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange 
market.  Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
7.10 
U.S. dollar exchange and payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through 
DTC 
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Specified 
Currency is Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a Registered Global 
Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, a Noteholder as of the applicable Record 
Date may, not more than 10 and not less than five Business Days before the due date (the 
“Relevant Payment Date”) for the next payment of interest and/or principal on a Note (such 
period, the “USD Election Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Agent to receive such 
payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish Lira (each, a “USD Payment Election”).  Each 
Agent to which such an election is given shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the Business Day 
following each USD Election Period of the USD Payment Elections made by the Noteholders 
during such USD Election Period and upon its receipt of such notification the Fiscal Agent shall 
notify the Exchange Agent of the total amount of Turkish Lira (the “Lira Amount”) to be paid 
by the Issuer in respect of the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Elections and which is 
to be converted into U.S. dollars and paid to the holders of such Notes on the Relevant Payment 
Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.10 and Clause 7 of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately 
following payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment 
Election and, unless a USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment 
of interest and principal on those Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11.00 a.m. (London time) 
on the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange 
Agent, which shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant 
Payment Date at a purchase price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange 
conversion procedures, which conversion shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable 
manner and on a similar basis to that which the Exchange Agent would use to effect such 
conversion for its customers (such rate, taking into account any spread, fees, commission or 
charges on foreign exchange transactions customarily charged by it in connection with such 
conversions, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”).  In no event shall any Agent be liable to any 
Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for the conversion rate so used. 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish 
Lira is limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it 
fails to make any payment on the Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the 
payment of the relevant outstanding Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay 
any greater or other amount as a result of any change in the Applicable Exchange Rate between 
the due date and the date on which such payment is made in full. 
(c) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this 
Condition 7.10 and the Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall notify the Fiscal Agent 
of:  (i) the total amount of U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount, and (ii) the 
Applicable Exchange Rate at which such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent.  
On each Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders of such

--- Page 127 ---
108 
 
 
U.S. dollar amount and Applicable Exchange Rate in accordance with Condition 15 as so 
notified to it by the Exchange Agent. 
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will need to have received cleared 
funds from the Issuer on the Relevant Payment Date by no later than 11.00 a.m. (London time) 
in the case of a payment of interest or principal becoming due in order to make any payments 
to Noteholders on such Relevant Payment Date, including any such payments in U.S. dollars.  
If the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Issuer after such time, then the Fiscal Agent 
will use reasonable efforts to pay the funds (including any so converted US Dollar amounts) as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase 
U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly notify the Fiscal 
Agent, which shall, as soon as practicable upon receipt of such notification from the Exchange 
Agent, promptly notify the Noteholders of such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all 
payments on the Notes on the Relevant Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in 
accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective of any USD Payment Election made. 
(e) 
To give a USD Payment Election: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, a Noteholder must deliver at the specified office 
of any Agent, on any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly 
signed and completed USD Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Agent and in which the holder must specify 
a USD bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.10 
accompanied by the relevant Notes or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that 
such Notes will, following the delivery of the USD Payment Election, be held to the 
Agent’s order or under its control until the applicable US Dollar payment is made; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in global form, a Noteholder must, on any Business Day falling 
within the USD Election Period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, as applicable (which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for any of them to the 
Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, from time to time. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions to the contrary:  (i) all costs of the 
purchase of U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro rata by the relevant 
Noteholders relative to the Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment Elections, 
which pro rata amount will be deducted from the U.S. dollar payment made to such 
Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation 
whatsoever to pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, commissions or expenses or to 
indemnify any Noteholder against any difference between the U.S. dollar amount received by 
such Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have been payable to the 
Noteholder if it had not made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) the Issuer shall not 
have any liability or other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion into 
U.S. dollars of any amount paid by it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any 
U.S. dollar amount to the applicable Noteholders. 
7.11 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than US Dollars 
In the case of any Notes represented by a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, payments in respect of such 
Notes will be made in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in such Notes has 
elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency in the manner specified in the 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC.

--- Page 128 ---
109 
 
 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 9 or any change or clarification in the application or official 
interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment 
becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt and for the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be 
the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest 
Payment Date the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9; and 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied 
by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction, at a rate in excess of the prevailing 
applicable rates on such date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it as 
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, 
then the Issuer may at its option, having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at any time at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  Prior to the publication of 
any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent:  
(i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred to in 
sub-paragraph (a) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of the change or amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being 
referred to as an “Issuer Call”.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer 
Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the 
applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (a) not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum

--- Page 129 ---
110 
 
 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
“Selection Date”).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put”.  The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8.4 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  Registered Notes 
may be redeemed under this Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, or DTC at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less 
than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to 
which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to 
and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC as applicable, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
as the case may be (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in 
a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, DTC from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the

--- Page 130 ---
111 
 
 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 above and Condition 11: 
(a) 
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
8.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) in any manner, at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation. 
8.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.6 above (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5(b) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 131 ---
112 
 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the Note 
or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
where such withholding or deduction would not have been imposed but for the failure of the 
applicable holder or beneficial owner of such payment to comply with any certification, 
identification, information, documentation or other reporting requirement to the extent (a) such 
compliance is required by applicable law, administrative practice or an applicable treaty as a 
precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, such 
Taxes and (b) such obligor shall have notified such recipient in writing that such recipient will 
be required to comply with such requirement; or 
(c) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Türkiye; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to FATCA (including pursuant to any agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Relevant Date means with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the money payable has not been duly received 
by the Fiscal Agent, on or prior to the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(ii) 
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Republic of Türkiye or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes 
subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes. 
9.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also 
to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 9.

--- Page 132 ---
113 
 
 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect 
of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 therefor). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
(A) 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent) that such 
Note is, and it shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment if 
any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of 
principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for the period of 14 days following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event 
of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails 
to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due 
date for payment, subject to any applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, subject 
to any applicable grace period provided that the aggregate principal amount of any such 
(A) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the 
case of (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or (B) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in 
relation to which such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or such Material 
Subsidiary has been given in the case of (iv) above, exceeds U.S.$50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies; or 
(d) 
if 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save as provided below, 
and save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable

--- Page 133 ---
114 
 
 
law, or is adjudicated or found by a competent authority to be (or becomes) 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one 
or more of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling 
of all or a substantial part of its indebtedness; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (I) takes any corporate action or 
other steps are taken or legal proceedings are started (x) for its winding-up, 
dissolution, administration, bankruptcy or re-organisation (other than for the 
purposes of and followed by a reconstruction whilst solvent upon terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders), or (y) for 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, trustee or similar officer of it or any substantial part or all of its 
revenues and assets or (II) it shall or proposes to make a general assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors, or shall enter into any composition with its 
creditors, 
in each case in (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
re-organisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer 
of all or substantially all of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or another Subsidiary of the 
Issuer; or 
(e) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the Issuer 
is transferred to the Savings and Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the 
Banking Law (Law No. 5411) of Türkiye. 
11.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities; or 
(b) 
any borrowed money; or 
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit. 
Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which 
the then latest audited consolidated BRSAAS financial statements of the Issuer relate, are equal 
to) not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited BRSAAS financial statements (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer, provided that: 
(i) 
if the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer show negative assets at the 
end of the relevant financial period, the financial statements shall be read as if words 
“net assets” were substituted by the words “total assets”, for the purposes of this 
definition; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to 
which the then latest audited consolidated BRSAAS financial statements of the Issuer 
relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated BRSAAS financial 
statements of the Issuer for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until 
consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such

--- Page 134 ---
115 
 
 
first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by 
reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to this sub-paragraph (b) but shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary on the date of 
publication of its next audited BRSAAS financial statements unless it would then be a Material 
Subsidiary under sub-paragraph (a) above; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, represented (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
BRSAAS financial statements of the Issuer relate, represent) not less than 15 per cent., of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer taken as a whole (calculated as set out in 
sub-paragraph (a) above), provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) 
shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately 
following such transfer, its assets represent not less than 15 per cent., of the consolidated total 
assets of the Issuer (calculated as set out in sub-paragraph (a) above), and the transferee 
Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (c) on the date 
of the publication of its next audited BRSAAS financial statements, save that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after 
the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of 
any other applicable provision of this definition. 
A report by the auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, 
defacement or destruction and (b) indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Notes Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement.  
If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be (in the case of Bearer Notes) a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) and (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent (which may 
be the Registrar) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority;

--- Page 135 ---
116 
 
 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent 
with a specified office in New York City; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5.  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment 
or change in Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of 
the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules. 
For so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, there may be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any 
such notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on the second business day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as applicable. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the

--- Page 136 ---
117 
 
 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent or 
the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a video conference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum 
at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
16.2 
Modification 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of any of these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, either (i) for the purpose of curing any 
ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other defective 
provision contained herein or therein or (ii) following the advice of an independent financial institution 
of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the 
Fiscal Agent agrees otherwise any such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
and Couponholder in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the date from which 
interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the Issue Price, so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Notes provided that such further notes may not be fungible 
with the original notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may adversely affect the value of 
the original Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
118 
 
 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Deed Poll the Notes and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High 
Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court 
in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales) is to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any 
competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order 
originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales). 
The Issuer waives any objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any 
competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order 
originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum.  To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceeding relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect 
of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and 
Wales)according to the provisions of Article 54 of the International Private and Procedural Law of 
Türkiye (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any action is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court 
in Türkiye in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in addition to other permissible legal 
evidence pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100), any judgment obtained in 
the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom 
appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court 
of Justice of England and Wales) in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of 
the existence and amount of the claim against the Issuer, pursuant to the provisions of the first paragraph 
of Article 193 of the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the 
International Private and Procedural Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718). 
19.4 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Service of process may be made upon the Issuer at the offices of Beko plc located at Beko House, 1 
Greenhill Crescent, Watford, WD18 8QU, United Kingdom, in respect of any Proceedings in England 
and undertakes that in the event of such process agent ceasing so to act it will appoint another person 
as its agent for that purpose.

--- Page 138 ---
119 
 
 
19.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United 
Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the 
High Court of Justice of England and Wales) and appointed an agent for service of process, in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 139 ---
120 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including 
(as applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. 
The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each issue of 
Notes either: (i) for its general corporate purposes, or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, an 
Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework which can be found on the Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/sustainability/detail/Sustainable-
Finance/847/2531/0, as updated from time to time). However, for any particular Series, the Bank may agree 
(and so specify in the Final Terms for the Tranche(s) of such Series) with the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) 
that the proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used for one or more other specific purpose(s). 
The use of proceeds, if any, provided in the Final Terms for each Tranche in a Series with more than one Tranche 
shall be the same. 
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of any net proceeds of any of the Notes (or an amount 
equal thereto) in financing and/or refinancing the relevant Eligible Loan Portfolio, such proceeds are intended 
to be held by the Issuer in cash and/or cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments. Assets 
allocated under the Sustainable Finance Framework will not be knowingly used to finance/refinance loans the 
proceeds of which are (to the best of the Issuer’s knowledge) intended to be used for purposes covered by the 
Issuer’s “Exclusion List” as detailed on the Issuer’s website (as of September 2024 at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/codeofethicsandpolicies/2020/yk_environmental_a
nd_social_policy.pdf). 
The Issuer engaged an independent party to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on 
the Sustainable Finance Framework. This opinion can be found on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/sustainability/detail/Sustainable-Finance/847/2531/0.   
The Issuer may amend or update the Sustainable Finance Framework or obtain additional or new second-party 
opinions and/or certificates during the life of any Tranche of the Notes, in which case it will update such 
information on its website. 
As outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework, the Issuer intends to publish a green, social and/or 
sustainable finance annual report on the allocation of the proceeds of any of the Notes that are used in financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, an Eligible Loan Portfolio and their environmental and/or social impact 
and may, but is not obliged to, request a limited assurance report to be provided by a qualified external party in 
respect thereof.  Reporting will be renewed annually until full allocation of such proceeds. 
Under the Sustainable Finance Framework, Eligible Green Loans include loans falling within the categories of 
(i) renewable energy, (ii) green buildings, (iii) clean transportation, and (iv) energy efficiency.  Eligible Social 
Loans include loans falling within the categories of (i) access to essential services, including healthcare and 
education, and (ii) employment generation and programs designed to prevent and/or alleviate unemployment 
stemming from socioeconomic crises, including through the potential effect of SME financing and 
microfinance. 
As a requirement of the CMB Approval for Sustainable Issuance, the net proceeds from each issue of Sustainable 
Notes (as defined below) are required to be applied by the Issuer, exclusively, to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, an Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework which can be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/sustainability/detail/Sustainable-Finance/847/2531/0, 
as 
updated from time to time). 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Notes, the proceeds of which (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to 
be used towards the financing and/or refinancing of, in whole or in part, an Eligible Loan Portfolio.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, none of the Sustainable Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion nor any of the 
reports, verification assessments, opinions, certifications or contents of any of the websites referenced in this 
“Use of Proceeds” section are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base

--- Page 140 ---
121 
 
 
Prospectus.  Neither such opinion, certification nor the Sustainable Finance Framework are, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes.  Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date of that opinion or as at the date that 
such certification was initially issued.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in any such Notes.  Currently, the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  Prospective investors 
in any such Notes should also refer to the risk factor above headed, “In respect of any Notes issued with a 
specific use of proceeds, such as “Green”, “Social” and “Sustainable” Notes, the application of the net 
proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) 
suitable for an investor’s investment criteria.” 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the ordinary course of its activities, the Issuer will continue to fund other projects, loans, investments and 
expenditure which are not considered Eligible Loan Portfolio, including in sectors identified in the “Exclusion 
List” section of the Sustainable Finance Framework.

--- Page 141 ---
122 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, selected consolidated financial information of the Bank 
and its subsidiaries derived from the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 and Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period 
ended 30 September 2024 (with 30 September 2023 comparatives) incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should read the following information in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial and 
other Information”, the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 
2022, and 2021 and the Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2024 (with 30 September 2023 comparatives).

--- Page 142 ---
123 
 
 
Balance Sheet Data 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Assets 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (Net) .................
18,236,232 
622,238,469 
15,481,457 
455,746,228 
294,102,783
213,056,244 
Cash and cash equivalents.....................  
14,016,783 
478,266,649 
11,375,297 
334,868,273 
194,576,967
155,621,362 
Cash and balances at Central Bank ..........  
11,951,743 
407,805,409 
9,478,823 
279,039,489 
152,830,903
119,748,241 
Banks .......................................................  
2,073,406  
70,746,689  
1,930,219  
56,822,176  
39,845,017 
34,404,358  
Money Markets........................................
-
-
-
 -  
2,514,757
1,809,366 
Provisions for Expected Losses (-)
8,366 
285,449 
33,745 
993,392 
613,710
340,603 
Financial assets where fair value 
changes reflected to income 
statement
98,022 
3,344,600 
77,365 
2,277,485 
2,270,895 
801,654 
Government debt securities......................
14,520 
495,430 
24,399 
718,268 
365,229 
206,645 
Share Certificates.....................................  
835 
28,486 
1,253 
36,894 
1,485,674 
305,324 
Other financial assets...............................
82,667 
2,820,684 
51,713 
1,522,323 
419,992 
289,685 
Financial assets where fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income statement
3,510,085 
119,767,596 
3,295,649 
97,017,989 
78,471,491 
34,797,510 
Government debt securities......................
3,494,603 
119,239,346 
3,286,738 
96,755,650 
76,396,958 
33,752,392 
Share Certificates .....................................  
6,676  
227,783  
6,696  
197,105  
175,822  
91,075  
Other financial assets...............................
8,806 
300,467 
2,216 
65,234 
1,898,711 
954,043 
Derivative financial assets .....................
611,343 
20,859,624 
733,145 
21,582,481 
18,783,430 
21,835,718 
Derivative financial assets where fair 
value change is reflected to income 
statement..............................................
541,721 
18,484,051 
552,400 
16,261,658 
11,425,433  
18,303,230  
Derivative financial assets where fair 
value change is reflected to other 
comprehensive income statement 
69,622 
2,375,573 
180,746 
5,320,823 
7,357,997 
3,532,488 
FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED 
AT AMORTISED COST (Net)
48,523,005 
1,655,653,453 
43,102,880 
1,268,871,212 
792,614,426 
509,945,105 
Loans.......................................................
37,062,599 
1,264,612,955 
32,187,861 
947,552,677 
628,188,410 
422,805,961 
Receivables From Leasing Transactions 
(Net)  ...................................................  
1,167,520  
39,836,962  
1,102,344  
32,451,026  
20,548,153  
15,438,328  
Factoring Receivables .............................
455,887 
15,555,333 
434,869 
12,801,773 
12,481,468 
6,118,230 
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost
11,178,798 
381,431,770 
10,806,133 
318,113,094 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
Government debt securities......................
10,502,197 
358,345,467 
10,285,010 
302,772,173 
163,629,166 
91,916,790 
Other financial assets...............................  
676,601 
23,086,303 
521,123 
15,340,921 
5,197,091 
4,370,022 
Provisions for Expected Losses (-)...........
1,341,800 
45,783,567 
1,428,326 
42,047,358 
37,429,862 
30,704,226 
ASSETS HELD FOR RESALE AND 
RELATED TO DISCONTINUED 
OPERATIONS (Net) .........................
11,390 
388,650 
36,508 
1,074,724 
1,085,705  
1,354,937  
Held for sale Purposes .............................
11,390 
388,650 
36,508 
1,074,724 
1,085,705 
1,354,937 
Related to Discontinued Operations.........  
-
-
-
-
—
—
INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES, 
SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT 
VENTURES .......................................
275,958 
9,415,958 
242,540 
7,139,938 
3,597,693  
2,522,147  
Investments in associates (Net)..............
275,011 
9,383,642 
241,442 
7,107,622 
3,565,377 
2,514,847 
Consolidated based on Equity Method.....  
273,884 
9,345,196 
240,136 
7,069,176 
3,526,931 
2,476,401 
Unconsolidated ........................................  
1,127 
38,446 
1,306 
38,446 
38,446 
38,446 
Subsidiaries (Net)...................................
947 
32,316 
1,098 
32,316 
32,316 
7,300 
Unconsolidated Financial Subsidiaries.....
-
-
-
-
—
—
Unconsolidated Non-Financial 
Subsidiaries..........................................  
947 
32,316 
1,098 
32,316 
32,316  
7,300  
Joint Ventures (Net) 
-
-
-
 -  
—
—
Consolidated based on Equity Method.....
-
-
-
 -  
—
—
Unconsolidated ........................................  
-
-
-
-
—
—
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Net)
870,576 
29,704,939 
641,196 
18,875,665 
10,109,770 
4,974,156 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Net) ...............  
84,561  
2,885,293  
69,179  
2,036,510  
1,359,987  
2,121,208  
Goodwill..................................................  
-
-
-
 -  
—
979,493 
Other........................................................  
84,561 
2,885,293 
69,179 
2,036,510 
1,359,987 
1,141,715 
INVESTMENT PROPERTY (Net).......
-
-
-
-
—
—
CURRENT TAX ASSETS.....................
123,903 
4,227,681 
 - 
  -  
42,522 
1,580 
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS ..................  
376,502 
12,846,637 
310,621 
9,144,125 
5,409,021 
3,820,176 
OTHER ASSETS ...................................  
4,465,106  
152,353,883  
3,413,422  
100,484,998  
75,945,107  
43,025,353  
TOTAL ASSETS 
72,967,233  
2,489,714,963  
63,297,804  
1,863,373,400  
1,184,267,014 
780,820,906 
_________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 34.121 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2024.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 29.438 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2023.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA.

--- Page 143 ---
124 
 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Liabilities 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
DEPOSITS .............................................
40,143,091 
1,369,722,400 
37,668,257  
1,108,885,676  
705,495,439
419,928,058
BORROWINGS.....................................  
7,180,221 
244,996,321 
5,470,268  
161,034,843  
94,116,398
72,921,964
MONEY MARKETS.............................  
6,371,795 
217,412,032 
2,153,070 
63,382,500 
40,295,030
55,886,473
MARKETABLE 
SECURITIES 
ISSUED (Net).....................................  
4,077,358 
139,123,533 
3,296,397 
97,039,999 
49,350,808
41,577,011
Bills .........................................................
1,160,194 
39,586,992 
718,651 
21,155,802 
13,311,681
7,168,860
Asset backed Securities............................
529,495 
18,066,911 
554,556 
16,325,139 
4,940,364
5,998,334
Bonds.......................................................
2,387,668 
81,469,630 
2,023,190 
59,559,058 
31,098,763
28,409,817
FUNDS ....................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Borrower Funds .......................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other........................................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
FINANCIAL 
LIABILITIES 
FAIR 
VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND 
LOSS...................................................
2,211,891 
75,471,929 
2,417,505 
71,167,000 
36,459,423
25,308,222
DERIVATIVE 
FINANCIAL 
LIABILITIES.....................................
496,343 
16,935,713 
396,303 
11,666,461 
13,969,063
18,335,783
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value 
Through Profit and Loss ......................  
496,343 
16,935,713 
395,205 
11,634,127 
13,936,713
17,652,590
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value 
Through Other Comprehensive Profit ..
—
—
—
32,334 
32,350
683,193
FACTORING PAYABLES...................
—
—
—
—
—
—
LEASE PAYABLES (Net) .....................  
146,774  
5,008,062  
115,547  
3,401,505  
1,975,913 
1,347,130 
PROVISIONS ........................................  
561,065 
19,144,113 
744,473 
21,915,958 
11,582,456
6,073,243
Provisions for Restructuring ....................
-
 -  
-
 -  
—
—
Provisions for Employee Rights...............
144,024 
4,914,229 
137,659 
4,052,432 
3,290,363
1,120,683
Insurance Technical Provisions (Net).......  
-
 -  
-
 -  
—
—
Other Provisions ......................................
417,042 
14,229,884 
606,814 
17,863,526 
8,292,093
4,952,560
CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES ...........
227,875 
7,775,308 
273,088 
8,039,209 
5,942,022
3,208,173
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES.........
471 
16,077 
477 
14,044 
22,735
14,818
LIABILITIES FOR PROPERTY AND 
EQUIPMENT HELD FOR SALE 
AND 
RELATED 
TO 
DISCONTINUED 
OPERATIONS 
(Net) ....................................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Held for Sale ............................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Related to Discontinued Operations.........
—
—
—
—
—
—
SUBORDINATED DEBT......................
1,720,155 
58,693,404 
1,251,644 
36,846,139 
39,388,232
39,441,999
Loans.......................................................  
—
—
—
—
16,059,998
11,144,441
Other Facilities ........................................
1,720,155 
58,693,404 
1,251,644 
36,846,139 
23,328,234
28,297,558
OTHER LIABILITIES..........................
4,233,057 
144,436,138 
3,434,282 
101,099,073 
59,407,556
33,288,826
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY...............  
5,597,138 
190,979,933 
6,076,492 
178,880,993 
126,261,939
63,489,206
Paid in Capital .........................................  
247,562 
8,447,051 
286,942 
8,447,051 
8,447,051
8,447,051
Capital Reserves ......................................
66,494 
2,268,850 
75,328 
2,217,533 
2,165,691
2,145,565
Share premium.........................................
16,322 
556,937 
18,919 
556,937 
556,937
556,937
Share Cancellation Profits........................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other Capital Reserves ............................
50,172 
1,711,913 
56,410 
1,660,596 
1,608,754
1,588,628
Other 
accumulated 
comprehensive 
income that will not be reclassified in 
profit or loss.........................................
262,275 
8,949,094 
94,272 
2,775,189 
1,966,271
1,059,745
Other 
accumulated 
comprehensive 
income that will be reclassified in profit 
or loss ..................................................  
109,394 
3,732,626 
340,919 
10,036,052 
18,340,436
7,241,307
Profit Reserves.........................................
4,206,584 
143,532,843 
2,913,008 
85,753,704 
40,956,310
32,464,808
Legal Reserves.........................................
101,811 
3,473,904 
84,789 
2,496,040 
1,747,175
1,544,526
Statutory reserves.....................................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
Extraordinary Reserves............................  
4,103,739 
140,023,685 
2,827,954 
83,249,883 
39,202,036
30,913,543
Other Profit Reserves...............................
1,033 
35,254 
264 
7,781 
7,099
6,739 ‘
Profit or loss ............................................  
704,709 
24,045,368 
2,365,932 
69,648,790 
54,384,643
12,129,712
Prior years’ profits or losses.....................  
48,063 
1,639,954 
55,708 
1,639,954 
1,639,954
1,639,954
Current period net profit or loss ...............  
656,646 
22,405,414 
2,310,224 
68,008,836 
52,744,689
10,489,758
Minority interest ......................................  
120  
4,101  
91  
2,674  
1,537 
1,018 
TOTAL LIABILITIES..........................  
72,967,233  
2,489,714,963  
63,297,804  
1,863,373,400  
1,184,267,014 
780,820,906 
_________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 34.121 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2024.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 29.438 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2023.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA.

--- Page 144 ---
125 
 
 
Income Statement Data 
For the nine months ended 30 
September 2024 
For the nine months ended 30 
September 2023 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
Income Statement Data:
Interest income...................................................
10,618,518 
342,233,327 
6,788,179 
150,620,708 
Interest expense..................................................
(8,658,209)
(279,052,849)
(4,378,996)
(97,164,129)
Net interest income...........................................
1,960,309 
63,180,478 
2,409,183 
53,456,579 
Fees and commissions received..........................
2,644,947 
85,246,255 
1,489,442  
33,048,757  
Fees and commissions paid ................................
(902,563)
(29,089,464)
(397,622)
(8,822,714)
Net fees and commissions income....................
1,742,384 
56,156,791 
1,091,820 
24,226,043 
Dividend income ................................................
3,296 
106,216 
2,772  
61,510  
Trading profit/(loss) (net)...................................
(1,092,004)
(35,195,145)
1,108,003 
24,585,114 
Other operating income......................................
732,614 
23,612,051 
580,438 
12,879,161 
Provision for impairment of loans and other 
receivables(3) ...................................................
(829,906)
(26,747,737)
(872,883)
(19,368,113)
Other operating expenses(4) ................................
(1,771,538)
(57,096,431)
(1,451,044)
(32,196,740)
Net operating profit/loss ..................................
745,155 
24,016,223 
2,868,290 
63,643,554 
Profit/Loss 
from 
equity 
method 
applied 
subsidiaries......................................................
35,764 
1,152,667 
39,641  
879,572  
Tax provisions for continuing operations (+/-)...
(85,693)
(2,761,878)
(712,973)
(15,819,934)
Net profit/loss from continuing operations.....
695,225 
22,407,012 
2,194,957 
48,703,192 
Net profit/loss from discontinued operations.
—
—
— 
— 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the average rate of TL 32.2299 = 
U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with average of the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate for the nine months ended 30 September 
2024.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars 
pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the average rate of TL 22.1887 = 
U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with average of the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate for the nine months ended 30 September 
2023.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars 
pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(3) 
Includes allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses. 
(4) 
Includes personnel costs.

--- Page 145 ---
126 
 
 
For the nine 
months ended 30 
September 2024
For the year ended 
31 December
2023
2022
2021
(TL, thousands)
Income Statement Data:............................................
Interest income............................................................
342,233,327 
232,944,677 
133,298,907
54,084,352
Interest expense...........................................................
(279,052,849) 
(153,527,562) 
(54,040,436) 
(30,348,799) 
Net interest income....................................................
63,180,478  
79,417,115  
79,258,471 
23,735,553 
Fees and commissions received...................................
85,246,255 
53,176,158 
21,841,199
10,957,088
Fees and commissions paid .........................................
(29,089,464) 
(15,015,842) 
(6,100,545) 
(2,911,318) 
Net fees and commissions income.............................
56,156,791  
38,160,316  
15,740,654 
8,045,770 
Dividend income .........................................................
106,216 
66,864 
88,694
17,251
Trading profit/(loss) (net)............................................
(35,195,145)
21,288,402 
10,201,691
895,375
Other operating income(1)
23,612,051 
17,706,326 
3,741,079
2,316,538
Provision for impairment of loans and other 
receivables(1)(2) ........................................................................................
(26,747,737)
(24,376,461)
10,258,437
(10,310,327)
Other operating expenses(3)..................................................................
(57,096,431) 
(48,857,448) 
(22,885,127) 
(10,945,015) 
Net operating income/loss .........................................
24,016,223  
83,405,114  
68,958,239 
13,755,145 
Profit/Loss from equity method applied subsidiaries...
1,152,667 
1,623,787 
235,529
138,629
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing 
operations (+/-) .......................................................
(2,761,878) 
(17,018,737) 
(16,448,467) 
(3,403,758) 
Net profit/loss from continuing operations..............
22,407,012  
68,010,164  
52,745,301 
10,490,016 
Net profit/loss from discontinued operations...........
— 
— 
— 
— 
_______ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. Financial information 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. Financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 
has not been retrospectively restated for this change. 
(2) 
Includes allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses. 
(3) 
Includes personnel expenses. 
Key Ratios 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 
2024, and as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021.  The basis for calculation of ratios 
that are non-GAAP financial measures is set out in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information—
Alternative Performance Measures”.  Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation 
from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with BRSA Principles. 
As of and for the 
nine months ended 
30 September
As of and for the year ended 
31 December
2024
2023
2022
2021
(%)
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity ...........................................
16.4
45.1
56.6
19.6
Return on assets.............................................................................................
1.4
4.5
5.4
1.7
Swap adjusted net interest margin .................................................................
0.3
5.4
9.1
3.2
Capital adequacy ratio(1) ................................................................................
14.8
16.9
18.1
15.0
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2).......................................................................
12.3
15.3
16.2
12.6
Cost-to-income ratio(3)...................................................................................
52.4
30.8
21.7
31.0
NPL ratio.......................................................................................................
3.0
2.9
3.4
4.6
Cost to average total assets............................................................................
3.5
3.2
2.4
1.7
Net cost of risk(4) ...........................................................................................
0.47
1.0
2.3
2.1
_______ 
Note:  Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared on an annual basis. 
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 30 September 
2024, total risk weighted assets are calculated with 2023 year-end USD/TRY exchange rate.  The capital adequacy ratios reported for 30 September 
2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 16.7%, 
19.1%, 19.9% and 17.6%, respectively. 
(2) 
The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 30 September 
2024, total risk weighted assets are calculated with 2023 year-end USD/TRY exchange rate.  The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios reported for 30 
September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, 
were 14.0%, 17.3%, 17.9% and 14.9%, respectively. 
(3) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. Financial information 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. Financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 
has not been retrospectively restated for this change. 
(4) 
The net cost of risk ratios reported for 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 would be, if adjusted 
for the impact of foreign exchange; 0.23%, 0.14%, 1.47% and 0.87%, respectively.

--- Page 146 ---
127 
 
 
CAPITALISATION OF THE BANK 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalisation of the Group as of 30 September 2024.  The 
information in this table has been extracted from the Group’s Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for 
the nine month period ended 30 September 2024 without material adjustment.  This table should be read in 
conjunction with “Use of Proceeds” and the Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2024 (with 30 September 2023 comparatives) incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
As of 30 September 2024 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, thousands) 
Indebtedness
Subordinated debts borrowings.............................................................................................
1,720,155 
58,693,404 
Marketable securities issued (net) .........................................................................................
4,077,358 
139,123,533 
Other borrowings(2) ....................................................................................................................................................................
13,552,016 
462,408,353 
Total Indebtedness
19,349,529 
660,225,290 
Equity
Paid in capital and share premium.........................................................................................
263,884 
9,003,988 
Other reserves........................................................................................................................
5,285,070 
180,331,890 
Retained earnings..................................................................................................................
48,063 
1,639,954 
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Parent
5,597,017 
190,975,832 
Minority interests ..................................................................................................................
120 
4,101 
Shareholders’ equity ...........................................................................................................
5,597,138 
190,979,933 
Total capitalisation..............................................................................................................
24,946,667 
851,205,223 
____________ 
Note: 
(1) For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of 34.1210 = U.S.$1.00, which 
corresponds with the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2024.  Such translation should not be construed as a 
representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(2) Includes borrowings, money markets and funds. 
There has been no material change in the Bank’s capitalisation since 30 September 2024.

--- Page 147 ---
128 
 
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the 
Group covers the nine month periods ended 30 September 2024 and 2023 and the financial years ended 31 
December 2023, 2022 and 2021.  Unless otherwise specified, the financial information presented in this 
discussion has been extracted from the Annual BRSA Financial Statements and Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements without material adjustment.  This section should be read in conjunction with such Annual BRSA 
Financial Statements and Interim BRSA Financial Statements, the notes thereto and the other financial 
information incorporated by reference or included in this Base Prospectus (including the section entitled 
“Presentation of Financial and Other Information”).  The Annual BRSA Financial Statements and Interim 
BRSA Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with BRSA regulations as described in 
“Presentation of Financial and Other Information”.  For a discussion of the main differences between the BRSA 
Financial Statements and IFRS, see “Appendix 1—Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA 
Accounting Principles”. 
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements”.  Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements.  See the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements”. 
Introduction 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full-service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Türkiye.  It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking Law 
and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 September 
2024, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets and ranked fourth among private 
banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 15.9% 
market share among private banks and an 8.4% market share in the overall banking sector (compared with a 
market share of 8.1% as of 31 December 2023, 8.2% as of 31 December 2022 and 8.3% as of 31 December 
2021), and fourth among private banks in total deposits with a 14.4% market share (compared with a market 
share of 14.3% as of 31 December 2023, 15.2% as of 31 December 2022 and 14.3% as of 31 December 2021).  
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had 773 branches covering all regions of Türkiye (which includes one 
branch in Bahrain).  It maintains market leading positions in key segments and products supported by its strong 
franchise, large network and leading brand.  The Group is organised into three segments: (i) retail banking, 
(ii) corporate and commercial banking and (iii) private banking and wealth management.  The Bank’s service 
model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries.  The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa 
Istanbul. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank held a 19.2% market share among private banks in credit card outstanding 
volume according to the BRSA statistics.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank also had strong positions in 
mutual funds (with a 8.9% market share), and non-cash loans (among private banks the Bank held a 20% market 
share, as of 30 September 2024, according to the BRSA statistics). 
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking. In line with the Bank’s small-ticket focused strategy, the 
shares of retail loans (including of SMEs) reached 54% as of the nine months ended 30 September 2024.  Retail 
banking products and services offered to customers include card payment systems, consumer loans (including 
general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), commercial installment loans, SME loans, SME banking 
packages, time and demand deposits, gold banking, investment accounts, life and non-life insurance products 
and payroll services.  In addition, the Bank offers privileges to customers who receive their monthly salary or 
social security institution (“SSI”) payments through the Bank.  Card payment systems includes the management 
of products, services, campaigns for member merchants as well as the sales and activities for a variety of 
customer types.  The Bank’s “World” brand and shopping and marketing platform of the Bank includes card 
brands known as “Crystal”, “Play”, “Adios” and “Taksitçi” that provide services for the Bank’s different 
segments.  Through its private banking activities, the Bank serves high net worth customers and delivers 
investment products to this customer segment.  Among the products and services offered to Private Banking 
customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products—such as forwards, futures and

--- Page 148 ---
129 
 
 
options—in domestic and international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, 
pension plans, insurance products and 7/24 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services.  Also, personal advisory 
services (for example, with respect to art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) are offered 
within the private banking and wealth management activities.  Customers are also provided with investment 
advisory and portfolio management services through the Group’s portfolio management and brokerage 
subsidiaries. 
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for its own account and for 
the account of its customers. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye (third largest among private 
banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 773 branches spread throughout Türkiye, including 
one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.2% market share of branches in overall banking sector).  
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of Limitless 
Banking channels including 5,427 automatic teller machines (“ATMs”), 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs 
with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye, achieving a 10.1% market share 
according to the Interbank Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 14.4 million customers as of 30 
September 2024, a leading position in mobile banking with 14.2 million customers as of 30 September 2024, as 
well as three award winning call centres, according to the Turkish Banking Association.  See “—Distribution—
Limitless Banking”.   
As of 30 September 2024, the Group had 15,827 employees, of which 14,911 were employees of the Bank 
(representing 7.9% market share).  This compares to 15,954, 16,339 and 16,313 employees as of 31 December 
2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 respectively, of which 15,009, 15,431 and 15,452 were 
employees of the Bank.  Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, 
Azerbaijan and a branch in Bahrain.  The Group had total assets of TL 2,489.8 billion (U.S.$ 72.9 billion) as of 
30 September 2024, compared with TL 1,863.3 billion as of 31 December 2023, TL 1,184.2 billion as of 31 
December 2022 and TL 780.8 billion as of 31 December 2021. 
According to the consolidated Interim BRSA Financial Statements for the nine-month period ended 30 
September 2024, the Group had gross profit from operating activities of TL 107,860 million (U.S.$3,347 
million) compared to TL 156,639 million (U.S.$6,588 million) for the year ended 31 December 2023 (restated 
to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis).  For the period ended 30 September 
2024, the Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 52.4% and operating cost growth was 77.3% year-over-year, 
compared to 30.8% and 106%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2023 (restated to report reversals 
of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis).  For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s 
costs divided by average assets ratio was 3.2% versus 2.4% as of 31 December 2022.  The Group’s fees divided 
by operating costs ratio reached 78.2% in the year ended 31 December 2023 versus 66.5% as of 31 December 
2022.  The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth.  A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class 
profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
The Group’s net profit was TL 22,407 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 16.4% 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, compared with TL 68,010 million and 45.1% for the year ended 
31 December 2023, TL 52,745 million and 56.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022 and TL 10,490 million 
and 19.6% for the year ended 31 December 2021.  The banking sector’s return on average tangible shareholders’ 
equity was 24.8%, 34.1%, 40.2% and 14.0% for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022, and 31 December 2021, respectively, according to data from the BRSA’s 
monthly bulletin.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s return on assets ratio was at 1.4%, compared to 4.5% 
as of 31 December 2023, 5.4% as of 31 December 2022 and 1.7% as of 31 December 2021. 
As of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 17.7% (or 15.8% without Temporary Forbearances), 20.3%, 21.3% and 18.7%, respectively, 
on a Bank-only basis (in this paragraph, figures for 31 December 2022 and thereafter are presented taking into 
account the impact of Temporary Forbearances, except where stated otherwise).  As of 30 September 2024, 31, 
December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Bank’s common equity tier-1 ratio was 13.7% 
(or 12.0% without Temporary Forbearances), 16.6%, 17.5% and 13.8%, respectively, on a Bank-only basis.  On

--- Page 149 ---
130 
 
 
a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 16.7% (or 14.8% without Temporary 
Forbearances), 19.1%, and 19.9% and 17.6% as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021, respectively, while common equity Tier-1 ratios were 12.9% (or 11.2% without 
Temporary Forbearances), 15.6%, 16.3% and 13.02% as of the same dates.  The banking sector’s capital 
adequacy ratios stood at 17.7%, 18.4%, 19.2%, and 18.1% as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, respectively. 
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
Numerous factors affect the Group’s results of operations, some of which are outside the Group’s control.  The 
following discussion identifies certain of those factors that are significant to the Group. 
Turkish Economy 
The majority of the Group’s operations are in Türkiye and its business and results of operations are affected by 
general economic conditions in Türkiye.  As of 30 September 2024, 94.48% of the Group’s total assets were 
located in Türkiye.  Accordingly, the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition have been and will 
continue to be significantly affected by Turkish political and economic factors, including the economic growth 
rate, the rate of inflation and fluctuations in exchange and interest rates.  In addition, because the Bank is reliant 
on deposits from retail customers for a significant portion of its funding and generates a significant amount of 
its net income from retail customers, the Bank’s performance is affected by changes in wages, consumer 
spending and GDP growth generally. 
See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business—The Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects are affected by general economic conditions in Türkiye” and “Risk Factors—
Risks Related to Türkiye—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”. 
Global and Overall Trends 
The Bank’s performance will continue to be influenced by conditions in the global economy.  Global and 
emerging market uncertainties have continued for the past several years, driven by U.S. and global monetary 
policies, high inflation and low growth risk in emerging markets, concerns about slowdown of global growth 
rates, global trade tensions and geopolitical risks such as the tension between Russia and Ukraine.  The outlook 
for the global economy (and particularly emerging markets) over the near to medium term remains challenging, 
which in turn might impact prospects for stabilisation and improvement of economic and financial conditions 
in Türkiye.  A lack of improvement, or deterioration in these conditions, might have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In Türkiye, GDP grew by 5.1% in 2023, 5.5% in 2022 and 11.4% in 2021, according to TurkStat.  In the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024, GDP grew by 3.2% driven by external demand while domestic demand 
negatively impacted annual growth. 
In 2021 and 2022, despite the risk of potential new variants of COVID-19, the global economy overall recovered 
from the COVID-19, but growth in 2022 was negatively impacted by rate increases by the U.S. Federal Reserve 
and other central banks in response to elevated levels of inflation from increased global demand, upward 
commodity prices, supply constraints and rise in transportation costs.  The U.S. Federal Reserve started reducing 
asset purchases.  During the nine months ended 30 September 2023, the U.S. Federal Reserve continued 
tightening monetary policy, increasing the federal funds rate by 525 bps. In 2024, the U.S. Federal Reserve 
loosened monetary policy, reducing the federal funds rate by 75 bps.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related 
Türkiye—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects”.] 
With respect to current account balances, in 2021, the current account balance started to improve gradually due 
to increase in exports owing to the rapid recovery in global demand and the rise in export prices.  Meanwhile, 
the recovery in services gained momentum on the back of the acceleration of vaccination and lifting of 
restrictions.  The current account significantly deteriorated in 2023 as a result of rising energy and commodity 
prices given Türkiye’s dependence on energy.  The deficit was U.S.$9.7 billion ((0.8)% of GDP) as of 30 
September 2024, on a 12-month rolling basis.  Moreover, various events including any deterioration in economic 
conditions in Türkiye’s primary export customers and geopolitical risks (such as tariffs imposed by the United

--- Page 150 ---
131 
 
 
States on imports from Türkiye) as well as further increases or extended periods of elevated energy prices could 
result in an increase in the current account deficit, including due to the possible negative impact on Türkiye’s 
foreign trade and tourism revenues. 
Since 2021 Turkish monetary policy has been volatile, as further explained under “—Interest Rates—Market 
Interest Rate Trends” below. 
High inflation levels remain a risk for Türkiye.  As of November 2024, inflation stands at 47.1% on the back of 
rising costs, disrupted expectations and high demand.  The CBRT has announced its expectation that inflation 
should start to normalise following measures taken to strengthen financial stability, such as the FX reserve 
requirement and TL fixed rate securities maintenance application (see “—Interest Rates—Market Interest Rate 
Trends” for discussion of such measures) along with the resolution of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. However, 
the CBRT revised its inflation forecasts on 8 November 2024 to 44%, 21% and 12% for 2024, 2025 and 2026, 
respectively (from 38%, 14% and 9%, respectively). 
The following table presents selected macroeconomic data with respect to the Turkish economy as of or for the 
periods indicated below: 
As of or for 
the period 
indicated in 
As of or for the years ended 
31 December(1) 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
Nominal GDP at current prices (in 
millions of Turkish Lira)(6)............
-
26,545,722
15,011,776
7,248,789
5,046,883
4,320,191
3,758,316
3,110,650
Real GDP growth (%)(6) .................... 
3.2 
5.1 
5.5 
11.4 
1.8 
0.9 
2.9 
7.5 
Deficit/surplus of consolidated budget 
(%)(2) (5) ....................................... 
(4.9) 
(5.2) 
(0.9) 
(2.7) 
(3.4) 
(2.9) 
(1.9) 
(1.5) 
Inflation (end of period) (%)(7)...........
49.4
64.8
64.3
36.1
14.6
11.8
20.3
11.9
Central Bank reference interest rate(4)  
50.0 
42.5 
9.0 
14 
17.0 
12.0 
24.0 
8.0 
O/N Lending Rate of the Central Bank 
(%)(4) ............................................ 
53.0 
44.0 
10.5 
15.5 
18.5 
13.5 
25.50 
9.25 
Nominal appreciation (depreciation) of 
the Turkish Lira against the U.S. 
dollar (%)(7) ..................................
16.1
57.2
(44.1)
(76.8)
(23.6)
(12.9)
(39.5)
(7.2)
Real 
effective 
exchange 
rate 
appreciation 
(depreciation) 
(%)(3)(7) ........................................ 
13.2 
1.2 
15.2 
(23.0) 
(18.4) 
(0.2) 
(11.5) 
(7.7) 
Total gross gold and international 
currency reserves (in millions of 
U.S. dollars) (7)..............................
152,771
141,060
128,754
111,051
93,206
105,696
93,028
107,730
 
____________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Inflation, nominal depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and real effective exchange rate are presented on a year to year basis. 
(2) 
Last 12 months deficit over last 12 months GDP. 
(3) 
CPI based real effective exchange rate is used. 
(4) 
Presented as of 22 October 2024. 
(5) 
Presented as of, or for the nine months ended, 30 September 2024. 
(6) 
Presented as of, or for the nine months ended, 30 September 2024. 
(7)  
Presented as of, or for the nine months ended, 30 September 2024. 
Sources:  TurkStat for nominal GDP at current prices, real GDP growth, inflation.  Turkish Ministry of Finance, General Directorate of Public Accounts, for deficit surplus of consolidated budget and 
Central Bank for reference overnight interest rate, refinancing rate, nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar, real effective exchange rate and total gross gold and 
international currency reserves. 
Changes in Inflation 
Headline inflation based on the CPI reached 49.4% as of September 2024, compared to 64.8% as of 31 
December 2023, mainly driven by the increases in the price of food and non-alcoholic beverages, utilities, 
household equipment, transportation, hotels and restaurants. As of November 2024, annual CPI fell to 47.1%. 
Core inflation (C Index) year-on-year was 47.1% as of November 2024, compared to 70.6% as of 31 December 
2023, 51.9% as of 31 December 2022, and 31.9% as of 31 December 2021. 
In addition to inflation in Türkiye, expectations for inflation globally have been disrupted by geopolitical risks 
arising from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and its negative impact on global supply chains, which 
had already deteriorated during the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to on-going supply constraints and high price 
volatility in energy, various intermediate goods and commodities.  To address the rising inflation concerns, the 
CBRT has implemented significant interest rate hikes to restore price stability.  Despite this, the global economy 
has remained resilient, leading to a longer-than-expected period to cool the high inflation cycle.  Global inflation 
is forecasted to decline steadily, with advanced economies expected to return to their inflation targets sooner 
than emerging markets and developing economies.  Core inflation is generally projected to decline more 
gradually.  However, global supply chains, energy and commodity prices remain susceptible to shocks from 
ongoing local conflicts.  An escalation in conflict zones may result in spillover effects which could pose risks 
of renewed global inflation shocks.

--- Page 151 ---
132 
 
 
The factors driving higher inflation also led to tighter monetary policies and caused demand to weaken on a 
global scale.  While inflation has begun to ease slightly in certain regions, inflation remains relatively high 
across the world, and financial conditions have remained volatile, which is another important factor limiting 
economic activity. 
See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—Türkiye’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its 
current account deficit.” 
Turkish Political Conditions 
Furthermore, political uncertainty has continued over the past several years due to the results of both national 
and local elections in Türkiye and is likely to continue.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—Political 
developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects”.  In May 2023, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was re-elected for a third five-
year term. 
On 31 March 2024, local elections were held throughout Türkiye, and President Erdoğan’s AK Party lost to the 
opposition CHP.  Looking ahead, Türkiye is anticipated to enter a four-year period without elections, 
accompanied by expectations of stabilization and a return to conventional monetary policies.   
Credit Ratings Impact 
The Bank’s credit ratings fluctuate based on domestic and geopolitical factors. Changes to Türkiye’s sovereign 
credit rating tend to impact the Bank’s credit ratings.   
Türkiye’s sovereign rating and the ratings of Turkish banks, including the Bank’s, were impacted by 
developments in monetary policy and external vulnerabilities. Lately, with positive developments in financial 
stability and a decline in external vulnerabilities, the rating agencies upgraded both the ratings of the sovereign 
and the Bank. For example: 
 
On 8 September 2023, Fitch revised Türkiye’s Outlook from “Negative” to “Stable” citing a decrease in 
uncertainty with the normalisation of monetary policy, while affirming the long-term foreign and local 
currency rating at “B”.  Following the change, on 22 September 2023, Fitch revised the Bank’s Outlook to 
“Stable” from “Negative” and affirmed the long-term foreign and local currency ratings at “B-” and “B”, 
respectively. 
 
On 12 January 2024, Moody’s revised the outlook on Türkiye’s sovereign credit rating from “Stable” to 
“Positive”.  Following this change, on 17 January 2024, the rating agency revised the outlook on the Group’s 
long-term foreign currency deposit, long-term local currency deposit and senior unsecured debt from 
“Stable” to “Positive”, affirming the rating “B3”.  On 12 January 2024, Moody’s also upgraded Türkiye’s 
FC country ceiling rate from “B3” to “B2” and following that, on 17 January 2024, Yapı ve Kredi Bank’s 
long-term FC counterparty risk rating is upgraded from “B3” to “B2”. 
 
On 3 May 2024, S&P Global Ratings raised its unsolicited long-term sovereign credit ratings on Türkiye to 
“B+” from “B”.  The outlook remained positive. 
 
On 8 March 2024, Fitch upgraded Türkiye’s sovereign rating to “B+” from “B”, and the outlook to 
“Positive” from “Stable”.  Following this upward revision, on 15 March 2024, the rating agency upgraded 
the Bank’s long-term foreign currency deposit rating to “B” from “B-” and the outlook upwards to 
“Positive” from “Stable”.  Fitch has also upgraded the Bank’s long-term Senior Unsecured Debt rating to 
“B” from “B-”. 
 
On 14 June 2024, Fitch affirmed the Bank’s long-term foreign currency deposit rating at “B” and the outlook 
at “Positive”.  The rating agency also upgraded the Bank’s long-term local currency rating to “B+” from 
“B” and the outlook at “Positive”.  In addition, Fitch upgraded the Bank’s viability rating to “b+” from “b” 
and its national rating to “AA-(tur)” from “A+(tur)”.  Fitch also revised its subordinated rating to “B-”‘ 
from “CCC+”. 
 
On 19 July 2024, Moody’s upgraded the Government of Türkiye’s sovereign rating to “B1” from “B3” and 
Türkiye’s foreign-currency country ceiling to “Ba3” from “B2” and the local-currency country ceiling to

--- Page 152 ---
133 
 
 
“Ba1” from “Ba3” with a positive outlook.  Following this change, on 23 July 2024, the rating agency 
upgraded the Bank’s long-term foreign currency deposit, long-term local currency deposit and senior 
unsecured debt ratings to “B1” from “B3” with a positive outlook. 
 
On 6 September 2024, Fitch upgraded Türkiye’s sovereign rating to “BB-” from “B+” and the outlook to 
“Stable” from “Positive”.  Following this upward revision, on 17 September 2024, the rating agency 
upgraded the Bank’s long-term foreign currency deposit rating by to “BB-” from “B”, long-term local 
currency deposit rating to “BB-” from “B+”, and the outlook to “Stable” from “Positive”.  Fitch has also 
upgraded the Bank’s Government support rating to “b-” from “no support”.   
 
On 1 November 2024, S&P Global Ratings upgraded Türkiye’s sovereign rating to “BB-” from “B+” and 
the outlook to “Stable” from “Positive”.  
Despite improvement in 2023 and 2024, the current ratings of all three agencies continue to imply high credit 
and default risks which affect the Bank’s ratings. 
Interest Rates and Monetary Policy in Türkiye 
The de-linking of market interest rates in Türkiye from Central Bank policy rates in 2022 and the first half of 
2023 had various effects during that period, resulting in very positive returns on CPI-linked securities and 
increased profitability of Turkish banks in Turkish Lira terms, but the impact has been offset in part as a result 
of policy actions, including the capping of interest rates that can be charged by banks on certain products. 
Market Interest Rate Trends 
One of the primary factors affecting the Group’s profitability is the level of fluctuations in interest rates in 
Türkiye, which in turn influence the return on its securities portfolio and its loan and deposit rates.  In recent 
years, the Central Bank has shifted approaches due to a number of different factors, including elevated 
uncertainties regarding global monetary policies, as well as domestic economic conditions and political 
conditions (including five different Central Bank governors since 2016). 
After the Governor of the Central Bank was replaced on 6 July 2019, the Central Bank generally loosened 
monetary policy by cutting interest rates in light of weaker global economic activity and reduced inflationary 
pressure.  The Central Bank continued its rate-cutting cycle through 2020, in order to minimize the impact of 
COVID-19 (the policy rate (i.e., one-week repo rate) reached a low of 8.25% from May 2020).  From September 
2020 into 2021, the Central Bank increased the policy rate (reaching a high of 19% from March 2021) in 
response to higher inflation; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, from the second 
half of 2021 the Central Bank shifted its monetary policy, decreasing the policy rate (reaching a low of 8.5% 
from February 2023). 
In addition to CBRT’s policy rate decisions, in 2022, new regulations have been introduced by policy makers, 
which also affect interest rates.  See “—Changes to Turkish Banking Policy and Regulation” below. 
Following the May 2023 general elections, Mehmet Simsek was appointed as the minister of Treasury and 
Finance on 4 June 2023 and Hafize Gaye Erkan took the office of the governor of the Turkish Central Bank on 
6 June 2023.  The new administration applied a more orthodox monetary policy prioritising price stability as 
well as “Liraization” of the Turkish domestic market.  The policy rate (one-week repo rate) significantly 
increased through several rate increases from 8.5% to 35% in a five-month period.  The Central Bank’s net 
international reserves increased to U.S.$25 billion as of 27 October 2023 from negative net reserves zone 
(excluding the swap agreements of the Central Bank).  When the swap agreements of the Central Bank are taken 
into account, the amelioration is limited as the net international reserves stands at (U.S.$55) billion as of 3 
November 2023.  The Central Bank has looked to alleviate pressure on foreign reserves by applying additional 
securities maintenance requirements based on levels of FX deposits, encouraging a shift to TL deposits.  
Although the market interventions have not completely ceased, the Central Bank has stated that it is not targeting 
a certain exchange rate, as it was clearly the case in the Kavcıoğlu-Nebati era, but funding the market to balance 
the gradual reduction in FX-protected deposit schemes, which have decreased by U.S.$24 billion between 
August and November 2023.  The Central Bank’s communication strategy has been revised and emphasis has 
been placed on more conventional policy approaches to improve the credibility of the Central Bank.

--- Page 153 ---
134 
 
 
On 25 June 2023, the Central Bank announced that the existing microprudential and macroprudential framework 
would be gradually simplified.  On 25 July 2023, the Central Bank announced that, to increase the functionality 
of the market mechanism, the securities maintenance practice was simplified based on interest rates, and 
accordingly the first tier for TL commercial loans excluding export and investment loans was removed and 
interest rate cap was applied as a single tier.  Subsequently, on 27 October 2023, the Central Bank announced 
the termination of the various securities maintenance practices.  Regulatory activity may continue to impact 
interest rates and contribute to volatility. 
In 2024, the MPC maintained a tight monetary policy stance, emphasizing that this stance will continue until a 
significant and sustained decline in the underlying trend of monthly inflation is observed, and inflation 
expectations align with the projected forecast range.  The MPC reiterated its medium-term inflation target of 
5%. 
The MPC raised the policy rate (the one-week repo auction rate) twice in 2024, first from 42.5% to 45% in 
January 2024 and then again from 45% to 50% in March 2024. The MPC maintained the interest rate at 50% 
for its last 8 meetings as of November 2024.  In addition, the MPC continued implementing macroprudential 
policies to reinforce its tight monetary policy stance. 
See also “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest 
rates.” 
Impact of Interest Rates on the Group 
Net income from interest earned and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflects, to a certain degree, 
inflation, expectations regarding inflation, shifts in short term interest rates set by the Central Bank and 
movements in long term real interest rates. 
As is the case for the Turkish banking system generally, the Group’s assets have a longer maturity and reprice 
more slowly than its liabilities. As a result, changes in short term interest rates are generally reflected in the 
rates of interest paid by the Group on its liabilities before such changes can be reflected in the rates of interest 
earned by the Group on its assets. Therefore, when interest rates decline, the Group’s interest margin is 
positively affected, but when interest rates increase, the Group’s interest margin is generally negatively affected.  
From June 2023 through March 2024, the Central Bank raised interest rates seven times, from 8.5% to 50%. 
Furthermore, not only the policy rate but also the current macroprudential measures, like cap rates on credit 
card interest rates, are determinant in terms of the Group’s margins.  
The current environment remains intensely competitive, and there has been sustained pressure on margins from 
time to time, particularly during high interest rate environments due to increasing deposit costs across the 
Turkish banking sector.  In light of these conditions, the Group is strongly focusing on customer business, small 
ticket retail deposit generation with an increasing share of demand deposits in total deposits, optimal allocation 
of loans in higher yielding segments and reducing concentration, optimisation of deposit pricing, diversification 
of funding sources and fee income generation, especially through transactional banking and payment systems. 
Moreover, in light of the Central Bank’s policy of reducing policy rates despite high inflation, both asset and 
liability interest rates in the Turkish banking system have been driven by inflation and expectations regarding 
macroeconomic conditions rather than Central Bank policy rates.  The de-linking of market interest rates in 
Türkiye from Central Bank policy rates in 2022 and the first half of 2023 has had various effects during that 
period, including resulting in very positive returns on CPI-linked securities and increased profitability of Turkish 
banks in Turkish Lira terms, but the impact has been offset in part as a result of policy actions, including the 
capping of interest rates that can be charged by banks on certain products. 
Exchange Rates 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly in 
U.S. dollars and Euros (37.35% of total assets and 42.30% of total liabilities as of 30 September 2024).  While 
the Group monitors its net open position in foreign currencies and the Group is required to comply with foreign 
currency net open position limits set by the BRSA, the Group has maintained and is likely to continue to 
maintain gaps between the balances of its foreign currency assets and liabilities.  The limit imposed by the 
BRSA is defined as an amount plus/minus 10% of the total capital, which is the basis for capital adequacy 
calculation. The Bank’s internal net open foreign currency position is calculated and monitored against the

--- Page 154 ---
135 
 
 
internal limit assigned to it and reported to the top management on a daily basis. The Group’s net foreign 
currency open position as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 was as follows: 
 
Foreign Currency 
 
EUR 
U.S.$ 
Other 
Total 
(thousands)
As of 30 September 2024...................................
402,592 
(3,757,942)
9,972,272 
6,616,922 
As of 31 December 2023....................................
418,759 
(996,793)
7,936,212 
7,358,178 
As of 31 December 2022....................................
846,899
(10,564,919)
3,854,994
(5,863,026)
As of 31 December 2021....................................
1,628,231
(1,120,766)
2,664,979
3,172,444
Because the Group translates such assets and liabilities and interest earned from and paid on those assets and 
liabilities into local currency (Turkish Lira), the Group’s income statement is affected by changes in exchange 
rates.  The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s results of operations depends on the rate 
of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies.  For 
the nine months ended 30 September 2024 and years ended 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, the Group recorded net foreign exchange losses of TL 26,622,764 thousand, TL 15,993,412 
thousand, TL 11,108,879 thousand and TL 20,653,940 thousand. 
The value of the Turkish currency against the U.S. dollar has been volatile, but mainly negative, over the last 
several years, primarily as a result of uncertainties surrounding the political and economic landscape, both 
globally and in Türkiye.  The Turkish Lira depreciated by 16.1%, 57.2%, 44.1% and 76.8% against the U.S. 
dollar, in the nine months ended 30 September 2024 and the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, 
respectively.  Due to the volatility in financial markets and the rise in risk premiums, the Turkish Lira 
depreciated to a new low, reaching TL 29.40 to U.S.$1 on 31 December 2023.  The exchange rate was TL 34.12 
per U.S. dollar as of 30 September 2024, TL 29.40 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2023, TL 18.6983 per 
U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2022 and TL 12.9775 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2021. 
Depreciation of the Turkish Lira may have a negative impact on the asset quality of certain industries in Türkiye, 
particularly those that rely on domestic revenues to fund foreign currency loans as well as creating a more 
uncertain environment for the valuation of Turkish assets.  However, in light of this variable currency 
environment, the Group seeks to minimise its open foreign currency positions and the net balance sheet foreign 
currency position of the Group is not significant, and thus exchange rate fluctuations generally do not have a 
significant impact on the Group’s balance sheet directly. 
Exchange rate movements also affect the Turkish Lira equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency 
denominated assets and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the Turkish 
Lira appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies convert into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the Turkish Lira 
depreciates, then assets in foreign currency convert into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus reduce the capital adequacy ratios).  For the year ended 31 December 2021, such 
macroeconomic environment had a negative impact of 180 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio.  For the 
year ended 31 December 2022, the macroeconomic environment had a negative impact of 3 bps on the Group’s 
capital adequacy ratio.  For the year ended 31 December 2023, the macroeconomic environment had a negative 
impact of 220 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio.  For the nine months ended 30 September 2024, the 
macroeconomic environment had a negative impact of 77 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio . 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has adopted a floating exchange rate regime.  For a discussion thereof 
please refer to “—Reserve Requirements Ratios” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—The value of 
the Turkish Lira fluctuates against other currencies”. 
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio is comprised of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised 
cost.  The portfolio primarily includes Government debt securities, both in local and foreign currency. 
The Group’s net financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to TL 119,767,596  
thousand as of 30 September 2024, TL 97,017,989 thousand as of 31 December 2023, TL 78,471,491 thousand

--- Page 155 ---
136 
 
 
as of 31 December 2022 and TL 34,797,510 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and the Group’s net financial 
assets measured at amortised cost amounted to TL 381,278,334 thousand, TL 318,113,094 thousand, TL 
168,826,257 thousand and TL 96,286,812 thousand as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively.  The Group also had a portfolio of financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss amounting to TL 3,344,600 thousand as of 30 September 2024, TL 2,277,485 thousand 
as of 31 December 2023, TL 2,270,895 thousand as of 31 December 2022 and TL 801,654 as of 31 December 
2021.  Interest income derived from the Group’s marketable securities portfolio amounted to TL 89,441,755 
thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, TL 84,363,783 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2023, TL 58,125,296 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 and TL 13,207,832 thousand 
for the year ended 31 December 2021, accounting for 26.13%, 36.22%, 43.61% and 24.42% of total interest 
income for the respective periods.  The Group’s CPI-linked nominal volume was TL 194.3 billion as of 30 
September 2024 (year-to-date increase of 16%) and TL 167.0 billion as of 31 December 2023, TL 111.8 billion 
as of 31 December 2022, with a gain of TL 56.7 billion for the nine months ended 30 September 2024.  As of 
30 September 2024, mark-to-market unrealised gain of the Group was at TL 10.7 billion, compared with a gain 
of TL 2.9 billion as of 31 December 2023. 
In addition, since 2010, the Central Bank has announced significant changes in bank reserve requirements for 
Turkish Lira and FX deposits with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as 
a macroprudential tool to support financial stability.  The Central Bank’s aim is also to lengthen the maturities 
of assets flowing into the country and to address concerns that maturities of liabilities in the Turkish banking 
sector are shorter than those of assets, which in turn expose the sector to liquidity and interest rate risk.  See 
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of 
Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, 
competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”, “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Liquidity Reserve Requirement”. 
In particular, recently the Central Bank has aimed to support financial stability and the Turkish Lira through 
additional reserve requirements and securities maintenance requirements.  See also “—Changes to Turkish 
Banking Policy and Regulation”.  As a result, since 2021 there has been an increase in the amount of Turkish 
governmental bonds held by the Group, up from 16% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2021. 
Growth in fee and commission income 
The Group has generally been able to generate a substantial portion of its revenue from service income and fees 
which it views as sustainable, for example, as of 30 September 2024 and 31 December 2023, 13.50% and 
11.74% of the operating revenues of the Group consisted of net fees and commissions, respectively.  Net fees 
and commissions contributed significantly, with some additional support from lending-related and transactional 
banking fees.  Another strong contributor to the Group’s fee and commission income is the credit card sector 
where the Group has an 19.2% market share in volume of outstanding credit card balances, 31.1% market share 
in issuing volume, 36.8% market share in acquiring volume, and 21% market share in number of cards among 
private banks as of 30 September 2024, according to the Interbank Card Centre.  In order to further enhance fee 
and commission income, the Group has been focusing on diversification of fees, through extensive focus on fee 
dynamics, new product launches, changes to transaction fees and increasing fee generating products, such as 
insurance policies, distributed by the Bank’s wide branch network, cash management and trade finance.  The 
Group has an entire department established solely to evaluate fee performance and related metrics.  The Group 
also re-designed its service model to support managed-risk revenue generation through a portfolio management 
approach for business banking customers in a refined affluent segment with additional advisory services and 
specialized services for a blue class customer sub-segment within a unified risk management system. 
Over the past years, however, consumer fees have been limited to a certain extent by regulatory actions as part 
of the consumer protection laws and regulations introduced since 2014.  The Bank was able to offset the impact 
through a strategic focus on enhancing fee generating activity, particularly in unregulated areas (such as 
payment systems) and still has one of the highest ratios of fees/revenues among peer banks.  See “Risk Factors—
Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, 
including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other 
factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”.

--- Page 156 ---
137 
 
 
Changes to Turkish Banking Policy and Regulation 
The Central Bank adjusts reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times to reduce or encourage 
certain actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity and changes to the holding of 
securities (primarily Turkish government securities).  The adjustments in reserve requirement ratios have 
frequently been combined with changes in the Central Bank’s interest rate and liquidity management policies, 
which directly influence the Group’s deposit and lending rates and thereby impact margins and results of 
operations given the maturity mismatch between shorter term assets and longer-term liabilities (see “Risk 
Management—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk”). 
The Central Bank has also used unconventional policy tools from time to time, including the FX-protected 
Turkish Lira deposit scheme and various measures aimed at limiting loan pricing in 2022 and 2023, which have 
impacted the financial condition and profitability of the Turkish banking sector.  For example, from August 
2022, the CBRT required that banks maintain TL long-term fixed rate securities in reserve if interest rates on 
commercial loans exceed the CBRT annual compound reference rate by a specified amount.  TL-denominated 
commercial cash loans (excluding certain loans like SMEs, agricultural loans, etc.) were also generally subjected 
to security maintenance.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Macroprudential Measures requiring 
Maintenance of Securities”.  Accordingly, TL commercial loan rates declined for the sector. 
Similarly, in 2021 and 2022, the Central Bank imposed securities maintenance requirements based on FX 
conversion rates or proportion of TL deposits compared to FX deposits.  These measures, and similar ones 
aimed at bolstering the TL by, in effect, encouraging growth in TL deposits relative to FX deposits, were 
designed to counterbalance the combined effects of high inflation and loosening monetary policy. 
On 25 June 2023, the Central Bank announced that that the existing micro-prudential and macroprudential 
framework would be gradually simplified.  Subsequently, on 27 October 2023, the Central Bank announced the 
termination of several of the securities maintenance practices.  However, with effect from 8 December 2023, 
the Central Bank will charge commissions on FX-denominated accounts to further incentivise Turkish Lira-
denominated accounts.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Liquidity Reserve Requirement”. 
The Central Bank also imposes certain caps on fees and interest rates on the Bank’s products, such as credit 
cards and overdraft loans.  For November and December 2024, the Central Bank published the monthly interest 
rate caps as follows:  (i) a monthly interest rate cap of 5.00% applied to credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations 
and overdraft accounts, (ii) and a monthly default interest cap of 5.30% applied to credit card cash 
withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts, (iii) for monthly debts lower than TL 25,000 (other than credit 
card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts), (a) 3.50% as the monthly cap on credit card interest 
rates for Turkish Lira transactions and (b) 3.80% as the monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira 
credit card transactions, (iv) for monthly debts between TL 25,000 and TL 150,000 (other than credit card cash 
withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts), (a) 4.25% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for 
Turkish Lira transactions and (b) 4.55% as the monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card 
transactions, (iv) for monthly debts over TL 150,000 (other than credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and 
overdraft accounts), (a) 4.75% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions and 
(b) 5.05% as the monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions, (vi) 3.50% as 
the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for FX transactions, and (vi) 3.80% as the monthly cap on default 
interest rates for FX credit card transactions.  Such limitations have continued to have an adverse impact on the 
Bank’s interest income for the periods under review.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit 
Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for 
Commercial Customers”. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended 30 September 2024 and 2023 
The Group’s net profit was TL 22,407,012 thousand in the nine months ended 30 September 2024, a decrease 
of 54% compared to net profit of TL 48,703,192 thousand in the nine months ended 30 September 2023. The 
decrease was primarily driven by an increase in Turkish Lira funding costs due to a continuing tight policy 
stance and related prudential measures implemented by the Central Bank, resulting in a margin pressure and the 
proactive provisioning policy of the Bank. The Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 52% for the nine months ended 
30 September 2024 compared to 28% for the nine months ended 30 September 2023. Costs grew by 77% over 
the period on the back of continued investments in human capital, investment in business growth and inflation.

--- Page 157 ---
138 
 
 
The table below summarises the Group’s income statement for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 and 
30 September 2023, the components of which are described in greater detail below: 
For the nine months ended 30 September 
2024 
2023 
% Change 
(TL thousands) 
% 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss
Interest income.....................................................................................
342,233,327 
150,620,708
127.22
Interest expense .................................................................................... 
(279,052,849) 
(97,164,129) 
(187.20) 
Net interest income ............................................................................. 
63,180,478  
53,456,579 
18.19 
Net fees and commissions income........................................................
56,156,791 
24,226,043 
131.80
Dividend income ..................................................................................
106,216 
61,510
72.68
Trading profit/(loss) (net).....................................................................
(35,195,145)
24,585,114
(243.16)
Other operating income ..........................................................................................................  
23,612,051  
12,879,161 
83.34 
Gross profit from operating activities.....................................................................  
107,860,391  
115,208,407 
(6.38) 
Allowance for expected credit losses............................................................................ 
(26,681,018)
(19,254,820) 
(38.57)
Other operating expenses .....................................................................
(36,130,466)
(20,650,802)
(74.96)
Other provision expenses .....................................................................
(66,719)
(113,293)
41.11
Personnel expenses ............................................................................... 
(20,965,965) 
(11,545,938) 
(81.59) 
Net operating profit/(loss) .................................................................. 
24,016,223  
63,643,554 
(62.26) 
Profit/ loss from equity method applied subsidiaries............................
1,152,667 
879,572 
31.05
Profit/loss before taxes from continuing operations........................
25,168,890 
64,523,126
(60.99)
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing operations (±) ........... 
(2,761,878) 
(15,819,934) 
82.54 
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ....................................... 
22,407,012  
48,703,192 
(53.99) 
Minority shares.....................................................................................
1,598 
988 
61.74
Group’s profit/loss .............................................................................. 
22,405,414  
48,702,204 
(54.00) 
 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
As of and for 
the nine months 
ended 30 
September 2024 
As of and for 
the year ended 
31 December 
2023 
(%) 
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity...................................................................
16.4
45.1
Return on assets.....................................................................................................................
1.4
4.5
Swap adjusted net interest margin.........................................................................................
0.3
5.4
Capital adequacy ratio(1) .........................................................................................................................................................
14.8
16.9
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2) ...........................................................................................................................................
12.3
15.3
Cost-to-income ratio..................................................................................................................................................................
52.4
30.8
NPL ratio...............................................................................................................................
3.0
2.9
Cost to average total assets....................................................................................................
3.5
3.2
____________ 
Note: 
The measures presented in the table above are defined under and should be read in conjunction with “Presentation of 
Financial and Other Information—Alternative Performance Measures.” Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared 
on an annual basis. 
(1) The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 
30 September 2024, total risk weighted assets are calculated with 2023 year-end USD/TRY exchange rate, and as of 31 December 
2023, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase exchange rates for 252 working 
days before the calculation date.  The capital adequacy ratios reported for 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 16.7%, 19.1%, 19.9% and 17.6%, 
respectively. 
(2) The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, 
as of 30 September 2024, total risk weighted assets are calculated with 2023 year-end USD/TRY exchange rate, and as of 31 
December 2022 and 2021, total risk weighted assets are calculated with an arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase 
exchange rates for 252 working days before the calculation date. The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios reported for 30 September 2024, 
31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 
14.0%, 17.3%, 17.9% and 14.9%, respectively.  The Group estimates that its Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio as at 31 December 2023 
would have worsened by approximately 150 bps if the redemption of the U.S.$650 million in aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of its Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Notes had occurred on 31 December 2023. 
Net Interest Income and Swap Adjusted Net Interest Margin 
The Group’s net interest income (excluding swaps) increased by 18.19% to TL 63,180,478 thousand for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024 from TL 53,456,579 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2023,

--- Page 158 ---
139 
 
 
while net interest income (including swaps) decreased by 75% year on year on the back of increasing costs of 
funding.  Interest income increased by 127% in the nine months ended 30 September 2024 as compared to the 
nine months ended 30 September 2023, but was offset by an increase in interest expense of 187% due to the 
high interest rate environment, and as a result a higher cost of funding. Interest income from performing loans 
increased by 159%, due to a 183% increase in interest income from TL performing loans. Interest income from 
marketable securities increased by 58%, compared to 30 September 2023. The Group’s interest expense 
(excluding swaps) increased 187% in the nine months ended 30 September 2024 as compared to the nine months 
ended 30 September 2023, primarily driven by a 153% increase in interest expense on Turkish Lira deposits 
(which constitute 68% of the Group’s interest expense). The Group’s swap cost was TL 49,343 million as of 
the nine months ended 30 September 2024, compared to TL 5,639 million as of the nine months ended 30 
September 2023, as a result of higher utilization due to balance sheet structure and higher cost of funding. 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest on loans, which amounted to TL 215,394,868 
thousand (63% of total interest income) for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, an increase of 159% 
compared to TL 83,115,579 thousand (55% of total interest income) for the same period in the previous year. 
The increase in the interest income on loans was mainly driven by ongoing repricing actions in an increasing 
interest rate environment. The Group’s remaining interest income is mainly derived from interest received from 
marketable securities, which amounted to TL 89,441,755 thousand (26% of the Group’s total interest income) 
in the nine months ended 30 September 2024, an increase of 58% compared to TL 56,435,594 thousand (37% 
of the Group’s total interest income) for the same period in the previous year. The Group’s CPI linker income 
increased to TL 53,450 million for the nine month period ended 30 September 2024 from TL 42,184 million for 
the nine month period ended 30 September 2023. The increase was primarily due to a rising income from CPI-
linked securities given the continued high inflation environment in Türkiye and accumulation of accruals. As 
of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s cumulative swap adjusted net interest margin decreased to 0.31%, which 
stood at 5.39% as of 31 December 2023 and 5.82% as of 30 September 2023 primarily due to ongoing pressure 
from macro-prudential measures on loan growth and increased deposit costs resulting from the high-rate 
environment and regulatory obligations. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s revenue margin (on a consolidated basis) decreased by 265 bps to 8.24%, 
as compared to 10.48% as of 31 December 2022. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income 
The Group’s net fees and commissions income for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 amounted to TL 
56,156,791 thousand, an increase of 131.80% from TL 24,226,043 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2023. The increase was driven by increased transactional activity supported by customer penetration. 
As of 30 September 2024, of the total net fees and commissions breakdown received by the Bank, 69% came 
from card payment systems (an increase of 288 % compared to 30 September 2023), which was primarily the 
result of  an increased number of transactions, 15% from lending-related activity (an increase of  12% compared 
to 30 September 2023), 5% from bancassurance (an increase of  72% compared to 30 September 2023), 7% 
from money transfers (an increase of  84% compared to 30 September 2023), and 4% from investment products 
(an increase of  51% compared to 30 September 2023). See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit 
Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for 
Commercial Customers 
Other Operating Income 
Other operating income for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 was TL 23,612,051 thousand, an increase 
of 83.34% from TL 12,879,161 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 due to higher collection 
performance and provision reversals. Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of 
provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, impacting the Group’s other operating income.  The 
comparative financial information for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 has been retrospectively 
restated for this change. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the nine months ended 30 September 
2024 amounted to TL 26,747,737 thousand, an increase of 38.10% from TL 19,368,113 thousand for the nine

--- Page 159 ---
140 
 
 
months ended 30 September 2023.  In the nine months ended 30 September 2024, the Group’s allowance for 
expected credit losses has decreased by 7% to TL 45,783,567 thousand. 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses 
on a gross basis, impacting the Group’s allowance for expected credit losses.   
In the nine months ended 30 September 2024, due to a prolonged tight monetary policy, there has been an 
expected normalization in asset quality and an increase in NPL inflows, through unsecured consumer loans 
(general purpose loans and credit cards). However, strong collection and recoveries were sustained on the 
corporate commercial side. The Bank’s ratio of Stage 2 loans to total loans decreased to 10.4% as of 30 
September 2024 from 12.2% as of 30 September 2023.  The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans decreased 
to 3.1% as of 30 September 2024 from 3.4% as of 30 September 2023.  In all, total provisions per gross loans 
amounted to 3.7% as of September 2024 and 5.2% as of 30 September 2023 compared to 5.9% as of 31 
December 2022 and 5.8% as of 30 September 2022. 
The net cost of risk improved to 0.47% (0.23% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the nine months 
ended 30 September 2024 compared to 1.31% (0.31% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the nine 
months ended 30 September 2023. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses (including personnel expenses) for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 were 
TL 57,096,431 thousand, a 77.34% increase from TL 32,196,740 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2023.  The increase for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 was above inflation due to 
continued investments in both business growth and human capital.  The increase in running costs (i.e., excluding 
investments in growth) remained below inflation. As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had 773 branches 
(including 703 retail branches, 15 private banking branches, 4 corporate branches and 45 commercial branches, 
3 mobile branches, 1 free zone branch, 1 custody branch and 1 branch abroad).  The total number of the Group’s 
employees decreased to 15,827 as of 30 September 2024, as compared to 16,537 as of 30 September 2023.  The 
main driver of the increase in the total number of employees in the head office (especially in the IT department) 
was the Bank’s continued trend towards digitalisation. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 
The Group’s net profit was TL 68,010,164 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of 29% 
compared to net profit of TL 52,745,301 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022.  The increase was 
primarily driven by strong fees and commissions performance as well as trading activities.  The Group’s cost-
to-income ratio was 31% for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to 20.4% for the year ended 31 
December 2022.  Costs grew slightly above average inflation on the back of continued investment in business 
growth, investments in human capital, the impact of inflation pass-through and earthquake-related costs.

--- Page 160 ---
141 
 
 
The table below summarises the Group’s summary consolidated statements of profit and loss for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the components of which are described in greater detail below: 
For the year ended 31 December 
2023 
2022 
% Change 
(TL thousands) 
Income Statement Data
 
 
 
Interest income.....................................................................................
232,944,677
133,298,907
74.75
Interest expense .................................................................................... 
(153,527,562) 
(54,040,436) 
184.10 
Net interest income ............................................................................. 
79,417,115 
79,258,471 
0.20 
Net fees and commissions income........................................................ 
38,160,316
15,740,654
142.43
Dividend income ..................................................................................
66,864
88,694
(24.61)
Trading profit/(loss) (net).....................................................................
21,288,402
10,201,691
108.68
Other operating income(1) ..................................................................... 
17,706,326 
10,258,437  
72.60 
Gross profit from operating activities(1) ........................................... 
156,639,023 
115,547,947  
35.56 
Allowance for expected credit losses(1) ................................................ 
(24,224,659)
(22,520,512)
7.57
Other operating expenses .....................................................................
(30,561,094)
(13,851,191)
120.64
Other provision expenses .....................................................................
(151,802)
(364,615)
(58.37)
Personnel expenses ............................................................................... 
(18,296,354) 
(9,853,390) 
85.69 
Net operating profit/(loss) .................................................................. 
83,405,114 
68,958,239 
20.95 
Profit/ Loss From Equity Method Applied Subsidiaries....................... 
1,623,787
235,529
589.42
Profit/(loss) before taxes from continuing operations
85,028,901
69,193,768
22.89
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing operations (±) ........... 
(17,018,737) 
(16,448,467) 
3.47 
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ....................................... 
68,010,164 
52,745,301 
28.94 
Minority shares..................................................................................... 
1,328
612
116.99
Group’s profit/loss .............................................................................. 
68,008,836 
52,744,689 
28.94 
(1) Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis.  
The comparative financial information for the period ending 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change.  
Accordingly, for the year ended 31 December 2022, income amounting to TL 6,517,358 related to the reversal of provisions, which 
was previously reported under the allowance for expected credit losses, has been classified under other operating income. 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2023 
2022 
(%) 
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity...................................................................
45.1
56.6
Return on assets.....................................................................................................................
4.5
5.4
Swap adjusted net interest margin.........................................................................................
5.4
9.1
Capital adequacy ratio(1)........................................................................................................
16.9
18.1
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2) ..............................................................................................
15.3
16.2
Cost-to-income ratio(3)...........................................................................................................
30.8
20.4
NPL ratio...............................................................................................................................
2.9
3.4
Cost to average total assets....................................................................................................
3.2
2.4
(1) The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot 
purchase exchange rates for 252 working days before calculation date.  The capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 19.1% and 19.9%, respectively 
(2) The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, 
as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s 
spot purchase exchange rates for 252 working days before calculation date.  The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 17.3% and 17.9%, 
respectively.  The Group estimates that its Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio as at 31 December 2023 would have worsened by 
approximately 150 bps if the redemption of the U.S.$650 million in aggregate outstanding principal amount of its Perpetual Fixed 
Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Notes had occurred on 31 December 2023. 
(3) Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis.  
The comparative financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. 
Net Interest Income and Swap Adjusted Net Interest Margin 
The Group’s net interest income remained stable, increasing by 0.2% to TL 79,417,115 thousand for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 from TL 79,258,471 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022.  Net interest 
income remained stable for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022, 
supported by both CPI-linked securities income contribution and interest income from TL performing loans 
despite an increase in TL funding costs.  Interest income increased by 74.8% in the year ended 31 December

--- Page 161 ---
142 
 
 
2023 as compared against the year ended 31 December 2022, but was offset by an increase in interest expense 
of 184% due to the increasing interest rate environment.  Interest income from performing loans increased by 
91.8%, due to a 100% increase in interest income from TL performing loans.  Interest income from marketable 
securities increased by 45.1%, compared to 31 December 2022, mainly arising from income from CPI-linked 
securities.  The Group’s interest expense increased by 184% in the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared 
to the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily driven by a 277% increase in interest expense on Turkish Lira 
deposits (which constitute 75.8% of the Group’s interest expense). 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest on loans, which amounted to TL 132,052,261 
thousand (56.7% of total interest income) for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of 91.0% compared 
to TL 69,141,269 thousand (51.9% of total interest income) for the previous year.  The Bank has been 
proactively reducing its portfolio of long-term loans since the beginning of 2022, resulting in the duration gap 
between TL loans and deposits decreasing significantly and increasing the Bank’s ability to reprice its loans to 
market rates in the short-term.  The Group’s remaining interest income is mainly derived from interest received 
from marketable securities, which amounted to TL 84,363,783 thousand (36.2% of the Group’s total interest 
income) in the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of 45.1% compared to TL 58,125,296 thousand 
(43.6% of the Group’s total interest income) for the previous year.  As of 31 December 2023, the Bank’s 
cumulative swap adjusted net interest margin (net interest income divided by average interest earning assets, 
Bank-only) decreased to 5.39%, which stood at 9.10% as of 31 December 2022 primarily due to increased 
deposit costs and lower CPI linker income contribution. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s revenue margin (on a consolidated basis) decreased by 265 bps to 8.17%, 
as compared to 10.81% as of 31 December 2022. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income 
The Group’s net fees and commissions income for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to TL 
38,160,316 thousand, an increase of 142.43% from TL 15,740,654 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2022.  The increase was across the board and mainly driven by increases in payment systems driven by higher 
numbers of transactions and economic activity, also supported by an increase in lending-related and money 
transfer fees. 
As of 31 December 2023, of the total net fees and commissions breakdown received by the Bank, 53% came 
from card payment systems (an increase of 174% compared to 31 December 2022), which was primarily the 
result of an increased number of transactions, 29% from lending-related activity (an increase of 129% compared 
to 31 December 2022), 6% from bancassurance (an increase of 89% compared to 31 December 2022), 7% from 
money transfers (an increase of 112% compared to 31 December 2022), 5% from investment products (an 
increase of 103% compared to 31 December 2022).  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit 
Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for 
Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income 
Other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2023 was TL 17,706,326 thousand, an increase of 
72.60% from TL 10,258,437 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022.  Starting from 1 January 2023, 
the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, impacting the 
Group’s other operating income.  The comparative financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 
has been retrospectively restated for this change. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the year ended 31 December 2023 
amounted to TL 24,376,461 thousand, an increase of 6.52% from TL 22,885,127 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2022.  In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s allowance for expected credit losses has 
increased by 7.57% to TL 24,224,659 thousand.  However, through limited NPL inflows and strong collection 
performance, management expects unsecured retail lending to reach approximately ~100bps annualized cost of 
risk.

--- Page 162 ---
143 
 
 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses 
on a gross basis, impacting the Group’s allowance for expected credit losses.  The comparative financial 
information for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. 
In 2023, due to strong collection performance, asset quality continued to improve.  Accordingly, the Bank’s 
ratio of Stage 2 loans to total loans decreased to 11.4% as of 31 December 2023 from 13.2% as of 31 December 
2022.  Meanwhile, due to the migration of one large loan in Stage 3, that had been previously classified under 
Stage 2 and highly covered, coverage decreased to 14.8% as of 31 December 2023 from 19.2% as of 31 
December 2022.  The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans improved to 3.0% as of 31 December 2023 
compared to 31 December 2022.  In all, with 0.7% coverage in Stage 1 loans, total provisions per gross loans 
amounted to 4.4% as of 31 December 2023 compared to 5.9% as of 31 December 2022. 
The net cost of risk decreased to 1.10% (0.15% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the year ended 31 
December 2023 compared to 2.55% (1.60% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in 2022. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses (including personnel expenses) for the year ended 31 December 2023 were TL 
48,857,448 thousand, an increase of 106.11% from TL 23,704,581 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2022.  The increase for the year ended 31 December 2023 was above inflation due to continued investments in 
both business growth and human capital.  As of 31 December 2023, the Bank had 780 branches (including 711 
retail branches, 15 private banking branches, four corporate branches and 44 commercial branches, three mobile 
branches, one free zone branch, one custody branch and one branch abroad).  The total number of employees of 
the Group decreased to 15,954 as of 31 December 2023, as compared to 16,339 as of 31 December 2022.  The 
driver of the decrease in the total number of employees were mainly retirements.  This decline is in line with 
the adjustments made parallel to the 2024 budget and aligns with the Bank’s strategic focus on reorganisation 
opportunities. 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses 
on a gross basis, impacting the Group’s operating revenues continuing and operating expenses continuing.  The 
comparative financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated for 
this change. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 
The Group’s net profit was TL 52,745,301 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 403% 
compared to net profit of TL 10,490,016 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021.  The increase was 
primarily driven by strategic asset liability management in an environment with improved net interest income 
as well as strong fee generation and trading activities, as well as a significant contribution from CPI-linked 
income in 2022 given the inflationary environment.  The Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 21.7% for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 compared to 31.0% for the year ended 31 December 2021.  Costs increased by 117% 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the year ended 31 December 2021, due to continued 
investment in business growth, investments in human capital and depreciation, as well as increasing inflation.  
In that same period, the Bank maintained conservative provisioning despite limited net NPL inflows (adjusted 
for collections and expected credit loss hedging).  Net cost of risk increased to 147 bps (and 287 bps in the 
fourth quarter of 2022).

--- Page 163 ---
144 
 
 
The table below summarises the Group’s summary consolidated statements of profit and loss for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the components of which are described in greater detail below: 
For the year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
% Change 
(TL thousands) 
Income Statement Data
Interest income.....................................................................................
133,298,907
54,084,352
146
Interest expense .................................................................................... 
(54,040,436) 
(30,348,799) 
78 
Net interest income ............................................................................. 
79,258,471 
23,735,553 
234 
Net fees and commissions income........................................................ 
15,740,654
8,045,770
96
Dividend income ..................................................................................
88,694
17,251
414
Trading profit/(loss) (net).....................................................................
10,201,691
895,375
1,039
Other operating income(1) ..................................................................... 
10,258,437 
2,316,538 
343 
Gross profit from operating activities(1) ........................................... 
115,547,947 
35,010,487 
230 
Allowance for expected credit losses(1) ................................................ 
(22,520,512)
(10,198,148)
121
Other operating expenses .....................................................................
(13,851,191)
(6,140,696)
126
Other provision expenses .....................................................................
(364,615)
(112,179)
225
Personnel expenses ............................................................................... 
(9,853,390) 
(4,804,319) 
105 
Net operating profit/(loss) .................................................................. 
68,958,239 
13,755,145 
401 
Profit/ Loss From Equity Method Applied Subsidiaries ................... 
235,529
138,629
70
 Profit/(loss) before taxes from continuing operations .................. 
69,193,768
13,893,774
398
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing operations (±) ........... 
(16,448,467) 
(3,403,758) 
383 
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ....................................... 
52,745,301 
10,490,016 
403 
Minority shares..................................................................................... 
612
258
137
Group’s profit/loss .............................................................................. 
52,744,689 
10,489,758 
403 
________________ 
Note: 
(1) Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. 
Financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. Financial information 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 has not been retrospectively restated for this change. 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2022 
2021 
(%) 
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity...................................................................
56.6
19.6
Return on assets.....................................................................................................................
5.4
1.7
Swap adjusted net interest margin.........................................................................................
9.1
3.2
Capital adequacy ratio(1)........................................................................................................
18.1
15.0
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2...............................................................................................
16.2
12.6
Cost-to-income ratio..............................................................................................................
21.7
31.0
NPL ratio...............................................................................................................................
3.4
4.6
Cost to average total assets....................................................................................................
2.4
1.7
_______________ 
Note:  The measures presented in the table above are defined under and should be read in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial 
and Other Information—Alternative Performance Measures” in the Base Prospectus.  Key ratios related to profit and loss items are 
compared on an annual basis. 
(1) The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot 
purchase exchange rates for 252 working days before calculation date.  The capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 19.9% and 17.6%, respectively. 
(2) The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances.  In accordance with BRSA rules, 
as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s 
spot purchase exchange rates for 252 working days before calculation date.  The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 17.9% and 14.9%, 
respectively. 
Net Interest Income and Swap Adjusted Net Interest Margin 
The Group’s net interest income increased by 233.92% to TL 79,258,471 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2022 from TL 23,735,553 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021.  Net interest income 
increased despite relatively lower interest rate environment for most of 2022.  Interest income increased by 
146% from the year ended 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2022, partially offset by a significant increase

--- Page 164 ---
145 
 
 
in interest expense of 78%.  Interest income from performing loans increased by 84% in that same period, with 
the support of a 92% increase in interest income from TL performing loans due to the increase in the volume 
via the small ticket focus and ongoing effective asset liability management.  On the other hand, a 340% increase 
between the year ended 31 December 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2022 in interest income from 
marketable securities mainly arising from income from CPI-linked securities also supported interest income 
generation.  The Group’s interest expense increased by 78% in the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared 
to the year ended 31 December 2021, primarily driven by a 111% increase in interest expense on Turkish Lira 
deposits (which constitute 57% of the Group’s interest expense). 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest from marketable securities, which amounted to 
TL 58,125,296 thousand (43.6% of total interest income) for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 
340% compared to TL 13,207,832 thousand (24.4% of total interest income) for the previous year.  The increase 
was primarily due to the Group’s CPI-linked income, which increased to TL 49,701 million for the year ended 
31 December 2022 from TL 9,847 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 due to higher overall inflation 
rates from a low base in 2021.  The Group’s remaining interest income mainly derives from interest received 
from loans, which amounted to TL 69,141,269 thousand (51.9% of the Group’s total interest income) in the 
year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 84% compared to TL 37,589,124 thousand (69.5% of the Group’s 
total interest income) for the previous year.  As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s cumulative swap adjusted net 
interest margin (net interest income divided by average interest earning assets, Bank only) was 9.10%, which 
increased from 3.17% as of 31 December 2021 primarily due to an increase in loan yields on the back of core 
banking activities as well as the increase in the CPI-linked valuation of 85.5% as of 31 December 2022 
compared to 19.89% as of 31 December 2021.  The Bank expects swap adjusted net interest margin to realise 
above 5% (including impact from CPI-linkers) in 2023. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s revenue margin increased by 579 bps to 10.48%, as compared to 4.69% 
as of 31 December 2021. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income 
The Group’s net fees and commissions income for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to TL 
15,740,654 thousand, an increase of 95.64% from TL 8,045,770 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
This increase was mainly driven by increases in payment systems driven by higher numbers of transactions and 
economic activity, also supported by increase in lending-related and money transfer fees. 
As of 31 December 2022, of the total net fees and commissions received by the Bank, 47% came from card 
payment systems (an increase of 107% compared to 31 December 2021), which was primarily the result of 
increasing transactional activity, 31% from lending-related activity (an increase of 81% compared to 31 
December 2021), 8% from bancassurance (an increase of 46% compared to 31 December 2021), 8% from 
money transfers (an increase of 114% compared to 31 December 2021), 5% from investment products (an 
increase of 113% compared to 31 December 2021).  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit 
Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for 
Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income 
Other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2022 was TL 3,741,079 thousand, an increase of 
61.49% from TL 2,316,538 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 
amounted to TL 16,367,769 thousand, an increase of 58.75% from TL 10,310,327 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2021.  The Group’s allowance for expected credit losses has increased by 56.9% during the year 
ended 31 December 2022 to TL 16,003,154 thousand mainly due to the Group’s continuous prudent approach 
in overall loan classification and provisioning.  Management expects net cost of risk to realise at below 150 bps 
in 2023. 
In 2022, the Bank took significant measures on asset quality, both in terms of classification of loans and 
coverage.  Accordingly, the Bank’s Stage 2 loan coverage increased to 19.2% as of 31 December 2022 from 
18.8% as of 31 December 2021.  Meanwhile, the Bank’s share of Stage 2 loans decreased to 13.2% from 16.3%

--- Page 165 ---
146 
 
 
as of the same periods.  The main driver of the decrease in the ratio of Stage 2 loans was due to denominator 
impact, supported by strong growth.  The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans decreased to 3.4% as of 
31 December 2022 from 4.6% as of 31 December 2021 mainly due to the write-off of 100% provisioned 
receivables amounting to TL 3,109 million and TL 1,672 million NPL sales as well as strong growth in the year 
and the impact of currency devaluation on increase in total loans.  In all, with 0.9% coverage in Stage 1 loans, 
total provisions per gross loans amounted to 5.9% as of 31 December 2022 compared to 7.2% as of 31 December 
2021. 
The net cost of risk increased to 2.34% (1.47% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the year ended 31 
December 2022 compared to 2.14% (0.87% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in 2021. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses (including personnel expenses) for the year ended 31 December 2022 were TL 
23,704,581 thousand, an increase of 116.58% from TL 10,945,015 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2021.  The increase for the year ended 31 December 2022 was above inflation primarily due to continued 
investment in business growth, despite an overall cautious approach on cost growth.  As of 31 December 2022, 
the Bank had 801 branches (including 734 retail branches, 15 private banking branches, four corporate branches 
and 42 commercial branches, three mobile branches, one free zone branch, one custody branch and one branch 
abroad).  The total number of employees of the Group increased to 16,339 as of 31 December 2022, as compared 
to 16,313 as of 31 December 2021. 
Analysis by Segment 
Since August 2021, the Group carries out its banking operations through three main business units:  (a) retail 
banking (including credit cards, individual banking), (b) corporate banking, and (c) commercial and SME 
banking.  The Group also has other foreign and other domestic operations. 
Prior to August 2021 the Group’s corporate banking unit and its commercial and SME banking unit were 
operated as a single operating segment within the Group.  They were separated in August 2021 with the 
appointment of Muharrem Kaan Şakul as Assistant General Manager for Corporate Banking and Akif Cahit 
Erdoğan appointed as Assistant General Manager for Commercial and SME Banking Management.

--- Page 166 ---
147 
 
 
The following tables set forth certain data for the Group’s segments for the nine month periods ended 30 September 2024 and 2023, and the years ended 31 December 
2023, 2022, and 2021: 
Nine month period ended 30 September 2024 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
Operating revenue continuing ................
60,435,362
10,322,046
38,909,584
3,903,014
10,211,613
(15,866,659)
(160,785)
60,435,362
Operating expenses continuing ..............
(35,238,906) 
1,821,650 
(5,893,541) 
(1,072,625) 
(2,380,748) 
(41,240,783) 
160,785 
(35,238,906) 
Net operating income continuing ........
25,196,456 
12,143,696 
33,016,043 
2,830,389 
7,830,865 
(57,107,442) 
- 
25,196,456 
Dividend income(2).................................
-
-
-
-
-
106,216
-
-
Income/loss from investments accounted 
based on equity method.......................
-
-
-
-
-
1,152,667
-
-
Profit before tax ...................................
25,196,456 
12,143,696 
33,016,043 
2,830,389 
7,830,865 
(55,848,559) 
- 
25,196,456 
Tax expense(2) ........................................
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(2,761,878) 
- 
- 
Net period income from continuing 
operations ..........................................
25,196,456 
12,143,696 
33,016,043 
2,830,389 
7,830,865 
(58,610,437) 
- 
25,196,456 
Minority interest (-)................................
-
-
-
-
-
(1,598)
-
-
Net period income from discontinued 
operations............................................
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Group income/loss................................
25,196,456
12,143,696
33,016,043
2,830,389
7,830,865
(58,612,035)
-
25,196,456
_______________ 
(1) Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”.

--- Page 167 ---
148 
 
 
Nine month period ended 30 September 2023 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
Operating revenue continuing ................
38,817,278 
9,101,997 
30,620,539 
2,162,449 
6,435,321 
28,103,664 
(94,351)
115,146,897 
Operating expenses continuing ..............
(17,253,823) 
(6,587,702) 
(3,570,064) 
(613,539) 
(1,269,255) 
(22,364,821) 
94,351 
(51,564,853) 
Net operating income continuing ........
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
5,738,843 
— 
63,582,044 
Dividend income(2).................................
—
—
—
—
—
61,510
—
61,510
Income/loss from investments accounted 
based on equity method.......................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
879,572 
— 
879,572 
Profit before tax ...................................
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
6,679,925 
— 
64,523,126  
Tax expense(2) ........................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(15,819,934) 
— 
(15,819,934) 
Net period income from continuing 
operations ..........................................
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
(9,140,009) 
— 
48,703,192 
Minority interest (-)................................
—
—
—
—
—
(988)
—
(988)
Net period income from discontinued 
operations............................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss................................
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
(9,140,997)
—
48,702,204
_______________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”.

--- Page 168 ---
149 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2023 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
(TL, thousands) 
Operating revenue continuing ................
58,498,456 
12,586,936 
42,970,047 
3,212,925 
8,820,138 
30,621,739
(138,082)
156,572,159
Operating expenses continuing ..............
(26,116,281) 
(5,583,817) 
(7,048,449) 
(968,739) 
(2,052,751) 
(31,601,954) 
138,082
(73,233,909) 
Net operating income continuing ........
32,382,175 
35,921,598 
35,921,598 
2,244,186 
6,767,387 
(980,215)) 
— 
83,338,250
Dividend income(2).................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
66,864
—
66,864
Income/loss from investments accounted 
based on equity method.......................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,623,787
— 
1,623,787
Profit before tax ...................................
32,382,175 
7,003,119 
35,921,598 
2,244,186 
6,767,387 
710,436
— 
85,028,901
Tax expense(2) ........................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(17,018,737)
— 
(17,018,737) 
Net period income from continuing 
operations ..........................................
32,382,175 
7,003,119 
35,921,598 
2,244,186 
6,767,387 
(16,308,301) 
— 
68,010,164
Minority interest (-)................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(1,328) 
—
(1,328)
Net period income from discontinued 
operations............................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss................................
32,382,175 
7,003,119 
35,921,598 
2,244,186 
6,767,387 
(16,309,629)
—
68,008,836
_______________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”.

--- Page 169 ---
150 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2022 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
(TL, thousands) 
Operating revenue continuing ................
20,936,911
6,562,696 
18,276,595 
1,450,116 
3,963,319 
57,790,941 
(38,683)
108,941,895
Operating expenses continuing ..............
(15,442,780) 
(4,982,023) 
(7,397,186) 
(542,401) 
(1,162,091) 
(10,584,552) 
38,683 
(40,072,350) 
Net operating income continuing ........
5,494,131 
1,580,673 
10,879,409 
907,715 
2,801,228 
47,206,389 
— 
68,869,545 
Dividend income(2).................................
—
—
—
—
—
88,694
—
88,694
Income/loss from investments accounted 
based on equity method.......................
—
—
—
—
—
235,529
—
235,529
Profit before tax ...................................
5,494,131 
1,580,673 
10,879,409 
907,715 
2,801,228 
47,530,612 
— 
69,193,768 
Tax expense(2) ........................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(16,448,467) 
— 
(16,448,467) 
Net period income from continuing 
operations ..........................................
5,494,131 
1,580,673 
10,879,409 
907,715 
2,801,228 
31,082,145 
— 
52,745,301 
Minority interest (-)................................
—
—
—
—
—
(612)
—
(612)
Net period income from discontinued 
operations............................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss................................
5,494,131 
1,580,673 
10,879,409
907,715 
2,801,228 
31,081,533
—
52,744,689
_______________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”.

--- Page 170 ---
151 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
(TL, thousands) 
Operating revenue continuing ................
9,800,572
2,987,865
7,186,192
623,469
2,131,275
12,272,579
(8,716)
34,993,236
Operating expenses continuing ..............
(7,353,332) 
3,219,209) 
(4,673,253) 
(308,045) 
(898,152) 
(4,812,067) 
8,716 
(21,255,342) 
Net operating income continuing ........
2,447,240 
(231,344) 
2,512,939 
315,424 
1,233,123 
7,460,512 
— 
13,737,894 
Dividend income(2).................................
—
—
—
—
—
17,251
—
17,251
Income/loss from investments accounted 
based on equity method.......................
—
—
—
—
—
138,629
—
138,629
Profit before tax ...................................
2,447,240 
(231,344) 
2,512,939 
315,424 
1,233,123 
7,616,392 
— 
13,893,774 
Tax expense(2) ........................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(3,403,758) 
— 
(3,403,758) 
Net period income from continuing 
operations ..........................................
2,447,240 
(231,344) 
2,512,939 
315,424 
1,233,123 
4,212,634 
— 
10,490,016 
Minority interest (-)................................
—
—
—
—
—
(258)
—
(258)
Net period income from discontinued 
operations............................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss................................
2,447,240
(231,344)
2,512,939
315,424
1,233,123
4,212,376
—
10,489,758
_______________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”.

--- Page 171 ---
152
 
 
Retail Banking 
Retail banking products and services offered to customers include credit cards, consumer loans (including 
general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), SME loans, time and demand deposits, investment accounts, 
life and non-life insurance products and payroll services.  Credit card operations cover the management of 
products and services for member merchants as well as the sales and marketing operations for a variety of 
customer types.  Operating profit for the retail banking segment calculated in accordance with TFRS 9 increased 
to TL 25,196,456 thousand or by 16.85% for nine months ended 30 September 2024, from TL 21,563,455 
thousand for the same period in 2023.  The increase resulted primarily from growing in consumer segment in-
line with the Bank’s strategy to focus on small ticket loan products and proactive asset liability management.  
Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 32,382,175 thousand or by 489.40% for the year ended 31 
December 2023, from TL 5,494,131 thousand for the same period in 2022. Operating profit for the segment 
increased to TL 2,447,240 thousand (U.S.$188,576 thousand) or by 113% for the year ended 31 December 
2021, from TL 1,147,429 thousand for the same period in 2020. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
Through its private banking activities as a unit within the Bank’s retail banking segment, the Bank serves high 
net worth customers and delivers investment products to these customers.  Among the products and services 
offered to private banking customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products such as 
forwards, futures and options in domestic & international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and 
equity trading, pension plans, insurance products and 24/7 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services.  Also, 
personal advisory services (art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) are offered within the 
private banking and wealth management activities.  Customers are also provided with investment advisory and 
portfolio management services through the Group’s portfolio management and brokerage subsidiaries. 
The Group also previously provided pension plans and insurance products, but completed a transaction to sell 
this business to Allianz in 2014.  See “Business of the Bank—Associates—Yapı Kredi Insurance (Yapı Kredi 
Sigorta) and Yapı Kredi Pension (Yapı Kredi Emeklilik)”. 
Operating profit for the private banking unit decreased to TL 3,849,000 thousand (U.S.$120,065 thousand) for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2024, from TL 5,688,000 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2023.  Operating profit for the unit increased to TL 7,526,000 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2023, from TL 2,203,000 thousand (U.S.$128,500 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
from TL 544,511 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021. Operating profit for the unit increased to TL 
544,511 thousand (U.S.$61,579 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2021, from TL 491,205 thousand 
for the year ended 31 December 2020.  The increase across all periods was driven primarily by the Bank’s asset 
focus and asset allocation approach, as well as by intensified communication efforts both with customers and 
with the sales team. 
Corporate Banking 
The corporate banking segment is organised for large-scale, international and multi-national companies.  The 
corporate banking segment provides a full range of corporate banking products and services including, but not 
limited to, cash management, investment loans, trade finance, merge and acquisition, financial advisory and 
project finance. 
Net operating income for the corporate banking segment increased to TL 12,143,696 thousand for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024 from TL 2,514,295 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2023. 
Commercial and SME Banking 
The commercial and SME banking segment is organised into two subgroups:  commercial banking for large-
scale and medium-sized enterprises and SME banking for small and medium-sized enterprises.  The primary 
business lines in the Commercial and SME banking segment are working capital, financing, foreign trade 
finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as letters of credit 
and guarantees, cash management and e-banking services to mid-size and large commercial clients. 
Net operating income for the commercial and SME banking segment increased to TL 33,016,043 thousand for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2024 from TL 27,050,475 thousand for the nine months ended 30

--- Page 172 ---
153
 
 
September 2023.  Non-interest income has increased by 64% for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 
compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2023.  Cash loan volume increased by 71% for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2023 mainly driven by the 
increase in foreign currency cash loans. 
In December 2016, the Turkish government announced that the Undersecretariat of Treasury would provide a 
guarantee for SME loans up to an aggregate amount of TL 250 billion under the Credit Guarantee Fund (“CGF”) 
programme, which aimed to boost economic growth, support high potential companies that have difficulty 
accessing funding due to collateralisation constraints and help Turkish banks to grow by allowing 0% risk 
weight to be applied to the guaranteed portion of these loans.  The CGF can provide guarantees from 80% to 
100% of the sum of interest, dividend and rent payments except for the default interest and principal balance on 
the date of loan payment for both SMEs and non-SMEs.  See “Business of the Bank—Commercial and SME 
Banking” for additional information on the CGF programme, including information on the changes to the 
programme in order to address the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.  CGF loans have been a 
significant driver of loan growth, particularly during periods of weaker demand and challenging economic 
conditions. 
Foreign Operations 
Foreign operations include the Group’s banking operations in the Netherlands and Azerbaijan.  Operating profit 
for the foreign operations segment increased to TL 2,830,389 thousand (U.S.$ 87,819 thousand) for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024, from TL 1,548,910 thousand (U.S.$69,806 thousand) for the nine months 
ended 30 September 2023.  Operating profit for the segment amounted to TL 2,244,186 thousand (U.S.$94,382 
thousand) thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to TL 907,715 thousand (U.S.$48,545 
thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to TL 315,424 thousand (U.S.$35,618 thousand) for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Other Domestic Operations 
Other operations mainly consist of treasury transactions of supporting business units, insurance operations and 
other unallocated transactions, including the effect of free capital.  Operating profit for the other domestic 
operations segment increased to TL 7,830,865 thousand (U.S.$ 242,969 thousand) for the nine months ended 
30 September 2024, from TL 5,166,066 thousand (U.S.$232,824 thousand) for the nine months ended 30 
September 2023, largely as a result of an increase in the interest income generation of domestic subsidiaries.  
Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 6,767,387 thousand (U.S.$ 284,611 thousand) for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 from TL 2,801,228 thousand (U.S.$215,853 thousand) for the year ended 31 
December 2022, from TL 1,233,123 thousand (U.S.$139,246 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 1,233,123 thousand (U.S.$139,246 thousand) for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, from TL 814,705 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 173 ---
154
 
 
Treasury, Asset-Liability Management and Other 
The Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other segment mainly consists of treasury and asset liability 
management activities of the Group.  Operating profit for the treasury, asset liability management and other 
segment decreased] by 541.20% to TL (58,612,035) thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, 
from TL (9,140,997) thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2023.  Operating profit for the segment 
decreased to TL (16,309,629) thousand (U.S.$ (685,923) thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2023, from 
TL 31,081,533 thousand (U.S.$1,877,857 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2022, from TL 4,212,376 
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021. Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 4,212,376 
thousand (U.S.$475,666 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2021, from TL 415,071 thousand for the 
year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial Condition 
The table below sets forth the components of the Group’s summary consolidated balance sheet data as of 30 
September 2024 and 31 December 2023: 
30 September 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(TL thousands) 
Balance Sheet Data
 
Cash and balances with Central Bank ...................................................................................
407,805,409
279,039,489
Banks.....................................................................................................................................
70,746,689
56,822,176
Loans.....................................................................................................................................
1,264,612,955
947,552,677
Receivables From Leasing Transactions (Net)......................................................................
39,836,962
32,451,026
Factoring Receivables ...........................................................................................................
15,555,333
12,801,773
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ...............................................................
3,344,600
2,277,485
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income......................................
119,767,596
97,017,989
Financial assets measured at amortised cost..........................................................................
381,431,770
318,113,094
Others ....................................................................................................................................  
186,613,649 
117,297,691 
Total assets ...........................................................................................................................  
2,489,714,963 
1,863,373,400 
Deposits.................................................................................................................................
1,369,722,400
1,108,885,676
Borrowings............................................................................................................................
244,996,321
161,034,843
Others....................................................................................................................................
684,016,309
414,571,888
Shareholders’ equity ...........................................................................................................  
190,979,933 
178,880,993 
Total Liabilities and shareholders’ equity .........................................................................  
2,489,714,963 
1,863,373,400 
Total Assets 
The Group had total assets of TL 2,489,714,963 thousand as of 30 September 2024, an increase of 33.61% as 
compared to 31 December 2023. The largest share of the increase in total assets in the nine months ended 30 
September 2024 came from loans, which increased by 32.96% to TL 1,320,005,250 as of 30 September 2024 
from TL 992,805,476 thousand as of 31 December 2023, mainly due to the 26.44% increase in TL loans in line 
with the Bank’s TL and small-ticket volume growth strategy. Additionally, a large portion of the increase came 
from securities, which increased by 20.88% to TL 504,543,966 thousand as of 30 September 2024 from TL 
417,408,568 thousand as of 31 December 2023.] Loans and receivables comprised 53.02% of total assets as of 
30 September 2024, as compared to 53.28% as of 31 December 2023. Foreign exchange loans increased in U.S. 
dollar terms. Performing loans increased by 32.77% as compared to 31 December 2023. As of 30 September 
2024, the breakdown of total loans by sector was as follows: 42% from retail (compared to 43% as of 31 
December 2023), 2% from financial institutions (compared to 4% as of 31 December 2023), 13% from export 
related loans (compared to 12% as of 31 December 2023), 26% from business loans (compared to 26% as of 31 
December 2023) and 17% from other loans and receivables (compared to 16% as of 31 December 2023). 
The Bank’s intra-group cash exposure in total cash loans as of 30 September 2024 was 12.3% of the total capital 
base (as compared to the maximum regulatory limit of 20%).  In addition, the top 20 loans accounted for 11.1% 
of the total loan book. 
The percentage of non-performing loans to gross loans increased to 3.02% as of 30 September 2024 from 2.88% 
as of 31 December 2023.  The specific coverage on non-performing loans without considering collateral 
decreased to 59.75% as of 30 September 2024 versus its level at 68.97% on 31 December 2023.  If generic 
provisions for cash loans were also included, total coverage on non-performing loans would have been at 
114.50% as of 30 September 2024, as compared to 144.52% as of 31 December 2023.  The Group’s net cost of

--- Page 174 ---
155
 
 
risk increased to 0.23% as of 30 September 2024 if the foreign exchange impact is excluded, from 0.14% as of 
31 December 2023, primarily driven by the increase in NPL inflows through unsecured consumer loans (general 
purpose loans and credit cards). That being said, strong collection and recovery performance has been sustained 
on the company side alongside prudency in provisioning.  
The Group’s total securities (comprising financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost) increased by 
20.88% to TL 504,543,966 thousand as of 30 September 2024 from TL 417,408,568 thousand as of 
31 December 2023, primarily due to an increase in government debt securities under financial assets measured 
at amortised cost.  The mix of securities was approximately 32.2% foreign currency (majority fixed rate) and 
67.8% Turkish Lira of which approximately 33.1% were fixed rate, 10.1% were floating rate and 56.8% were 
CPI-linked securities.  The percentage of securities in total assets decreased to 20.3% as of 30 September 2024 
from 22.4% as of 31 December 2023. 
The Group uses an internal managerial metric, Value at Risk (“VaR”), to simulate its potential economic loss.  
VaR represents potential loss of certain items on the balance sheet in value over one day for a 99% confidence 
interval.  VaR metrics are in line with approved limits.   
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
On the liability side, deposits increased by 23.52% to TL 1,369,722,400 thousand as of 30 September 2024 from 
TL 1,108,885,676 thousand as of 31 December 2023, and constituted 55% of the Group’s total liabilities as of 
30 September 2024 (compared to 60% as of 31 December 2023).  During the nine months ended 30 September 
2024, the Group’s TL denominated deposits grew at a higher rate than its USD denominated deposits in line 
with sector evolution. The Group’s growth in deposits was higher than average for private Turkish banks as a 
result of its asset liability management strategy. The Group’s focus on relatively less costly small ticket retail 
and demand deposits continued in 2024.  The funding base was supported by successful capital markets 
issuances including the issuance of U.S.$650 million Additional Tier 1 Capital (“AT1”) notes in January 2019 
and an issuance of U.S.$500 million senior secured notes in March 2019.  The share of demand deposits in total 
deposits was 42.41% as of 30 September 2023.  The Group issued floating-rate Tier 2 notes to qualified 
investors in Türkiye in July 2019 with a transaction size of TL 500 million and a subordinated Tier-2 debt of 
TL 300 million in October 2019.  Additionally, the Group successfully completed a 144A/Reg S, 10NC5 Basel 
III complaint Tier-2 deal with a coupon rate of 7.875% in January 2021, replacing the subordinated debt issued 
in March 2016 that was announced to be called by the Group with the announcement of the issuance.  The loans 
to deposits ratio (including TL securities) decreased to 88.7% as of 30 September 2024, as compared to 82.2% 
as of 31 December 2023. 
Borrowings (including loans received/funds borrowed, subordinated debt and marketable securities issued) 
increased by 41.57% to TL 518,285,187 thousand as of 30 September 2024 from TL 366,087,981 thousand as 
of 31 December 2023.  The composition of borrowings as of 30 September 2024 was as follows:  18.05% from 
securitisations, 11.44% from syndications, 11.32% from subordinated debt, 23.36% from bonds and bills 
(including loan participation notes) and 35.90% from other funding sources, including foreign trade related 
borrowings and borrowings of subsidiaries. 
The Group’s shareholders’ equity increased by 6.76% to TL 190,979,933 thousand as of 30 September 2024 
from TL 162,232,676 thousand as of 31 December 2023, mainly as a result of a slight increase in net profits.  
According to BRSA consolidated figures, the Group had a reported capital adequacy ratio of 16.7% as of 30 
September 2024 (or 14.8% without Temporary Forbearances) as compared to 19.1% as of 31 December 2023 
(or 16.9% without Temporary Forbearances). 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments 
The Group’s total off-balance sheet commitments including guarantees and warranties, commitments and 
derivative instruments increased by 38.94% to TL 3,702,417,210 thousand as of 30 September 2024, from TL 
2,664,843,397 thousand as of 31 December 2023.  The increase in total off-balance sheet commitments in the 
nine months ended 30 September 2024 was primarily due to the increase in commitments of 78.66% to TL 
1,546,512,623 thousand as of 30 September 2024 from TL 865,614,639 thousand as of 31 December 2023.

--- Page 175 ---
156
 
 
Segment Results 
The following tables set forth certain income statement data for the Group’s operating segments for each of the 
nine months ended 30 September 2024 and 30 September 2023: 
30 September 2024
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other 
Foreign 
Operations 
Other 
Domestic 
Operations 
Other(1) 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(2
) 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Operating revenue continuing 
60.435.362
10.322.046
38.909.584
3.903.014
10.211.613
(15.866.65
9)
(160.785)
107.754.175
Operating expenses continuing
..........................................
(35.238.906)
1.821.650
(5.893.541)
(1.072.625)
(2.380.748)
(41.240.78
3)
160.785
(83.844.168)
Segment result .....................  
25.196.456
12.143.696
33.016.043
2.830.389
7.830.865
(57.107.44
2)
-
23.910.007
(1) 
“Other” represents Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other. 
(2) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in the New Financial Statements. 
30 September 2023
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other 
Foreign 
Operations 
Other 
Domestic 
Operations 
Other(1) 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(2)
Total 
(TL thousands)
Operating 
revenue 
continuing.........................
38,817,278
9,101,997
30,620,539
2,162,449
6,435,321
28,103,664
(94,351)
115,146,897
Operating 
expenses 
continuing ......................... (17,253,823) (6,587,702) 
(3,570,064) 
(613,539) 
(1,269,255) 
(22,364,821
) 
94,351 
(51,564,853) 
Segment result .................... 21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
5,738,843 
— 
63,582,044 
_____________________ 
(1) 
“Other” represents Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other. 
(2) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in the New Financial Statements. 
Cash and Balances with the Central Bank 
Cash and balances with the Central Bank represent a relatively small percentage of the Group’s total assets, 
making up 16.38%, 14.97%, 12.91% and 15.34% as of 30 September 2024 and as of 31 December 2023, 2022 
and 2021 respectively.  The increase in cash and balances with the Central Bank was primarily due to an increase 
in reserve deposits at central banks driven by an increased rate of reserve requirements of the Central Bank and 
the volume growth of the Bank. 
Loans and other receivables 
Loans and other receivables represent the largest component of the Group’s assets.  As of 30 September 2024, 
loans and other receivables amounted to TL 1,320,005,250 thousand, which represented 53.02% of the Group’s 
total assets, compared to TL 992,805,476 thousand, which represented 53.28% of the Group’s total assets as of 
31 December 2023, TL 623,788,169 thousand, which represented 52.67% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 
December 2022, TL 413,658,293 thousand, which represented 52.98% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 
December 2021. 
The Group provides financing for various purposes, the majority of which are corporate and commercial loans 
and loans to SMEs.  However, as demand for longer term financing from existing customers and other high 
quality corporate credits increases, the Group expects the maturity profile of its portfolio to gradually increase 
further. 
Loans according to Maturity Structure 
The following tables set out certain information relating to the maturity structure of the Group’s loan portfolio 
based upon the division between (i) short-term (less than one year) and (ii) medium and long-term loans (greater 
than one year) in line with BRSA Principles as of the dates indicated:

--- Page 176 ---
157
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Loans under close monitoring 
Standard loans 
Not under the 
scope of 
restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions 
modified 
(TL, thousands) 
Short term loans ...................................................................................
477.536.347
17.329.006 
3.020.887 
Medium and long term loans................................................................
381.937.692
39.148.834 
45.245.418 
Total ....................................................................................................
859.474.039
56.477.840 
48.266.305 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Loans under close monitoring 
Standard loans 
Not under the 
scope of 
restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions 
modified 
(TL, thousands) 
Short term loans ...................................................................................
285,521,541 
10,222,709 
2,126,313 
Medium and long term loans................................................................
271,970,906 
20,998,605 
48,111,659 
Total ....................................................................................................
557,492,447
31,221,314 
50,237,972 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Loans under close monitoring 
Standard loans 
Not under the 
scope of 
restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions 
modified 
(TL, thousands) 
Short term loans ...................................................................................
146,688,762
5,579,552
2,719,843
Medium and long term loans................................................................
209,554,017
24,288,022
35,299,975
Total ....................................................................................................
356,242,779
29,867,574
38,019,818
Consumer Loans, Individual Credit Cards, Personnel Loans and Personnel Credit Cards 
Total lending to individuals through consumer loans, individual credit cards, personnel loans and personnel 
credit cards amounted to TL 490,133,157 thousand, which represented 19.69% of the Group’s total assets, as of 
30 September 2024, an increase from TL 359,493,357 thousand as of 31 December 2023, which represented 
19.29% of the Group’s total assets which in turn was an increase from TL 191,524,759 thousand as of 31 
December 2022, which represented 16.17% of the Group’s total assets which in turn was an increase (in TL 
terms) from TL 106,803,618 thousand (U.S.$8,229,907 thousand) as of 31 December 2021, which represented 
13.68% of the Group’s total assets. 
Commercial Instalment Loans and Corporate Credit Cards 
Lending through commercial instalment loans and corporate credit cards amounted to TL 142,808,894 thousand, 
which represented 5.74% of the Group’s total assets, as of 30 September 2024, compared to TL 107,218,654 
thousand, which represented 5.75% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 
66,970,174 thousand, which represented 5.65% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2022, compared 
to TL 36,652,036 thousand, which represented 4.7% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2021. 
Non-performing Loan Sales 
From time to time, the Bank sells non-performing loans based on market conditions and expects to continue. 
On 27 April 2022, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio with TL 1.3 billion principal amount for a total consideration 
of TL 205 million. 
On 28 September 2022, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio with TL 564.8 million principal amount for a total 
consideration of TL 112.9 million. 
In April and June 2023, the Bank sold fully provisioned NPL portfolio in the aggregate amount of TL 905.8 
million for TL 233.1 million and in the aggregate amount of TL 1.0 billion for TL 333.5 million, respectively.

--- Page 177 ---
158
 
 
In November 2023, the Bank sold fully provisioned NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1,400 million for TL 
546 million. 
In March 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1,076 million for TL 459.8 million.  In April 
2024, the Bank resolved to sell non-performing loans amounting in aggregate to TL 1,245 million for a total 
amount of TL 463 million. 
In June 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1.2 billion for TL 463 million. 
In August 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1.9 billion for TL 715 million.   
In November 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of approximately TL 1.7 billion for TL 421.1 
million. 
Derivatives 
The Group’s derivative transactions primarily include interest rate and foreign exchange swaps, forward foreign 
exchange purchase and sale transactions, and options.  The following table sets out certain information on 
derivative financial assets based upon management data in line with BRSA requirements: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Types of derivative transactions 
(TL, thousands) 
Foreign 
currency 
related 
derivative 
transactions....................................................
607,650,520 
605,454,301 
419,094,074 
232,324,842 
FC trading forward transactions......................
82,271,117 
50,297,878 
30,739,505 
26,393,227 
Trading swap transactions ..............................
459,141,152 
524,028,470 
279,037,373 
196,878,663 
Futures transactions ........................................
26,447,284 
7,475,390 
2,520,247 
1,135,020 
Trading option transactions ............................
39,790,967 
23,652,563 
106,796,949 
9,052,952 
Interest related derivative transactions..........
715,863,735 
505,199,409 
249,210,542 
236,085,173 
Forward interest transactions..........................
-
-
-  
-  
Interest rate swaps...........................................
694,333,778 
500,965,348 
244,236,022 
231,543,920 
Interest rate options.........................................
21,529,957 
4,234,061 
4,974,520 
4,541,253 
Interest rate futures .........................................
-
-
-
-
Other trading derivative transactions ............
267,264,576 
214,035,638 
97,258,538 
86,902,870 
Total trading derivative transactions..............
1,590,778,831 
1,324,689,348 
765,563,154 
555,312,885 
Types of hedging derivative transactions .......
-
-
-  
-  
Transactions for fair value hedge....................
4,869,602 
4,329,397 
5,017,677 
3,503,800 
Cash flow hedges............................................
41,917,849 
81,581,421 
117,782,458 
110,955,171 
Transactions for foreign net investment hedge
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total hedging related derivatives....................
46,787,451 
85,910,818 
122,800,135 
114,458,971 
Total derivative transactions...........................
1,637,566,282 
1,410,600,166 
888,363,289 
669,771,856 
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio comprises of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised 
cost.  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of 
selling or repurchasing them in the near term or to form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments 
that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short term profit taking. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised and subsequently re measured at fair 
value.  Securities with fixed maturity, where management has both the intent and the ability to hold to maturity, 
are classified as held to maturity.  Securities intended to be held for an indefinite period of time, which may be 
sold in response to needs for liquidity or changes in interest rates, exchange rates or equity prices, or client’s 
servicing activity, are classified as available for sale.  Management determines the appropriate classification of 
investments at the time of their purchase. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value, and are either acquired for 
generating profit from short term fluctuations in the price or dealer’s margin, or financial assets included in a 
portfolio in which a pattern of short term profit making exists independent from the acquisition purpose.

--- Page 178 ---
159
 
 
Investment securities are initially recognised at fair value.  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are subsequently re-measured at fair value.  Gains and losses arising from changes in 
the fair value of securities classified as available-for-sale are recognised in equity, until the financial asset is 
derecognised or impaired, at which time the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in equity is 
transferred to income statement. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost using the effective yield method, less 
any provision for impairment. 
The Group also enters into purchases or sales of investments under agreements to resell or repurchase 
substantially identical investments at a certain date in the future at a fixed price.  Investments sold under 
repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are measured in accordance with the 
accounting policy for the asset held in the portfolio, as appropriate. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of investments held by the Group as on the dates indicated: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
 
Net financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss(1)
3,344,600
1,994,481
2,277,485
2,270,895
801,654
Net financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
119,767,596
93,609,232
97,017,989
78,471,491
34,797,515
Net financial assets measured at amortised cost(2) ......
381,431,770 
289,955,020 
318,113,094 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
Total marketable securities portfolio......................
504,543,966 
385,558,733 
417,408,568 
249,568,643 
131,885,976 
(1) Includes “Government debt securities” (TL 495,430 thousand, TL 718,268 thousand, and TL 365,229 thousand as of 30 September 
2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, respectively) and “Other financial assets” (TL 2,820,684 thousand, TL 1,522,323 thousand, 
and TL 419,992 thousand as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, respectively) and Share certificates” (TL 28,486 
thousand, TL 36,894 thousand, and TL 1,485,674 thousand as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, as presented in 
the consolidated balance sheets as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
(2) Includes “financial assets measured at amortised cost (net)” (TL 381,431,770 thousand, TL 318,113,094 thousand, and TL 
168,826,257 thousand as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, respectively), as presented in the consolidated 
balance sheets as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio is largely comprised of Turkish government TL and FX securities, 
including both fixed rate and CPI-linked bonds.  The size of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio 
increased by 20.88% to TL 504,543,966 thousand as of 30 September 2024, compared to TL 417,408,568 
thousand as of 31 December 2023, which represented an increase compared to TL 249,568,643 thousand 
(U.S.$13,347,130 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, which represented an increase of 89.23% compared to 
TL 131,885,976 thousand (U.S.$10,162,664 thousand) as of 31 December 2021.  The increase in the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024 was mainly driven by TL denominated security growth. 
The weighted average interest rates for securities by major currencies outstanding as of 30 September 2024, and 
as of 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 based on yearly contractual rates are as follows: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
Investment securities
Financial 
assets 
where 
fair 
value 
change is reflected to 
other comprehensive 
income statement...
6.24
4.75
 
37.12
7.67
4.12
38.38
7.56
3.32
48.68
6.27
3.32
28.75
Financial 
Assets 
Measured 
at 
Amortised Cost......
6.46
3.54
40.02
6.45
3.05
39.55
6.39
2.62
53.69
6.25
2.71
30.36
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss assets include Government bonds and treasury bills, i.e., 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds, derivatives and also equity 
securities that are either listed or unlisted.

--- Page 179 ---
160
 
 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
Government debt securities ................................
495,430 
718,268 
365,229 
206,645 
Share certificates.................................................
28,486 
36,894 
1,485,674 
305,324 
Derivative financial assets held for trading.........
—
—
—
— 
Other financial assets..........................................
2,820,684 
1,522,323 
419,992 
289,685 
Financial assets where fair value change is 
reflected to other comprehensive income 
statement .......................................................  
3,344,600 
2,277,485 
2,270,895 
801,654 
 
As of 30 September 2024, the size of the Group’s portfolio increased by 46.85% to TL 3,344,600 thousand from 
TL 2,277,485 thousand as of 31 December 2023, itself an 0.3% increase from TL 2,270,895 thousand as of 31 
December 2022, itself an 183.28% increase from TL 801,654 thousand (U.S.$61,773 thousand) as of 31 
December 2021.  This increase in the Group’s portfolio was driven by driven by the opportunistic accumulation 
of securities, as well as TL fixed rated securities acquired within the scope of regulatory framework across the 
period. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are financial assets that are not held for 
trading purposes, nor intended by the Group to be held-to-maturity.  The portfolio of such assets consists of 
Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are discounted and coupon securities issued by the Turkish 
Treasury, as well as open-ended mutual funds incorporated in Türkiye, credit linked notes (“CLNs”), other 
bonds issued by domestic and foreign financial institutions and also equity securities that are either listed or 
unlisted. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets available for 
sale as of 30 September 2024 and as of 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
Debt securities...................................................
125,217,784 
101,757,174 
79,553,354
35,457,562
Quoted on stock exchange(3)...........................
125,213,545 
101,756,131 
77,776,653
35,457,562
Not quoted(1) ...................................................
4,239 
1,043 
1,776,701
— 
Share certificates...............................................
273,221 
242,543 
139,910
136,511
Quoted on stock exchange..............................  
4,817 
4,183 
2,667
1,851
Not quoted ......................................................  
268,404 
238,360 
137,243
134,660
Impairment provision (-)(1)...............................  
5,723,409 
4,981,728 
1,221,773
796,563
Other(2)...............................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................  
119,767,596 
97,017,989 
78,471,491 
34,797,510 
______________ 
(1) The figure includes the negative differences between the cost and the market price of the securities and the impairment provisions, 
if any. 
(2) Other includes mutual funds. 
(3) As of 1 January 2018, the Group changed its accounting policies with regard to some government debt securities with the adoption 
of TFRS 9.  As a result, government bonds with an amount of TL 1,998,350 have been classified from financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income to financial assets measured at amortised cost. 
As of 30 September 2024, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased to TL 119,767,596 thousand, 
compared to TL 97,017,989 thousand as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 78,471,491 thousand as of 31 
December 2022, itself an increase from TL 34,797,510 thousand (U.S.$2,681,372 thousand) as of 31 December 
2021.  The size of the Group’s portfolio of such assets as a percentage of total assets decreased to 4.81% as of 
30 September 2024, from 5.21% as of 31 December 2023, from 6.63% as of 31 December 2022 and from 4.46% 
as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 180 ---
161
 
 
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed 
maturity that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity.  These include certain debt investments. 
The Group’s portfolio of such assets consists of quoted on stock exchange Government bonds, treasury bills 
and other debt securities, all issued by the Turkish Treasury and foreign government bonds. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of 30 
September 2024 and as of 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
Government bonds..............................................
358,345,467 
302,772,173 
163,629,166 
91,916,790
Treasury bills......................................................
—
—
—
— 
Other debt securities ...........................................
23,086,303 
15,340,921 
5,197,091 
4,370,022 
Total financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .................................................................  
381,431,770 
318,113,094 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
As of 30 September 2024, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased by 19.90% to TL 381,431,770 
thousand from TL 318,113,094 thousand as of 31 December 2023, and TL 168,826,257 thousand as of 31 
December 2022 and TL 96,286,812 thousand as of 31 December 2021. 
Property and Equipment 
The following table sets out movements in the Group’s tangible assets: 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
Book value at the beginning of the period........................................
10,109.770 
4,974,156 
4,554,379 
Additions(1)...........................................................................................
10,529.683
6,081,474
1,363,920
Opening balance (TFRS 16)(2)..............................................................
—
—
Sale of a subsidiary ..............................................................................
—
—
Disposals (-), net ..................................................................................
552,775
433,118
409,075
Reversal of impairment, net .................................................................
207,329
817
Impairment (-)......................................................................................
—
—
Depreciation (-)....................................................................................
1,329,970
828,051
595,735
Foreign exchange differences, net........................................................
118,957 
107,980 
59,850 
Book value at the end of the period...................................................
18,875,665 
10,109,770 
4,974,156 
Cost at the end of the period.................................................................
23,304,275
13,532,391 
7,852,494 
Accumulated depreciation at the period end (-)....................................
4,428,610
3,422,621
2,878,338
_________________ 
(1) As of  31 December 2023, the Bank revalued its land and buildings, which resulted in an increase amounting to TL 6.066.155 
reflected under “Additions”. 
(2) The Group has adopted “TFRS 16 - Leases” as of 1 January 2019.  Opening balance includes branch and ATM leases accounted 
within the scope of TFRS 16. 
The Group owns or leases premises for its head office, branches and operations centres.  As of 30 September 
2024, the Group’s fixed assets (comprising land, land improvements, buildings, computer hardware and other 
fixed assets) had a total net book value of TL 29,704,939 thousand, or 1.19% of the Bank’s total assets, as 
compared to TL 18,875,665 thousand, or 1.01% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2023, as compared 
to TL 10,109,770 thousand, or 0.85% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2022, as compared to TL 
4,974,156 thousand (U.S.$383,291 thousand), or 0.64% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2021.  The 
Group owns its headquarters buildings in Istanbul and its operations centre in Gebze. As of 30 September 2024, 
the Bank owned approximately 16% of its branches and the rest were leased. 
The Group decided to change its accounting policy on valuation of buildings to fair value accounting in 
accordance with TAS 16 as of 31 March 2015.  Based on valuation reports of expert companies, authorised by 
CMB and BRSA, the Group realised a positive fair valuation difference as other comprehensive income 
amounting to TL 17,440,198 thousand, net of tax, as of 30 September 2024, compared to TL 10,912,237 
thousand, net of tax as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 4,912,389 thousand, net of tax as of 31 December

--- Page 181 ---
162
 
 
2022, compared to TL 1,877,188 thousand, net of tax as of 31 December 2021.  The Group has adopted “TFRS 
16 - Leases” as of January 1, 2019.  The Group has applied the simplified transition approach and elected not 
to restate comparative figures.  In accordance with “TFRS 16 - Leases”, the Group calculates “right-of-use” 
amount using the present value of the lease payments of fixed asset at the beginning of the leasing period and 
recognizes under “property and equipment”.  Unpaid leasing payments are calculated at their net present value 
and recognized under “lease payables” in liabilities.  Lease payments are discounted using related borrowing 
rates.  Fixed assets that are subject to leasing is amortised on the basis of leasing period.  Interest expense related 
to lease payables is classified under “interest on lease payables” under “interest expense” and exchange rate 
changes are classified under “foreign exchange gains/losses”.  Leasing payments are deducted from lease 
payables. 
Intangible Assets 
The following table sets out the Group’s goodwill and other intangible assets: 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
Balance at the beginning of the period .............................................
1,359,987
2,121,208
2,003,526
Additions during the period..................................................................
1,012,701
478,433
332,266
Unused and disposed items (-) .............................................................
4,060
1,397
2,629
Sale of a subsidiary ..............................................................................
—
—
—
Transfers...............................................................................................
—
—
—
Impairment reversal..............................................................................
—
—
—
Amortisation expenses (-) ....................................................................
384,169
286,579
241,931
Foreign exchange valuation differences, net ........................................
52,051 
27,815 
29,976 
Balance at the end of the period........................................................
2,036,510 
1,359,987 
2,121,208 
Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment, or more frequently when there are indications that impairment 
may have occurred.  There was no impairment to goodwill identified as of 30 September 2024 and as of 31 
December 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
Sources of Funding 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s major sources of funds for its lending and investment activities were 
deposits (accounting for 67.48% of total funding), funds borrowed (accounting for 14.96% of total funding), 
money markets (accounting for 10.71% of total funding), and marketable securities issued (accounting for 
6.85% of total funding). 
The following table sets out the Group’s sources of funding as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
% 
2023 
% 
2022 
% 
2021 
% 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Deposits ........................................................
1,369,722,400 
67.48
1,108,885,676 
75.58
705,495,439 
75.97
419,928,058 
66.68
Funds borrowed including subordinated loans
..................................................................
303,689,725 
14.96
197,880,982 
13.49
133,504,630 
14.38
112,363,963 
17.84
Money markets..............................................
217,412,032 
10.71
63,382,500 
4.32
40,295,030 
4.34
55,886,473 
8.87
Marketable securities issued (net)..................
139,123,533 
6.85
97,039,999 
6.61
49,350,808 
5.31
41,577,011 
6.60
Total .............................................................
2,029,947,690 
100.00
1,467,189,157 
100.00
928,645,907 
100.00
629,755,505 
100.00
The availability of such funds is influenced by factors such as prevailing interest rates, market conditions and 
the level of competition prevailing. 
Deposits 
Deposits consist of customer demand and time deposits.  Customer current accounts generally bear no interest 
and can be withdrawn upon demand.  For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of 
account offered by the Group.  Deposits from customers comprise local deposits, foreign currency deposits, 
savings, and commercial deposits.

--- Page 182 ---
163
 
 
During the nine months ended 30 September 2024, deposit growth was mainly driven by customer demand 
deposits.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Foreign Exchange Legislation”.  The following tables set out 
the maturity structure of the Group’s deposits/collected funds: 
 
As of 30 September 2024 
 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ...........................................  
130,458,727  
11,686,021  
214,331,127  
115,551,454  
34,563,988  
8,636,368  
113  
515,227,798  
Foreign currency deposits.............................  
288,606,042 
43,339,313 
63,532,422 
16,696,108 
14,872,073 
17,370,233 
— 
444,416,191 
Residents in Türkiye.....................................  
252,681,166 
35,908,345 
58,506,081 
9,706,341 
3,608,305 
1,677,190 
— 
362,087,428 
Residents abroad ...........................................  
35,924,876  
7,430,968  
5,026,341  
6,989,767  
11,263,768  
15,693,043  
— 
82,328,763  
Public sector deposits ...................................  
18,443,727  
2,506,874  
174,799  
6,777  
2,043  
—  
— 
21,134,220  
Commercial deposits ....................................  
53,398,156 
27,797,210 
125,199,737 
20,531,110 
13,414,472 
2,952,256 
— 
243,292,941 
Other institutions deposits ............................  
1,482,422 
1,316,869 
5,535,446 
981,771 
554,205 
103 
— 
9,870,816 
Precious metals vault ....................................  
102,695,045 
— 
8,709,624 
— 
1,434,624 
275,834 
— 
113,115,127 
Bank deposits ...............................................  
2.911,546  
2,238,288  
6,818,995  
3,336,391  
5,557,482  
1,802,605  
— 
22,665,307  
The CBRT....................................................  
1,831,530  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,831,530  
Domestic banks ............................................  
19,105 
1,354,996 
2,617,430 
3,336,391 
5,557,482 
1,802,605 
— 
14,688,009 
Foreign banks ...............................................  
837,272 
883,292 
4,201,565 
— 
— 
— 
— 
5,922,129 
Participation banks .......................................  
223,639  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
223,639  
Other ............................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ............................................................  
597,995,665 
88,884,575  
424,302,150  
157,103,611  
70,398,887  
31,037,399  
113  
1,369,722,4
00  
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ...........................................  
71,511,573 
12,327,501 
180,557,819 
67,064,162 
63,658,295 
4,046,974 
189 
399,166,513 
Foreign currency deposits.............................  
256,921,928 
46,294,507 
56,538,991 
9,577,938 
10,072,916 
12,503,350 
— 
391,909,630 
Residents in Türkiye.....................................  
228,614,999  
36,860,459  
49,196,792  
5,996,874  
1,815,433  
860,103  
— 
323,344,660  
Residents abroad...........................................  
28,306,929  
9,434,048  
7,342,199  
3,581,064  
8,257,483  
11,643,247  
— 
68,564,970  
Public sector deposits ...................................  
5,846,024 
3,115,835 
119,870 
18,835 
1,508 
— 
— 
9,102,072 
Commercial deposits ....................................  
53,894,753 
23,519,689 
76,366,803 
17,454,437 
27,091,967 
2,032,242 
— 
200,359,891 
Other institutions deposits ............................  
755,091  
919,243  
4,980,443  
1,066,252  
521,736  
169  
— 
8,242,934  
Precious metals vault ....................................  
64,458,794  
— 
1,854,413  
—  
1,070,896  
203,323  
— 
67,587,426  
Bank deposits ...............................................  
1,142,440 
6,681,561 
13,579,519 
4,878,101 
5,732,620 
502,969 
— 
32,517,210 
The CBRT....................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Domestic banks ............................................  
56,021  
6,626,558  
1,264,438  
4,878,101  
5,732,620  
502,969  
— 
19,060,707  
Foreign banks ...............................................  
626,041  
55,003  
12,315,081  
— 
— 
— 
— 
12,996,125  
Participation banks .......................................  
460,378 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
460,378 
Other ............................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ............................................................  
454,530,603 
92,858,336 
333,997,858 
100,059,725 
108,149,938 
19,289,027 
189 
1,108,885,6
76 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ...........................................  
48,659,040  
5,628,551  
147,023,414  
7,064,785  
735,023  
4,350,934  
472  
213,462,219  
Foreign currency deposits.............................  
160,693,649  
41,185,234  
64,999,846  
5,990,576  
4,360,361  
7,116,769  
— 
284,346,435  
Residents in Türkiye.....................................  
146,810,112 
33,935,416 
62,220,315 
4,783,271 
1,932,781 
1,135,962 
— 
250,817,857 
Residents abroad...........................................  
13,883,537 
7,249,818 
2,779,531 
1,207,305 
2,427,580 
5,980,807 
— 
33,528,578 
Public sector deposits ...................................  
1,073,991  
1,812,672  
106,067  
3,730  
— 
— 
— 
2,996,460  
Commercial deposits ....................................  
42,934,974  
28,267,542  
63,925,448  
13,448,552  
109,747  
7,225,835  
— 
155,912,098  
Other institutions deposits ............................  
340,198 
606,623 
3,278,473 
414,220 
722 
13,487 
— 
4,653,723 
Precious metals vault ....................................  
31,226,726 
— 
1,125,635 
— 
1,152,310 
132,437 
— 
33,637,108 
Bank deposits ...............................................  
1,325,315  
2,286,606  
1,710,701  
3,042,361  
1,955,815  
166,598  
— 
10,487,396  
The CBRT....................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Domestic banks ............................................  
4,348 
2,154,596 
887,874 
3,042,361 
1,955,815 
166,598 
— 
8,211,592 
Foreign banks ...............................................  
561,811 
132,010 
822,827 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,516,648 
Participation banks .......................................  
759,156  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
759,156  
Other ............................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ............................................................  
286,253,893  
79,787,228  
282,169,584  
29,964,224  
8,313,978  
19,006,060  
472  
705,495,439

--- Page 183 ---
164
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Demand 
With 7 days 
notification
s 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits .................................
22,116,407
—
4,200,415
47,951,379
912,374
217,581
481,799
688
75,880,643
Foreign currency deposits ...................  
118,653,305 
— 
30,876,917 
82,217,111 
9,630,737 
4,662,277 
4,634,886 
— 
250,675,233 
Residents in Türkiye ...........................
108,343,972
—
28,245,189
77,745,954
8,826,800
1,853,900
1,097,109
—
226,112,924
Residents abroad .................................  
10,309,333 
— 
2,631,728 
4,471,157 
803,937 
2,808,377 
3,537,777 
— 
24,562,309 
Public sector deposits..........................
1,832,847
—
9,106
38,455
21,947
131
41
—
1,902,527
Commercial deposits ...........................  
14,035,320 
— 
19,744,903 
25,198,224 
117,320 
696,524 
27,873 
— 
59,820,164 
Other institutions deposits...................
201,166
—
237,363
1,728,377
24,270
67,643
255,287
—
2,514,106
Precious metals vault ..........................  
20,180,484 
 —  
— 
416,447 
— 
1,332,472 
68,645 
— 
21,998,048 
Bank deposits......................................
1,783,052
—
2,626,143
488,047
1,228,300
924,793
87,002
—
7,137,337
The CBRT ..........................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
— 
Domestic banks...................................
7,055
—
2,579,646
472,761
1,228,300
924,793
87,002
—
5,299,557
Foreign banks .....................................  
784,602 
— 
46,497 
15,286 
— 
— 
— 
— 
846,385 
Participation banks..............................
991,395
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
991,395
Other ..................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ..................................................  
178,802,581 
— 
57,694,847 
158,038,040 
11,934,948 
7,901,421 
5,555,533 
688 
419,928,058 
The following table sets out the currency basis analysis of the deposits (including interest expense accruals for 
all deposits) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
TL.......................................................................
809,572,612 
638,781,576 
385,622,097
145,690,033
U.S.$ ..................................................................
219,656,670 
208,505,507 
171,290,340
155,677,058
€
209,397,285 
175,961,972 
106,190,294
90,644,105
Other ..................................................................
131,095,833  
85,636,621  
42,392,708 
27,916,862 
Total ..................................................................
1,369,722,400  
1,108,885,676  
705,495,439 
419,928,058 
Funds Borrowed 
The following table sets out the Group’s borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
The Central Bank borrowings ................ 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
From domestic banks and institutions.....
10,175,482 
16,827,463 
11,757,504 
10,615,941 
10,069,627
7,015,365
4,860,180
6,250,190
From foreign banks, institutions and funds
..........................................................
42,873,892  
175,119,484  
660,191  
138,001,207  
949,471 
76,081,935 
748,055 
61,063,539 
Total ..................................................... 
53,049,374  
191,946,947  
12,417,695  
148,617,148  
11,019,098 
83,097,300 
5,608,235 
67,313,729 
 
On 6 November 2024, the Bank executed a two-tranche sustainable syndicated loan transaction (U.S.$605.4 
million and EUR 410.1 million) with 45 financial institutions and participants from 24 countries, totalling the 
equivalent of approximately U.S.$1.052 billion with a 367-days maturity.  The total cost of the transaction for 
USD and EUR is SOFR+1.75% and Euribor+1.50%, respectively. 
On 10 September 2024, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 7.125% notes due 2029.  The interest on the notes 
will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 29 May 2024, the Bank executed a sustainable syndicated loan transaction with 46 financial institutions and 
participants from 25 countries for syndicated loans in two tranches - U.S.$442.5 million and EUR 454.5 million, 
totalling the equivalent of approximately U.S.$936 million with 367-days maturity.  The total cost of the 
transaction for USD and EUR is SOFR+2.50% and Euribor+2.25%, respectively. 
On 2 April 2024, the Bank issued U.S.$500,000,000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(the “AT1 2024 Notes”) under its U.S.$11,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme.  The AT1 
2024 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 9.743% per annum until 4 July 2029, after which date the AT1 2024 
Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.499% per annum above the CMT Rate as of such date, and the interest 
rate will reset successively on each fifth anniversary thereof at a fixed rate of 5.499% per annum above the 
CMT Rate as of such fifth anniversary.  Subject to the Bank’s right to cancel any payment of interest in respect 
of the AT1 2024 Notes, interest is payable semi-annually in arrears.  The AT1 2024 Notes may be redeemed at 
the Bank’s option in whole (but not in part) from 4 April 2029 to 4 July 2029 or on any interest payment date 
thereafter. 
On 17 January 2024, the Bank issued U.S$650 million 9.25% Tier 2 Notes with a maturity of 10 years.  Interest 
will be paid semi-annually in arrears and the Bank has a call option at the end of fifth year.

--- Page 184 ---
165
 
 
On 15 December 2023, the Bank entered into a U.S.$80 million loan facility agreement with the International 
Finance Corporation (“IFC”).  The facility will be used to support businesses and individuals in the regions 
affected by the earthquakes in southern Türkiye and Syria on 6 February 2023. 
On 27 November 2023, the Bank issued U.S.$300 million 9.250% Sustainable Notes due 2028, to be 
consolidated and form a single series with its U.S.$500 million 9.250% Sustainable Notes due 2028 issued on 
13 September 2023. 
On 13 October 2023, the Bank executed future flow transactions with two different investors under its 
diversified payment rights (“DPR”) programme for U.S.$175 million with five year maturities. 
On 27 September 2023, the Bank executed future flow and treasury financing transactions with six different 
investors under its DPR programme for U.S.$714.4 million and EUR 100 million, respectively, with maturities 
varying between five to eight years. 
On 13 September 2023, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 9.250% Sustainable Notes due 2028.  The interest on 
the notes will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 11 August 2023, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with the European Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development (“EBRD”) for up to U.S.$108 million.  The facility will be used to support businesses and 
individuals in the regions affected by the earthquakes in southern Türkiye and Syria on 6 February 2023. 
On 4 July 2022, the Bank signed two loan agreements totalling U.S.$90 million.  Both loans were provided 
through the Turkish Development and Investment Bank (“TKYB”).  The first, in the amount of U.S.$30 million 
with a maturity of 2 years, was from the Asian Infrastructure and Investment Bank, to finance the infrastructure 
and related sectors affected by COVID-19.  The second, in the amount of U.S.$60 million with a maturity of 5 
years, was from the World Bank and with the support of the TKYB is to help finance companies affected by 
COVID-19 through the “Emergency Company Support Project” programme. 
On 22 April 2022, the Bank executed a six year future flow under its DPR programme for EUR 126.7 million 
together with treasury financing transactions.  For more information regarding the DPR programme see “—
Marketable Securities Issued”. 
On 20 December 2021, the Bank executed future flow and treasury financing transactions with six different 
investors under its DPR programme for U.S.$445 million and EUR 100 million, respectively, with maturities 
varying between five to eight years. 
On 6 July 2021, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with European Fund for Southeast Europe for 
EUR 25 million with a maturity of 6 years.  The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to support farmers, 
micro and small businesses within the scope of agricultural enterprises. 
On 25 June 2021, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with Green for Growth Fund for EUR 15 
million with a maturity of 6 years.  The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to finance loans for energy 
efficiency and renewable energy projects. 
On 20 January 2021, the Bank issued Tier 2 notes with a nominal amount of U.S$500 million with a maturity 
of 10 years and annual rate of 7.875%.  Interest will be paid semi-annually in arrear and the Bank has a call 
option at the end of fifth year. 
On 21 January 2020, the Bank issued a private placement Green Bond for U.S.$50 million with a maturity 
around 5 years. 
On 20 December 2019, the Bank issued TL 400,000,000 Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2024. 
In October 2019, the Bank issued Tier 2 notes totalling TL 300 million to investors in Türkiye. 
On 2 July 2019, the Bank priced a floating–rate Tier-2 issuance to qualified investors, with a coupon rate of 3M 
TRLIBOR + 100 bps (6.3647% for the first coupon payment on 2 October 2019) with a transaction size of 
TL500m and an initial maturity of 10 years, callable at the end of the 5th year.

--- Page 185 ---
166
 
 
On 25 February 2019, three new tranches were issued from the DPR programme and the total proceeds amount 
U.S.$711.6 million, with two series having a final maturity of six years and one series with an eight year final 
maturity.  The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of three commercial banks. 
On 19 July 2018, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with Proparco for EUR 25 million with a 
maturity of 10 years.  The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to finance loans for energy efficiency and 
renewable energy projects. 
On 27 February 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$100 million notes under its DPR programme with a maturity of 
seven years.  The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of one commercial bank. 
On 20 February 2018, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with the EBRD for U.S.$15 million with 
a maturity of 15 years.  The facility will be used to finance mortgages, green mortgages and residential resource 
efficiency projects in Türkiye. 
On 5 February 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$115 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme with a 
maturity of ten years.  The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of one commercial bank. 
On 21 December 2017, the Bank issued seven new tranches under its DPR securitisation programme with total 
proceeds of EUR 140 million and U.S.$285 million, of which six tranches had a maturity of five years and one 
tranche had a seven year maturity.  The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of seven 
different commercial banks. 
On 21 October 2016, the Bank established a new financing programme which will enable the Bank to issue 
mortgage covered bonds outside of Türkiye, up to EUR 1 billion or its equivalent in other currencies or Turkish 
Lira in various formats and maturities (the “Mortgage Backed Covered Bond Programme”). 
On 14 July 2015, the Bank issued U.S.$575.12 million notes under its DPR programme, with maturities between 
5 to 12 years. 
On 10 March 2015, the Bank issued U.S.$416 million notes under its DPR programme, with maturities between 
5 to 10 years. 
On 2 October 2014, the Bank issued U.S.$550 million notes under its DPR programme, with a maturity of 
20 years. 
On 26 July 2013, five new tranches were issued from the DPR programme and the total proceeds amount to 
EUR 115 million and U.S.$355 million, with four series having a final maturity of five years and one series 
with a 13 year final maturity.  The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of four commercial 
banks and one supranational. 
The following table sets out the maturity structure of the Group’s borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
Short term .............................................. 
51,293,043  
37,744,671  
9,920,235  
30,605,554  
9,608,706 
21,306,245 
4,037,994 
12,305,909 
Medium and Long term .......................... 
1,756,331  
154,202,276  
2,497,460  
118,011,594  
1,410,392 
61,791,055 
1,570,241 
55,007,820 
Total ..................................................... 
53,049,374  
191,946,947  
12,417,695  
148,617,148  
11,019,098 
83,097,300 
5,608,235 
67,313,729 
The Group has entered into a number of Turkish Lira and foreign currency financings with banks and other 
financial institutions, which have an average maturity of 12 months. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group had funds borrowed of TL 244,996,321 thousand. 
Marketable Securities Issued 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s marketable securities issued as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Bills.......................................................
12,387,013 
27,199,979 
10,221,955 
10,933,847 
11,280,086
2,031,595
7,168,860
—
Asset backed securities .......................... 
 -  
18,066,911  
 -  
16,325,139  
— 
4,940,364 
— 
5,998,334 
Bonds .................................................... 
328,579  
81,141,051  
402,929  
59,156,129  
665,581 
30,433,182 
1,396,623 
27,013,194 
Total .....................................................
12,715,592  
126,407,941  
10,624,884  
86,415,115  
11,945,667 
37,405,141 
8,565,483 
33,011,528

--- Page 186 ---
167
 
 
The Bank maintains programmes registered with the CMB under which it may issue bonds in the domestic 
market in local currency. 
In December 2023, the Bank renewed with the CMB its programme to issue domestic bonds up an aggregate 
amount of TL 55 billion.  From December 2023 through September 2024, the Bank issued an aggregate amount 
of TL 26,644 million in such domestic bonds under this programme and, as of September 2024, the Bank’s total 
outstanding local currency bonds under this programme were TL 10,014 million.  Bonds issued under this 
programme have no restrictions on early redemption at the investors’ request or by repurchasing the bonds in 
the secondary market.   
Additionally, the Bank maintains a programme registered with the CMB to issue up to TL 5 billion in 
subordinated domestic bonds and under this programme the Bank issued TL 500 million and TL 300 million of 
10-year subordinated bonds in July 2019 and October 2019, respectively.  The subordinated bonds issued under 
this programme qualify as Tier 2 capital under the Basel III framework. 
Guarantees and Warranties 
The Group enters into certain financial instruments with off balance sheet risk in the normal course of business 
in order to meet the needs of its customers.  These instruments, which include letters of guarantee, bank 
acceptances, import letters of acceptance and other commitments and liabilities, involve varying degrees of 
credit risk and are not reflected in the balance sheet.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group had issued letters of 
credit amounting to TL 58,942,167 thousand, letters of guarantee amounting to TL 413,126,922 thousand and 
bank acceptances amounting to TL 2,318,450 thousand, compared to letter of credit amounting to TL 
54,078,251 thousand, letters of guarantee amounting to TL 304,183,204 thousand and bank acceptances 
amounting to TL 2,178,212 thousand as of 31 December 2023, compared to letters of credit amounting to TL 
33,199,803 thousand (U.S.$1,775,552 thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to TL 181,372,704 thousand 
(U.S.$9,699,957 thousand) and bank acceptances amounting to TL 864,879 thousand (U.S.$46,254 thousand) 
as of 31 December 2022, compared to letters of credit amounting to TL 26,319,956 thousand (U.S.$2,028,122 
thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to TL 118,969,622 thousand (U.S.$9,167,376 thousand) and bank 
acceptances amounting to TL 545,822 thousand (U.S.$42,059 thousand) as of 31 December 2021.  Maximum 
exposure to credit losses for letters of guarantee, bank acceptances and letters of credit is represented by the 
contractual amount of these transactions.  Since many of the guarantees and warranties are expected to expire 
without being drawn upon, the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  The ratio 
of non-cash commitments to total loans (cash and non-cash loans) was 39.14% as of 31 December 2023, 
compared to 36.87% as of 31 December 2022 and 37.83% as of 31 December 2021. 
The following table sets out certain details on guarantees and warrantees on a consolidated basis as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
Letters of guarantee............................................
413,126,922 
304,183,204 
181,372,704
118,969,622
Bank acceptances ...............................................
2,318,450 
2,178,212 
864,879
545,822
Letters of credit ..................................................
58,942,167 
54,078,251 
33,199,803
26,319,956
Prefinancing given as guarantee.........................
-
-
—
—
Endorsement.......................................................
-
-
—
—
Other guarantees.................................................
36,821,306 
23,875,692 
20,320,132
8,353,998
Other warrantees ................................................
7,129,460  
4,307,717  
8,030,133 
6,718,058 
Total guarantees and warrantees....................
518,338,305  
388,623,076  
243,787,651 
160,917,107 
As of 30 September 2024, the volume of letters of guarantee amounted to TL 413,126,922 thousand, compared 
to TL 304,183,204 thousand as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 181,372,704 thousand as of 31 December 
2022, compared to TL 118,969,622 thousand as of 31 December 2021.  The overall increase was mainly driven 
by the improvement in the international trade finance activities of the Bank. 
As of 30 September 2024, the volume of letters of credit amounted to TL 58,942,167 thousand, compared to TL 
54,078,251 thousand as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 33,199,803 thousand as of 31 December 2022 
and TL 26,319,956 thousand as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 187 ---
168
 
 
Contractual Obligations 
In the course of its business, the Group enters into various contractual arrangements that require it to make 
payments of various amounts over time.  As a result of the relative short maturity of deposits in Türkiye 
generally, the Group uses these types of financings to extend the maturity of its funding sources. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group had outstanding syndicated loans of TL 59,289,737 thousand, compared 
to TL 40,468,423 thousand as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 24,146,185 thousand as of 31 December 
2022, and TL 22,459,814 thousand as of 31 December 2021. In addition, the Group had subordinated debt 
amounting to TL 58,693,404 thousand as of 30 September 2024, compared to TL 36,846,139 thousand as of 31 
December 2023, compared to TL 39,388,232 thousand as of 31 December 2022 and TL 39,441,999 thousand 
as of 31 December 2021. 
Capital Adequacy 
Banks in Türkiye are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, which 
are based upon the standards established by the Bank of International Settlements (“BIS”).  These guidelines 
require banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet 
exposures. 
A bank’s capital adequacy ratio is calculated by taking the aggregate of its Tier 1 capital (which comprises paid 
in capital, retained earnings and profit (or loss, if any) for the current periods) and its Tier 2 capital (which 
comprises general and subordinated loans obtained) minus deductions (which comprise participations to 
financial institutions, negative differences between fair and book values of subsidiaries and goodwill), and 
dividing the result by risk-weighted assets, which reflect both credit risk, market risk and operational risk.  In 
accordance with these guidelines, banks must maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of a minimum of 8%.  By 
taking into account banks’ internal systems, assets and financial structure, the BRSA is authorised to (i) increase 
the minimum capital adequacy ratio, (ii) set different ratios for each bank, and (iii) revise the risk weighting of 
assets that are based upon participation accounts.  If a bank’s capital adequacy ratio is below the ratio set by the 
BRSA, certain restrictions are imposed. 
The following table sets out information on the Group’s consolidated capital and its capital adequacy ratios as 
of 30 September 2024 and as of 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 all computed based upon BRSA guidelines 
under Basel I. 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands) 
Paid in Capital....................................................
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
8,447,051
8,447,051
Retained Earnings ..............................................
145,190,447 
87,382,611 
42,548,922
34,038,657
Profit ..................................................................
24,045,368 
69,648,790 
54,384,643
12,129,712
Net Current Period Profit ................................
22,405,414 
68,008,836 
52,744,689
10,489,758
Prior Period Profit...........................................
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
1,639,954
1,639,954
Tier 1 Capital (I).................................................
209,744,322 
192,801,681 
131,779,241
67,328,721
Tier 2 Capital (II) ...............................................
41,083,829
20,605,850
15,483,476
12,923,206
Deductions (III)..................................................
199,614
142,769
63,481
76,825
Own Funds (I+II-III)..........................................
250,628,537
213,264,762
147,199,236
80,175,102
Risk Weighted Assets (including market risk) ...
1,497,542,746
1,115,540,871
734,986,439
452,409,578
Capital Ratios (%):............................................
Tier 1 Capital/Risk Weighted Assets(1) ..................  
14.01
17.28
17.93
14.88
Own Funds/Risk Weighted Assets(1) ....................... 
16.74
19.12
19.95
17.59
_________ 
(1) The capital adequacy ratios as of 30 September 2024 without including Temporary Forbearances would be 12.3% and 14.8% for 
the Tier 1 Capital / Risk Weighted Assets capital adequacy ratio and Own Funds/Risk Weighted Assets capital adequacy ratio, 
respectively. 
The Bank and its individually regulated operations were in compliance with all the above-mentioned capital 
adequacy requirements throughout the above indicated periods. 
The Group’s total capital adequacy ratio under Basel II was 16.7% (or 14.8% without Temporary Forbearances) 
as of 30 September 2024, compared to 19.1% as of 31 December 2023, 19.9% as of 31 December 2022 and 
17.6% as of 31 December 2021.  The Bank-only total capital adequacy ratio was 17.7% (or 15.8% without

--- Page 188 ---
169
 
 
Temporary Forbearances) as of 30 September 2024, compared to 20.3% as of 31 December 2023, 21.3% as of 
31 December 2022 and 18.7% as of 31 December 2021. 
In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements.  As a result, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, Turkish banks are subject to Basel III capital adequacy requirements regarding regulatory 
capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements. 
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA published certain amendments to the Equity Regulation and the Regulation 
regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks and the 
2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation, all of which entered into force on 31 March 2016.  On 20 January 2016, the 
BRSA also introduced certain amendments to existing regulations with a view to continuing its efforts to adopt 
Basel III requirements.  These amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016, except for the amendments 
relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios which entered into force on 20 January 2016.  
The amendments relate to equity requirements, liquidity coverage ratios, internal systems and internal capital 
adequacy ratios, capital adequacy requirements, risk assessment models and calculation of market risk, credit 
risk calculations, credit risk mitigation methods, risk management disclosures and financial statement 
disclosures.  Lastly, on 22 June 2016, the BRSA introduced an amendment to the Equity Regulation to change 
the items taken into account in equity calculation with an enforcement date of 1 January 2017, and also 
published a draft Communiqué on Principles for Debt Instruments to be Included in Equity Calculations by 
Banks to introduce certain rules in relation to conversion and write-down of debt instruments to be included in 
additional Tier I or Tier II capital.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry— The 
Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in the past and may 
in the future change rapidly” above and “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy” in the Base 
Prospectus.  The BRSA Decision on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer amended the countercyclical capital 
buffer for Turkish bank’s exposures in Türkiye.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking 
Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods 
may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking 
sector”. 
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation introducing a methodology for assessing the 
degree to which banks are systemically important in the domestic market.  The contemplated methodology 
requires the identification of the Turkish D-SIBs under four different categories based on their previous year-
end consolidated financial statements, and requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1 to 3% of 
additional core capital (ilave çekirdek sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets.  This additional core capital 
requirement that came into effect on 31 March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below. 
Groups
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
2016 
2017 
2018 
from 1 January 
2019 
4th group (empty)...............................................
0.75
1.5
2.25
3
3rd group............................................................
0.5
1
1.5
2
2nd group ...........................................................
0.375
0.75
1.125
1.5
1st group.............................................................
0.25
0.5
0.75
1
The Bank has been classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios for each of the years ended 
31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021 and has been classified in the first group since January 2020.  See “Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Sector—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish 
banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and 
other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector” and “—Significant Factors Affecting Results of 
Operations—Turkish Economy”. 
Capital erosion remains a risk for the banking industry if the Turkish Lira were to face further depreciation 
pressures and Turkish Lira bonds were to suffer a significant sell-off.  Management currently estimates that a 
10% depreciation of the Turkish Lira would result in a negative impact of approximately 336 bps on the Group’s 
CET1, approximately 26 bps on the Group’s Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, and approximately 10 bps on the 
Group’s capital adequacy ratio, excluding any effect of the Temporary Forbearances. The impact of further 
depreciation beyond 10% is estimated to have a diminishing negative impact on the Bank’s capital adequacy 
ratio.

--- Page 189 ---
170
 
 
On 28 April 2022, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable to commercial cash loans provided after 1 
May 2022 from a range of 20-150%, to 200%; provided that the following are excluded:  (a) loans provided to 
SMEs, financial institutions and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries, and (b) export and 
investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Group’s accounting policies used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the BRSA 
are integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition presented in the Annual BRSA 
Financial Statements and the notes thereto.  The Group’s significant accounting policies are described in Section 
three of the Annual BRSA Financial Statements.  The preparation of these financial statements requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year.  On an on-going basis, management evaluates 
its estimates and judgments, including those related to allowance for losses, investments, income taxes, 
financing operations and contingencies, litigation and arbitration.  Management bases its estimates and 
judgment upon historical experience and various other factors that it considers to be reasonable under the 
circumstances.  Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
Management believes that the following significant accounting policies require critical judgments or estimates 
or involve a degree of complexity in application that affects the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Explanations on interest income and expense 
Interest income and expenses are recognised in the income statement on an accrual basis periodically by the 
effective interest method. 
As per Uniform Chart of Accounts (“UCA”), retrospective rediscount calculation and foreign exchange 
evaluation are performed for NPLs, and accrued interest and rediscounts on loans are accounted under loan 
accrual/rediscount accounts when such loan is transferred to NPL accounts.  The Bank ceases accruing interest 
after NPL classification.  Instead, the interest amount representing the time value of future collections is 
recognized under interest income instead of provision expense. 
Explanations on fee and commission income and expenses 
Fees and commissions received as a result of the service agreements or arising from negotiating or participating 
in the negotiation of a transaction on behalf of a third party are recognized either in the period when the 
transaction is realised or deferred based on the type of the underlying transaction.  Other commission income 
and fees from various banking services are recorded as income at the time of realization. 
Except for fees and commissions that are integral part of the effective interest rates of financial instruments 
measured at amortized costs, the fees and commissions are accounted for in accordance with TFRS 15. 
Explanations on financial assets 
The Group applies TFRS 9 and classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories: 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; 
 
Fair value through other comprehensive income; and 
 
Amortised cost. 
According to TFRS 9 classification of financial assets is based on two criteria; classification and measurement 
of financial assets depend on the business model of the financial asset and contractual cash flows representing 
solely payments of principal and interest of the financial asset.  This evaluation incorporates whether there is 
any clause that may change timing or amount of contractual cash flows of the financial asset. 
Classification of financial assets reflects the business model of how the Group manages the assets in order to 
generate cash flows.  The Bank’s business model may be to collect solely the contractual cash flows from the 
assets or to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from the sale of assets.  If neither of

--- Page 190 ---
171
 
 
these is applicable, then the financial assets are classified as part of ‘other’ business model and measured at fair 
value through profit or loss.  Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model for a group of 
assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were collected, how the asset’s 
performance is evaluated and reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and 
how managers are compensated.  Securities held for trading are held principally for the purpose of selling in the 
near term or are part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is 
evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking.  These securities are classified in the ‘other’ 
business model and measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets, which are classified as “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”, are trading financial 
assets and are either acquired for generating profit from short-term fluctuations in the price or dealer’s margin, 
or are the financial assets included in a portfolio in which a pattern of short-term profit making exists 
independent from the acquisition purpose. 
Trading financial assets are initially recognized at fair value and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value.  
However, if fair values cannot be obtained from active market transactions, it is assumed that the fair value 
cannot be measured reliably and fair values are calculated by alternative models.  All gains and losses arising 
from these valuations are recognized in the income statement.  Interest earned while holding financial assets is 
reported as interest income and dividends received are included separately in dividend income. 
The principles regarding the accounting of derivative financial instruments are explained in detail in Note 4 to 
the Interim BRSA Financial Statements. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest, are measured at amortised cost.  These financial assets are initially recognized at the 
total of acquisition and transaction cost.  After their initial recognition they are carried at “amortised cost” using 
the “effective interest method”. 
Loans and receivables 
Loans are financial assets raised through lending without having the intention to trade in the short term.  Loans 
are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities that are not quoted 
on an active market.  Loans are recognised initially at cost including transaction costs (which reflect fair values) 
and subsequently carried at the amortised cost using the “effective interest method”.  The expenses incurred for 
the assets received as collateral are not considered as transaction costs and are recognised in the expense 
accounts. 
Retail, commercial and corporate loans included in cash loans are accounted for with their original maturities 
in accounts which are mentioned in the UCA.  Foreign currency indexed loans are initially measured at local 
currency accounts with the foreign exchange rate prevailing at date of the initial recognition and re-valued with 
the relevant foreign currency rates prevailing at the date of the financial statements.  Increase or decrease in the 
value of the principal amount of the loan due to changes in foreign exchange rates is accounted in the related 
income and expense accounts.  Repayment amounts are translated with the foreign exchange rates prevailing at 
the repayment dates, and the valuation differences are accounted for in foreign exchange gain/loss accounts. 
The Bank provides an expected loss provision based on the assessments and estimates of the management, by 
considering the “Communiqué Related to Principles and Procedures on Determining the Qualifications of 
Banks’ Loans and Other Receivables and the Provision for These Loans and Other Receivables” (“Provisioning 
Regulation”) published in the Official Gazette No. 29750 dated 22 June 2016.  In this context, the management 
estimates are determined on the basis of the prudence principle, and the Bank’s credit risk policies considering 
the general structure of the loan portfolio, the financial conditions of the customers, non-financial information 
and the economic conjuncture. 
Provision expenses are deducted from the net income of the year.  If there is a subsequent collection from a 
receivable that was already provisioned in previous years, the recovery amount is classified under “Other 
operating income”.  Uncollectible receivables are written-off after all the legal procedures are finalised.

--- Page 191 ---
172
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the assets’ 
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, and that are not designated at fair value through 
profit or loss, are measured at fair value change reflected in the other comprehensive income statement. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are subsequently re-measured at fair value.  
When fair values based on market prices cannot be obtained reliably, the financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income are carried at fair values determined by using alternative models.  Equity 
instruments which are not quoted on a market and the fair values of which cannot be determined reliably, are 
carried at cost less any impairment.  “Unrealised gains and losses” arising from changes in the fair value of 
financial assets classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised 
in the shareholders’ equity as “Other accumulated comprehensive income that will be reclassified in profit or 
loss”, until the related assets are impaired or disposed.  When these financial assets are disposed or impaired, 
the related fair value differences accumulated in the shareholders’ equity are transferred to the income statement.  
Interest and dividends received from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are 
recorded in interest income and dividend income as appropriate. 
Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are calculated by effective 
interest rate method and are accounted for in interest income account.  At the time of sale of a financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income before the maturity, the difference between the profit, which 
is the difference between the cost and sales price of the financial assets, and the interest income accrual are 
accounted under “Profit/losses from capital market transactions”. 
Explanations on impairment of financial assets 
The Bank assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instrument 
assets carried at amortised cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income and with the exposure 
arising from loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts.  The Group recognises a loss allowance for 
such losses at each reporting date.  The measurement of expected credit losses reflects: 
 
An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible 
outcomes; 
 
The time value of money; and 
 
Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting 
date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance: 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost and at 
fair value through other comprehensive income is an area that requires the use of advanced models and 
significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour. 
These financial assets will be divided into three categories depending on the gradual increase in credit risk 
observed since their initial recognition.  Impairment shall be recognised on outstanding amounts in each 
category, as follows: 
 
Stage 1: 
For financial assets at initial recognition or for those that do not have a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition.  Impairment for credit risk will be recorded in the amount of 12-month 
expected credit losses. 
 
Stage 2: 
In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the financial asset will be 
transferred to this category.  Impairment for credit risk will be determined on the basis of the 
instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses.

--- Page 192 ---
173
 
 
 
Stage 3: 
Stage 3 includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.  For 
these assets, lifetime expected credit losses are recognised and interest revenue is calculated on the net 
carrying amount. 
Explanations on obligations related to employee rights 
Employee termination benefits 
Obligations related to severance pay and vacation rights are accounted for in accordance with “Turkish 
Accounting Standard for Employee Rights” (“TAS 19“) and are classified under “Reserve for employee rights” 
account in the balance sheet. 
Under the Turkish Labour Law, the Group is required to pay a specific amount to the employees who have 
retired or whose employment is terminated other than for the reasons specified in the Turkish Labour Law.  The 
reserve for severance pay represents the present value of the estimated total liability for the future probable 
obligation of the Group determined by using certain actuarial assumptions.  Actuarial gains and losses generated 
after January 1, 2013, are accounted for under equity in accordance with the revised “TAS 19- Employee Rights” 
standard. 
Pension rights 
The Bank’s personnel are members of the Yapı ve Kredi Bankasi Anonim Sirketi Mensuplari Yardim ve Emekli 
Sandiği Vakfi (the “Fund”) which was established in accordance with the 20th temporary article of the Social 
Security Law No. 506.  The technical financial statements of the Fund are audited in accordance with the 
Article 38 of the Insurance Supervision Law and the Regulation Regarding the Actuaries” by a registered 
independent actuary. 
Temporary article 23 paragraph one of the Banking Act published in the Official Gazette No 25983 dated 
1 November 2005 stated that foundations like the Fund are to be transferred to the SSI within three years 
beginning from the publication date of the article. 
The article of the Law related to the transfer was cancelled (pursuant to the application by the President on 
2 November 2005) by the decision of the Constitutional Court (decision no:  E.2005/39, K.  2007/33 dated 
22 March 2007) published in the Official Gazette No. 26479 dated 31 March 2007, and the effect of the law 
article was suspended from the date of the publication of the decision. 
The reasoning of the Constitutional Court regarding the abrogation of the corresponding article was published 
in the Official Gazette dated 15 December 2007, No 26372.  With the publication of the reasoning of the 
decision, the Grand National Assembly of Türkiye (“GNAT”) started to work on new legal arrangements 
regarding the transfer of the fund members to SSI and the related articles of the “Law Regarding the Changes 
in Social Insurance and General Health Insurance Law and Other Related Laws and Regulations” No 5754 (the 
“New Law”) regulating the transfer or the funds were approved by the GNAT on 17 April 2008.  The New Law 
was published in the Official Gazette No. 26870 dated 8 May 2008.  With the New Law, the banks’ pension 
funds will be transferred to SSI within three years from the date of publication of the decree and this period can 
be extended for a maximum of two years with the decision of the Council of Ministers.  The transfer period was 
extended for another two years with the decision of the Council of Ministers No. 2011/1559 published in the 
Official Gazette dated 9 April 2011.  According to the “Amendment of Social Insurance and General Health 
Insurance Law No. 6283” published in the Official Gazette dated 8 March 2012, Council of Ministers was 
authorised to increase the two-year extension period mentioned above to four years.  According to the decision 
of the Council of Ministers dated 24 February 2014, the transfer date was set at May 2015.  The Council of 
Ministers was authorised to determine the transfer date of pension funds in accordance with the last amendment 
of provisional article 20, paragraph one of Law No.5510, implemented by Law No. 6645 on Amendment of the 
Occupational Health and Safety Law and Other Laws and Decree Laws published in the Official Gazette No. 
29335 dated 23 April, 2015.  The President was authorised to determine the transfer date of pension funds in 
accordance with the last amendment by the Law No. 30473 published in the Official Gazette dated July 9, 2018. 
A commission is in charge of the calculation of the value of the payment that would need to be made to SSI to 
settle the obligation using a technical interest rate of 9.8% by law taking into consideration income and expenses

--- Page 193 ---
174
 
 
by insurance branches of the funds and the excess of salaries and income paid by the funds over the salaries and 
income to be paid in accordance with the SSI arrangements which should not be less than SSI arrangements, 
related to the members of the Fund as of the date of the transfer including the members who have left the scheme. 
In accordance with the New Law, after the transfer to SSI, any social rights and payments to Fund members and 
their beneficiaries which are not provided although they are included in the Fund Title Deed will continue to be 
provided by the Fund and the employers of the Fund members. 
The Bank accounts for a provision for the technical deficit based on the report prepared by a registered actuary 
in accordance with the rates determined by the New Law. 
Defined contribution plans 
The Bank is required to pay certain contributions to the SSI on behalf of their employees.  Other than these 
payments the Group does not have any further obligation in this respect.  Such premiums are charged to 
personnel expenses when incurred. 
Short term benefits of employee 
In accordance with TAS 19, the Group measures the expected costs of accumulated paid leave as expected 
payments it will make due to unused leave rights as at the end of the reporting date. 
Critical Accounting Estimates 
The Group makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities within the 
next financial year.  Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on management’s 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under 
the circumstances.  Management also makes certain judgments, apart from those involving estimations, in the 
process of applying the accounting policies.  These disclosures supplement the commentary significant 
accounting policies and financial risk management.  Judgments, other than those involving estimations, that 
have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements include: 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows, where those cash flows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest, are measured at amortised cost.  These financial assets are initially recognised at the 
sum of acquisition and transaction cost.  After their initial recognition they are carried at “amortised cost” using 
the “effective interest method”. 
Finance leases and derecognition of financial assets 
Management applies judgment to determine if substantially all of the significant risks and rewards of ownership 
of financial assets and lease assets are transferred to counterparties, in particular which risks and rewards are 
the most significant and what constitutes substantially all risks and rewards. 
Special purpose entities 
Judgment is also required to determine whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and a 
special purpose entity indicates that the special purpose entity is controlled by the Group. 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimating uncertainty at the reporting date, 
that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year are discussed below. 
Impairment of available-for-sale equity investments 
The Group reviews its debt securities classified as available-for-sale investments at each statement of financial 
position, in order to assess whether they are impaired.  This requires similar judgment as applied to the individual 
assessment of loans and receivables. 
The Group determines that available-for-sale equity investments are impaired when there has been a significant 
or prolonged decline in the fair value below its cost.  The determination of what is significant or prolonged

--- Page 194 ---
175
 
 
requires judgment.  In making this judgment the Group evaluates, among other factors, the volatility in share 
price and the duration and extent to which the fair value of an investment is less than its cost.  In addition, 
objective evidence of impairment may be deterioration in the financial health of the investee, industry and sector 
performance, changes in technology, and operational or financing cash flows.  Had all the declines in fair value 
below cost been considered significant or prolonged, the Group would not suffer any additional loss, being the 
transfer of the total debt balance in the fair value reserve to profit or loss. 
Impairment losses on loans and receivables 
TFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” standard, issued by the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards 
Authority and published in the Official Gazette No. 29953 dated January 19, 2017, replaced TAS 39 Financial 
Instruments:  recognition and measurement, for the classification and measurement of financial instruments.  
The new requirements became effective as of 1 January 2018. 
TFRS 9 standard sets out the new principles for the classification and measurement of financial instruments, for 
impairment for credit risk on financial assets and for general hedge accounting.  It is expected that all 
requirements of TAS 39 will be maintained for hedge accounting. 
Fair value of derivatives 
Where valuation techniques (for example, models) are used to determine fair values, they are validated and 
periodically reviewed.  To the extent practical, models use only observable data, however areas such as credit 
risk (both own and counterparty), volatilities and correlations require management to make estimates.  Changes 
in assumptions about these factors could affect reported fair values.  Changing the assumptions not supported 
by observable market data to a reasonably possible alternative would not result in a significantly different profit, 
income, total assets or total liabilities. 
Tax legislation 
Turkish tax, currency and customs legislation is subject to varying interpretations as disclosed in Section three, 
Note XVII to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017. 
Pension Fund 
The Group determines the present value of funded benefit obligations in accordance with the New Law by using 
several critical actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate, mortality rate, and medical costs as disclosed 
in Section three, Note XVI to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017.  
This approach recognises the obligations of the Group to make payments to the SSI in respect of the benefits 
which will be transferred to the SSI rather than an obligation to make benefit payments to individuals. 
Deferred income tax asset recognition 
Deferred income tax assets are recorded to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefit is probable.  The 
future taxable profits and the amount of tax benefits that are probable in the future are based on a medium-term 
business plan prepared by management and extrapolated results thereafter.  The business plan is based on 
management expectations that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Goodwill 
Recoverable amount of goodwill was estimated based on value in use calculation as disclosed in Section three, 
Note XII to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017.

--- Page 195 ---
176
 
 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Except as specifically noted herein, the information presented in this section is derived from the BRSA Financial 
Statements (and the notes thereto).  This section should be read in conjunction with the BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as with “Presentation of Financial and 
Other Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations”. 
All financial information presented in this Base Prospectus is presented in accordance with BRSA Principles 
unless expressed to the contrary. 
Some of the information included in this section of the Prospectus is not extracted from the Bank’s audited 
financial statements and is unaudited.  Such information is derived from the Bank’s internal accounting and 
management information systems (“MIS”) in accordance with the BRSA principles. 
Average Balance Sheet Information and Information on Interest Rates 
The following tables set forth the average consolidated balances of the Group’s interest earning assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities, the interest generated from such assets and liabilities and average return rate at each 
date presented.  For purposes of the following tables, except as otherwise indicated, the average is calculated 
on a daily basis for each representative period and is based on consolidated figures derived from the Group’s 
internal accounting and MIS in accordance with BRSA Principles. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Assets.................................................
Banks ..................................................  
48,333,597 
6,879,475 
28.47 
39,845,017 
1,586,633 
8.55 
25,445,166 
560,608 
4.41 
Loans and receivables.........................
827,011,754
132,052,261
31.93
661,218,031
69,141,269
25.02
380,787,137
37,589,124
19.74
Marketable securities ..........................  
333,488,606 
84,363,783 
50.59 
249,568,643 
58,125,296 
60.95 
105,345,763 
13,207,832 
25.08 
Liabilities...........................................
Deposits ..............................................  
907,190,558 
118,733,607 
26.18 
705,495,439 
32,831,617 
11.67 
342,169,163 
15,475,065 
9.05 
Money markets ...................................
51,838,765
5,987,085
23.10
40,295,030
5,096,328
21.19
43,123,569
6,608,620
30.65
Other funds borrowed(2)..................................... 
200,711,024 
26,931,510 
26.83 
143,467,206 
14,001,017 
21.71 
92,776,015 
8,054,934 
17.36 
_____________ 
(1) 
Average balances are calculated based on the beginning and ending balances over the relevant period. 
(2) 
Includes borrowings and marketable securities. 
Average Interest Earning Assets, Yields, Margins and Spreads 
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio comprises of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income.  Trading securities are acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them 
in the near term or to form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and 
for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit taking. 
The size of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio increased by 20.88% to TL 504,543,966 thousand 
(U.S.$14,786,904 thousand) as of 30 September 2024, compared to TL 417,408,568 thousand (U.S.$14,179,147  
thousand) as of 31 December 2023, which in turn represented an increase of 67.25% compared to TL 
249,568,643 thousand (U.S.$13,347,130 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, which in turn represented an 
increase of 89.23% compared to TL 131,885,976 thousand (U.S.$10,162,664 thousand) as of 31 December 
2021.  The increase for the nine month period ended 30 September 2024 was mainly driven by the accumulation 
of TL fixed rated Turkish government bonds and accruals (i.e., accrued interest resulting from link to CPI, 
payable upon redemption) in the Bank’s CPI-linked Turkish government bond portfolio and foreign currency 
denominated fixed rate Turkish government bonds.  The increase for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022, 
and 2021 were each driven by growth in the CPI-linked bond portfolios. 
In line with the risk management policies of the Group, 75.60% of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio 
comprised financial assets measured at amortised cost as of 30 September 2024, compared to 76.21% as of 31

--- Page 196 ---
177
 
 
December 2023, 75.34% as of 31 December 2022, and 71.87% as of 31 December 2021.  The following table 
sets out an analysis of the composition of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss(1)
3,344,600 
2,277,485
2,270,895
801,654
Net financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
119,767,596 
97,017,989
78,471,491
34,979,510
Net financial assets measured at amortised cost(2)
381,431,770  
318,113,094 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
Total marketable securities portfolio
504,543,966  
417,408,568 
249,568,643 
131,885,976 
_________ 
(1) Includes “Government debt securities” (TL 495,430 thousand, TL 718,268 thousand, and TL 365,229 thousand as of 30 September 
2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, respectively) and “Other financial assets” (TL 2,820,684 thousand, TL 1,522,323 thousand, 
and TL 419,992 thousand as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, respectively) and Share certificates” (TL 28,486 
thousand, TL 36,894 thousand, and TL 1,485,674 thousand as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, as presented in 
the consolidated balance sheets as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
(2) Includes “financial assets measured at amortised cost (net)” (TL 381,431,770 thousand, TL 318,113,094 thousand, and TL 
168,826,257 thousand as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022, respectively), as presented in the consolidated 
balance sheets as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
 
The interest rates on the Group’s Turkish Lira and foreign currency denominated securities ranged between 
48.68% to 53.69% and from 2.62% to 7.56%, respectively, for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 
compared to 15.57% to 30.36% and from 2.71% to 6.27%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 
2023, and 48.68% to 53.69% and from 2.62% to 7.56%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2022.   
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss assets include Government bonds and treasury bills, i.e., 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds, derivatives and also equity 
securities that are either listed or unlisted. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of such assets of the Group as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
Government debt securities
495,430 
718,268
365,229
206,645
Share certificates
28,486 
36,894
1,485,674
305,324
Derivative financial assets held for trading 
-
—
—
—
Other financial assets
2,820,684  
1,522,323 
419,992 
289,685 
Financial assets where fair value change is 
reflected to other comprehensive income 
statement........................................................
3,344,600  
2,277,485 
2,270,895 
801,654 
____________ 
As of 30 September 2024, the size of the Group’s portfolio increased (in TL terms) by 46.85% to TL 3,344,600 
thousand (U.S.$ 98,022 thousand) from TL 2,277,485 thousand (U.S.$77,365 thousand) as of 31 December 
2023.  As of 31 December 2023, the size of the Group’s portfolio increased by 0.29% from TL 2,270,895 
thousand (U.S.$121,449 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, itself a 183.28% increase from TL 801,654 
thousand (U.S.$49,479 thousand) as of 31 December 2021. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are financial assets that are not held for 
trading purposes, nor intended by the Group to be held-to-maturity.  The portfolio of such assets consists of 
Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are discounted and coupon securities issued by the Turkish 
Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds incorporated in Türkiye, CLNs, other bonds issued by domestic 
and foreign financial institutions and equity securities that are either listed or unlisted.

--- Page 197 ---
178
 
 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the portfolio of such assets of the Group as of the 
dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Debt securities ...................................................  
125,217,784  
101,757,174 
79,553,354 
35,457,562 
Quoted on stock exchange...............................
125,213,545 
101,756,131
77,776,653
35,457,562
Not quoted(1)....................................................
4,239 
1,043
1,776,701
—
Share certificates ..............................................  
273,221  
242,543 
139,910 
136,511 
Quoted on stock exchange...............................
4,817 
4,183
2,667
1,851
Not quoted.......................................................
268,404  
238,360
137,243
134,660
Impairment provision (-)(1) ..............................  
5,723,409  
4,981,728 
1,221,773 
796,563 
Other(2) ..............................................................  
 -  
— 
— 
— 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ........................  
119,767,596  
97,017,989 
78,471,491 
34,797,510 
_________ 
(1) The figure includes the negative differences between the cost and the market price of the securities and the impairment provisions, 
if any. 
(2) Other includes mutual funds. 
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed 
maturity that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity.  These include certain debt investments.  
The Group cannot classify any financial asset as held-to-maturity if it has, during the current financial year or 
during the two preceding financial years, sold or transferred financial assets measured at amortised cost before 
maturity. 
The portfolio of the Group consists of Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are purchased at 
discount and coupon securities issued by the Turkish Treasury and foreign government bonds. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
Government bonds .............................................
358,345,467 
302,772,173
163,629,166
91,916,790
Treasury bills ..................................................
-
—
—
—
Other debt securities........................................
23,086,303  
15,340,921 
5,197,091 
4,370,022 
Total 
Financial 
Assets 
Measured 
at 
Amortised Cost..............................................
381,431,770 
318,113,094 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
As of 31 December 2023, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased by 88.43% to TL 318,113,094 
thousand (U.S.$10,806,133 thousand) from TL 168,826,257 thousand (U.S.$9,028,963 thousand) as of 31 
December 2022.

--- Page 198 ---
179
 
 
Maturities of Securities 
The following tables set out the remaining maturities of the Group’s securities based upon the original term to 
maturity (showing lifetime cash flows, which as a result are greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the 
dates indicated: 
As of 30 September 2024 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
1,613,752 
46,894 
88,125 
338,679 
1,257,150 
3,344,600 
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
2,102,718 
10,086,564 
47,319,200 
59,346,837 
912,277 
119,767,596 
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
7,570,824 
37,714,524 
224,496,463 
111,649,959 
(153,436)
381,278,334 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
575,275
40,278
247,444
418,577
995,911
2,277,485
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
725,784
10,474,966
39,607,238
46,011,852
198,149
97,017,989
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
5,887,829
18,594,204
187,552,404
106,078,657
—
318,113,094
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
37,453
20,156
127,463
212,054
1,873,769
2,270,895
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
656,339
10,007,510
36,774,190
30,857,630
175,822
78,471,491
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
934,816
7,598,035
69,400,548
90,892,858
—
168,826,257
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
7,667
5,683
58,396
139,374
590,534
801,654
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
4,733,743
5,445,059
16,332,619
8,195,014
91,075
34,797,510
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
1,479,925
1,876,932
34,554,885
58,375,070
—
96,286,812

--- Page 199 ---
180
 
 
Currency breakdown of marketable securities portfolio 
The following table sets out the currencies of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 September 2024 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
1,655,359 
40,007 
-
1,695,366 
1,649,234 
3,344,600 
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
20,050,951 
1,464,064 
1,591,706 
23,106,721 
96,660,875 
119,767,596 
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
112,492,043 
25,052,778 
-
137,544,821 
243,733,513 
381,278,334 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
1,625,351
26,470
—
1,651,821
625,664
2,277,485
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
29,222,127
218,024
1,494,144
30,934,295
66,083,694
97,017,989
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
98,706,987
20,043,096
—
118,750,083
199,363,011
318,113,094
 
As of 31 December 2022 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
714,743
38,583
—
753,326
1,517,569
2,270,895
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
15,193,758
1,868,486
930,357
17,992,601
60,478,890
78,471,491
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
62,553,614
9,824,178
—
72,377,792
96,448,465
168,826,257
 
As of 31 December 2021 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.....................
433,339
31,478
—
464,817
336,837
801,654
Net financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ..........................................
5,535,496
1,382,415
103,095
7,021,006
27,776,504
34,797,510
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost...............................
40,843,583
7,340,637
—
48,184,220
48,102,592
96,286,812
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loan Portfolio 
Loans and receivables represent the largest component of the Group’s assets.  As of 30 September 2024, total 
loans and receivables amounted to TL 1,274,375,119 thousand (U.S.$ 37,348,704 thousand), which represented 
51.19% of the Group’s total assets compared to TL 951,491,229 thousand (U.S.$32,321,651 thousand), which 
represented 51.06% of the Group’s total assets, as of 31 December 2023, respectively, and TL 624,189,513 
thousand (U.S.$33,382,153 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, which represented 52.71% of the Group’s total

--- Page 200 ---
181
 
 
assets compared to TL 413,658,293 thousand (U.S.$31,875,037 thousand) as of 31 December 2021.  The 
Group’s net loans and receivables for 31 December 2023 increased by 52.44% compared to 31 December 2022. 
The Group provides financing for various purposes, the majority of which are corporate loans and loans to 
SMEs.  However, if demand for longer term financing from existing customers and other high quality corporate 
credits increases, the Group expects the maturity profile of its portfolio to increase further. 
Distribution of Loans and Receivables by Sector 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s performing loan portfolio comprised mainly the following segments:  
Turkish Lira company loans (24%), foreign currency company loans (33%), commercial instalment loans (9%), 
credit cards (25%), general purpose consumer loans (15%) and mortgages (1%).  Foreign currency project 
finance loans make up 28% of the foreign currency loans (with an increase of 1% year-over-year). 
As part of its ongoing lending strategy, the Group intends to focus on smaller loans including in the retail 
segment and selected Turkish Lira loans.  Lending to individuals through consumer loans (including credit 
cards) rose by 33% to TL 523,640,384 thousand year to date as of 30 September 2024, mainly as a continuation 
of its lending strategy of small tickets, compared to TL 394,041,554 thousand as of 31 December 2023, 
compared to TL 222,398,694 thousand as of 31 December 2022 and TL 122,087,480 thousand as of 31 
December 2021. 
The following table sets out the Group’s performing retail and corporate loans by category, including watch list 
customers, as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
Individual loans................................................
Housing..............................................................
16,004,232 
16,735,002
13,847,534
13,991,806
Credit cards ........................................................
271,019,227 
185,617,218
79,162,199
35,714,549
Auto....................................................................
13,387,431 
16,245,226
8,246,884
2,003,643
Other ..................................................................
189,722,267  
140,895,911 
90,268,142 
55,093,620 
Total individual loans.......................................
490,133,157  
359,493,357 
191,524,759 
106,803,618 
Loans to companies (including SMEs)...............  
829,872,093  
633,312,119 
469,693,272 
337,558,901 
Total loans to companies..................................
829,872,093  
633,312,119 
469,693,272 
337,558,901 
Total ..................................................................  
1,320,005,250  
992,805,476 
661,218,031 
444,362,519 
The Bank expects that its primary growth opportunities in its retail segment will be in general purpose loans as 
well as loans to SMEs, which are presently underpenetrated markets in Türkiye compared to Western Europe 
and U.S. markets.  The credit card market is also expected to continue to be a focus area for the Bank, although 
with lower growth as it is a well-developed and relatively more penetrated market.

--- Page 201 ---
182
 
 
Composition by Maturity and Interest Rate 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the maturity profile of the Group’s loan portfolio 
(including NPLs) based upon the original term to maturity (showing lifetime cash flows, which as a result are 
greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
Unclassified........................................................
(5,778,001)
(12,726,955)
(14,762,220)
(10,244,006)
Up to 3 months...................................................
549,593,304 
369,004,188
223,372,691
103,005,594
3 months to 1 year..............................................
413,020,241 
334,189,292
203,001,194
135,476,094
1 year to 5 years .................................................
254,723,698 
202,905,906
168,756,509
145,504,596
Over 5 years .......................................................
62,815,877 
58,118,798 
43,821,339 
40,143,887 
Total loans.........................................................
1,274,375,119 
951,491,229 
624,189,513 
413,886,165 
Composition of Loan Portfolio by Currency 
As of 30 September 2024, foreign currency denominated loans amounted to TL 429,586,532  thousand (U.S.$ 
12,590,092  thousand), or 33.97% of total loans (of which U.S. dollar obligations were the most significant 
portion), compared to  TL 288,809,703 thousand (U.S.$9,810,712 thousand), or 30.48% of total loans (of which 
U.S. dollar obligations were the most significant portion) as of 31 December 2023, compared to TL 199,145,834 
thousand (U.S.$10,650,478 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, compared to TL 182,886,606 thousand as of 31 
December 2021. 
The following table sets out an analysis of the composition of the Group’s cash loan portfolio by currency as of 
the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
TL.......................................................................
844,788,587 
662,681,526
425,043,679
230,999,559
U.S.$ ..................................................................
181,589,164 
134,342,390
95,032,005
84,751,387
Euro....................................................................
223,072,959 
139,138,634
96,274,085
93,347,684
Other ..................................................................
24,924,409 
15,328,679 
7,839,744 
4,787,535 
Total ..................................................................
1,274,375,119 
951,491,229 
624,189,513 
413,886,165 
Foreign currency loans include foreign exchange indexed loans amounting to TL 92,064 thousand as of 30 
September 2024, which have been disclosed as Turkish Lira-denominated loans in the BRSA Financial 
Statements (TL 115,545 thousand as of 31 December 2023). 
Comparison by Loan Classification and Allowances 
The following tables set out a comparison of the Group’s loan portfolio by loan classification and allowances 
as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 2023 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands) 
Standard loans...........................  
446,488,989 
161,695,287 
208,229,437 
31,201,599 
11,858,727 
859,474,039 
Watch list ..................................  
78,977,088 
12,180,852 
11,935,978 
847,295 
802,932 
104,744,145 
Loans under legal follow-up......  
19,351,247 
6,500,634 
2,193,165 
402,132 
140,114 
28,587,292 
Specific provisions (-)...............
12,246,986 
5,503,201 
1,590,788 
276,276 
99,589 
19,716,840 
Total .........................................
532,570,338 
174,873,572 
220,767,792 
32,174,750 
12,702,184 
973,088,636

--- Page 202 ---
183
 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands) 
Standard loans...........................  
318,915,497 
104,081,716 
103,407,456 
19,281,878 
11,805,900 
557,492,447 
Watch list ..................................  
65,208,722 
8,280,844 
6,628,678 
765,372 
575,670 
81,459,286 
Loans under legal follow-up......  
15,598,722 
4,661,054 
1,405,721 
500,903 
99,898 
22,266,298 
Specific provisions (-)...............
10,587,775 
4,284,070 
1,281,113 
367,751 
72,096 
16,592,805 
Total .........................................
389,135,166 
112,739,544 
110,160,742 
20,180,402 
12,409,372 
644,625,226 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands) 
Standard loans...........................  
224,138,811 
65,257,787 
47,538,407 
14,112,911 
5,194,863 
356,242,779 
Watch list ..................................  
56,923,062 
5,831,282 
3,460,004 
887,476 
785,568 
67,887,392 
Loans under legal follow-up......  
15,187,325 
3,025,919 
1,443,364 
437,941 
137,799 
20,232,348 
Specific provisions (-)...............
10,127,194 
2,622,507 
1,272,640 
343,226 
113,574 
14,479,141 
Total .........................................
286,122,004 
71,492,481 
51,169,135 
15,095,102 
6,004,656 
429,883,378 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fair value of collateral 
Collateral mainly comprises the following:  cash funds, deposits, mortgages of real estate at the land registry 
and mortgages of real estate built on allocated land, export documents, guarantees, and acceptances and pledges 
on vehicles.  The following tables show the fair value of collateral under the Group’s watch listed and loans 
under legal follow-up as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 2023 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Watch list
42,290,303
319,802
—
847,295
—
43,457,400
Loans under legal follow-up(1)
7,759,063
103,889
—
402,132
—
8,265,084
Total
50,049,366
423,691
—
1,249,427
—
51,722,484
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Watch list
42,650,060
199,734
11
765,372
-
43,615,177
Loans under legal follow-up(1)
4,847,433
177,922
-
500,903
-
5,526,258
Total
47,497,493
377,656
11
1,266,275
-
49,141,435

--- Page 203 ---
184
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Watch list
34,645,654
313,989
—
887,476
—
35,847,119
Loans under legal follow-up(1)
5,717,111
197,269
23
437,941
—
6,352,344
Total
40,362,765
511,258
23
1,325,417
—
42,199,463
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
____________ 
(1) 
Fair values of collaterals received for non-performing loans are calculated by using hair-cuts over their nominal values in accordance with the 
“Regulation of Procedures for Determination of Qualifications of Loans and Other Receivables by Banks and Provisions to be set aside”. 
Risk 
A description of the Group’s risk management policies is set out in “Risk Management”.  The Group uses an 
internal rating model for the evaluation of credit risk management of its corporate and commercial clients, 
classifying them on a scale of 17 grades.  The following table shows the Bank’s rating tool concentration by 
risk classes as of the dates indicated: 
Rating 
Class(1) 
Concentration level (%) 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Above average..............................................................
1 — 4
46.2
43.6
36.6
Average........................................................................
5+ — 6
41.3
40.7
45.9
Below average..............................................................
7+— 9
12.6
15.7
17.5
_________ 
(1) 
For corporate and commercial clients only. 
Scoring models are also used throughout the granting (underwriting) and monitoring (“RiskMon”) processes 
for consumer loans and the credit card segment.  These models are developed and updated in accordance with 
changes in customer behaviour.  The development of a new application scorecard to evaluate SME customers 
is still in progress.  The new model is expected to categorise clients into 23 rating classes. 
The Group conducted two NPL sales totalling TL 3,047 million in 2023, two totalling TL 1,672 million in 2022, 
none in 2021 and TL 453.8 million in 2020.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-Performing Loan Sales” in the Base Prospectus.  In March 2024, 
the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1,076 million for TL 459.8 million.  In April 2024, the Bank 
resolved to sell non-performing loans amounting in aggregate to TL 1,245 million for a total amount of TL 463 
million. 
In March 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1,076 million for TL 459.8 million.  In April 
2024, the Bank resolved to sell non-performing loans amounting in aggregate to TL 1,245 million for a total 
amount of TL 463 million. 
In June 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1.2 billion for TL 463 million. 
In August 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1.9 billion for TL 715 million.   
In November 2024, the Bank sold NPLs in the aggregate amount of approximately TL 1.7 billion for TL 421.1 
million. 
Sources of Funding 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s major sources of funds for its lending and investment activities were 
deposits (accounting for 67.48% of total funding) and, to a lesser extent, funds borrowed (accounting for 14.96% 
of total funding), and money markets (net) (accounting for 10.71% of total funding).

--- Page 204 ---
185
 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s major sources of funds for its lending and investment activities were 
deposits (accounting for 75.58% of total funding) and, to a lesser extent, funds borrowed (accounting for 13.49% 
of total funding), and marketable securities issued (net) (accounting for 6.61% of total funding), compared to 
75.97%, 14.38% and 5.31%, respectively as of 31 December 2022.  The following table sets out the Group’s 
sources of funding as of the dates indicated: 
The following table sets out the Group’s sources of funding as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
% 
2023 
% 
2022 
% 
2021 
% 
 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Deposits...............................................
1,369,722,400 
67.48
1,108,885,676
75.58
705,495,439
75.97
419,928,058
66.68
Funds borrowed including subordinated 
loans ...............................................
303,689,725 
14.96
197,880,982
13.49
133,504,630
14.38
112,363,963
17.84
Money markets ....................................  
217,412,032  
10.71 
63,382,500 
4.32 
40,295,030 
4.34 
55,886,473 
8.87 
Marketable securities issued (net) ........  
139,123,533  
6.85 
97,039,999 
6.61 
49,350,808 
5.31 
41,577,011 
6.60 
Total ...................................................
2,029,947,690  
100.00 
1,467,189,157 
100.00 
928,645,907 
100.00 
629,755,505 
100.00 
The availability of such funds is influenced by factors such as prevailing interest rates, market conditions and 
the existing level of competition. 
In January 2023, the Bank repaid U.S.$585 million loan granted by UniCredit Bank Austria AG on 9 January 
2013 with a maturity of 10 years (callable after five years).  
Deposits 
Deposits consist of customer demand and time deposits.  Customer current accounts generally bear no interest 
and can be withdrawn upon demand.  For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of 
accounts offered by the Group.  Deposits comprise local deposits, foreign currency deposits, savings, and 
commercial deposits.  Deposit growth in the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to 31 December 2022 
was mainly driven by growth in Turkish Lira-denominated deposits and nominal increases in foreign currency 
deposits due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira.  The following tables set out the maturity structure of the 
Group’s deposits/collected funds (in Turkish Lira, thousands): 
As of 30 September 2024 
 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ..................................
130,458,727 
11,686,021 
214,331,127 
115,551,454 
34,563,988 
8,636,368 
113 
515,227,798 
Foreign currency deposits ....................  
288,606,042  
43,339,313  
63,532,422  
16,696,108  
14,872,073  
17,370,233  
 -  
444,416,191  
Residents in Türkiye ............................
252,681,166 
35,908,345 
58,506,081 
9,706,341 
3,608,305 
1,677,190 
-
362,087,428 
Residents abroad ..................................  
35,924,876  
7,430,968  
5,026,341  
6,989,767  
11,263,768  
15,693,043  
 -  
82,328,763  
Public sector deposits...........................
18,443,727 
2,506,874 
174,799 
6,777 
2,043 
-
-
21,134,220 
Commercial deposits ............................  
53,398,156  
27,797,210  
125,199,737  
20,531,110  
13,414,472  
2,952,256  
 -  
243,292,941  
Other institutions deposits....................
1,482,422 
1,316,869 
5,535,446 
981,771 
554,205 
103 
-
9,870,816 
Precious metals vault ...........................  
102,695,045  
 -  
8,709,624  
 -  
1,434,624  
275,834  
 -  
113,115,127  
Bank deposits.......................................
2,911,546 
2,238,288 
6,818,995 
3,336,391 
5,557,482 
1,802,605 
-
22,665,307 
The CBRT ...........................................  
1,831,530  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
1,831,530  
Domestic banks....................................
19,105 
1,354,996 
2,617,430 
3,336,391 
5,557,482 
1,802,605 
-
14,688,009 
Foreign banks ......................................  
837,272  
883,292  
4,201,565  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
5,922,129  
Participation banks...............................
223,639 
-
-
-
-
-
-
223,639 
Other ...................................................
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total ...................................................  
597,995,665 
88,884,575  
424,302,150  
157,103,611  
70,398,887  
31,037,399  
113  
1,369,722,400  
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ..................................  
71,511,573 
12,327,501 
180,557,819 
67,064,162 
63,658,295 
4,046,974 
189 
399,166,513 
Foreign currency deposits ....................
256,921,928
46,294,507
56,538,991
9,577,938
10,072,916
12,503,350
—
391,909,630
Residents in Türkiye ............................  
228,614,999 
36,860,459 
49,196,792 
5,996,874 
1,815,433 
860,103 
— 
323,344,660 
Residents abroad..................................
28,306,929
9,434,048
7,342,199
3,581,064
8,257,483
11,643,247
—
68,564,970
Public sector deposits ...........................  
5,846,024 
3,115,835 
119,870 
18,835 
1,508 
 
— 
9,102,072 
Commercial deposits............................
53,894,753
23,519,689
76,366,803
17,454,437
27,091,967
2,032,242
—
200,359,891
Other institutions deposits ....................  
755,091 
919,243 
4,980,443 
1,066,252 
521,736 
169 
— 
8,242,934 
Precious metals vault ...........................
64,458,794
—
1,854,413
—
1,070,896
203,323
—
67,587,426
Bank deposits.......................................  
1,142,440 
6,681,561 
13,579,519 
4,878,101 
5,732,620 
502,969 
— 
32,517,210 
The CBRT ...........................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Domestic banks....................................  
56,021 
6,626,558 
1,264,438 
4,878,101 
5,732,620 
502,969 
— 
19,060,707 
Foreign banks ......................................
626,041
55,003
12,315,081
—
—
—
—
12,996,125
Participation banks ...............................  
460,378 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
460,378 
Other ...................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................................... 
454,530,603 
92,858,336 
333,997,858 
100,059,725 
108,149,938 
19,289,027 
189 
1,108,885,676

--- Page 205 ---
186
 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ..................................  
48,659,040 
5,628,551 
147,023,414 
7,064,785 
735,023 
4,350,934 
472 
213,462,219 
Foreign currency deposits ....................
160,693,649
41,185,234
64,999,846
5,990,576
4,360,361
7,116,769
—
284,346,435
Residents in Türkiye ............................  
146,810,112 
33,935,416 
62,220,315 
4,783,271 
1,932,781 
1,135,962 
— 
250,817,857 
Residents abroad..................................
13,883,537
7,249,818
2,779,531
1,207,305
2,427,580
5,980,807
—
33,528,578
Public sector deposits ...........................  
1,073,991 
1,812,672 
106,067 
3,730 
— 
— 
— 
2,996,460 
Commercial deposits............................
42,934,974
28,267,542
63,925,448
13,448,552
109,747
7,225,835
—
155,912,098
Other institutions deposits ....................  
340,198 
606,623 
3,278,473 
414,220 
722 
13,487 
— 
4,653,723 
Precious metals vault ...........................
31,226,726
—
1,125,635
—
1,152,310
132,437
—
33,637,108
Bank deposits.......................................  
1,325,315 
2,286,606 
1,710,701 
3,042,361 
1,955,815 
166,598 
— 
10,487,396 
The CBRT ...........................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Domestic banks....................................  
4,348 
2,154,596 
887,874 
3,042,361 
1,955,815 
166,598 
— 
8,211,592 
Foreign banks ......................................
561,811
132,010
822,827
—
—
—
—
1,516,648
Participation banks ...............................  
759,156 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
759,156 
Other ...................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
- 
Total ................................................... 
286,253,893 
79,787,228 
282,169,584 
29,964,224 
8,313,978 
19,006,060 
472 
705,495,439 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Demand 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ..................................  
22,116,407 
4,200,415 
47,951,379 
912,374 
217,581 
481,799 
688 
75,880,643 
Foreign currency deposits ....................
118,653,305
30,876,917
82,217,111
9,630,737
4,662,277
4,634,886
—
250,675,233
Residents in Türkiye ............................  
108,343,972 
28,245,189 
77,745,954 
8,826,800 
1,853,900 
1,097,109 
— 
226,112,924 
Residents abroad..................................
10,309,333
2,631,728
4,471,157
803,937
2,808,377
3,537,777
—
24,562,309
Public sector deposits ...........................  
1,832,847 
9,106 
38,455 
21,947 
131 
41 
— 
1,902,527 
Commercial deposits............................
14,035,320
19,744,903
25,198,224
117,320
696,524
27,873
—
59,820,164
Other institutions deposits ....................  
201,166 
237,363 
1,728,377 
24,270 
67,643 
255,287 
— 
2,514,106 
Precious metals vault ...........................
20,180,484
—
416,447
—
1,332,472
68,645
—
21,998,048
Bank deposits.......................................  
1,783,052 
2,626,143 
488,047 
1,228,300 
924,793 
87,002 
— 
7,137,337 
The CBRT ...........................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Domestic banks....................................  
7,055 
2,579,646 
472,761 
1,228,300 
924,793 
87,002 
— 
5,299,557 
Foreign banks ......................................
784,602
46,497
15,286
—
—
—
—
846,385
Participation banks ...............................  
991,395 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
991,395 
Other ...................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ...................................................  
178,802,581 
57,694,847 
158,038,040 
11,934,948 
7,901,421 
5,555,533 
688 
419,928,058 
As of 30 September 2024, the weighted average interest rate on Turkish Lira-denominated time deposit accounts 
offered by the Group to customers was 31.89%, while the interest rate paid on both euro and U.S. dollar 
denominated time deposits was 0.95% and 0.96%, respectively. 
As of 31 December 2023, the weighted average interest rate on Turkish Lira-denominated time deposit accounts 
offered by the Group to customers was 19.03%, while the interest rate paid on both euro and U.S. dollar 
denominated time deposits was 0.78% and 0.82%, respectively. 
The following table sets out the currency basis analysis of the deposits/collected funds (including interest 
expense accruals for all deposits) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
TL.......................................................................
809,572,612 
638,781,576
385,622,097
145,690,033
U.S.$ ..................................................................
219,656,670 
208,505,507
171,290,340
155,677,058
Euro....................................................................
209,397,285 
175,961,972
106,190,294
90,644,105
Other ..................................................................
131,095,833 
85,636,621 
42,392,708 
27,916,862 
Total ..................................................................
1,369,722,400 
1,108,885,676 
705,495,439 
419,928,058 
 
Other Borrowed Funds 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s other borrowed funds as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
Central Bank ............................................  
 -  
 -  
 
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
From domestic banks and institutions.......
10,175,482 
16,827,463 
11,757,504
10,615,941
10,069,627
7,015,365
4,860,180
6,250,190
From foreign banks, institutions and funds
42,873,892  
175,119,484  
660,191 
138,001,207 
949,471 
76,081,935 
748,055 
61,063,539 
Total .......................................................  
53,049,374  
191,946,947  
12,417,695 
148,617,148 
11,019,098 
83,097,300 
5,608,235 
67,313,729

--- Page 206 ---
187
 
 
The following table sets out the maturity profile of the Group’s borrowings over expected cash flows (showing 
lifetime cash flows, which as a result are greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
Short-term.............................................. 
51,293,043  
37,744,671  
9,920,235 
30,605,554 
9,608,706 
21,306,245 
4,037,994 
12,305,909 
Medium and Long-term ......................... 
1,756,331  
154,202,276  
2,497,460 
118,011,594 
1,410,392 
61,791,055 
1,570,241 
55,007,820 
Total ..................................................... 
53,049,374  
191,946,947  
12,417,695 
148,617,148 
11,019,098 
83,097,300 
5,608,235 
67,313,729 
 
The Group has entered into a number of Turkish Lira/Turkish Lira and foreign currency financings with banks 
and other financial institutions, which have an average maturity of 12 months. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Group had borrowings of TL 244,996,321 thousand, compared to TL 161,034,843 
thousand as of 31 December 2023. 
Marketable Securities Issued (Net) 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s marketable securities issued net as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
(TL, thousands)
Bills .........................................................  
12,387,013  
27,199,979  
10,221,955 
10,933,847 
11,280,086 
2,031,595 
7,168,860 
— 
Asset backed securities ............................
-
18,066,911 
—
16,325,139
—
4,940,364
—
5,998,334
Bonds ......................................................
328,579  
81,141,051  
402,929 
59,156,129 
665,581 
30,433,182 
1,396,623 
27,013,194 
Total .......................................................  
12,715,592  
126,407,941  
10,624,884 
86,415,115 
11,945,667 
37,405,141 
8,565,483 
33,011,528 
 
Derivatives 
The Group also enters into interest rate and foreign exchange swap and future contracts, which are agreements 
to hedge its interest rate and foreign currency exposure risk.  The following tables set out certain information 
on consolidated options, futures and swaps as of the dates indicated, prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Types of derivative transactions
Foreign currency related derivative transactions.
607,650,520 
605,454,301
419,094,074
233,459,862
FC trading forward transactions ............................
82,271,117 
50,297,878
30,739,505
26,393,227
Trading swap transactions.....................................
459,141,152 
524,028,470
279,037,373
196,878,663
Futures transactions...............................................
26,447,284 
7,475,390
2,520,247
1,135,020
Trading option transactions ...................................
39,790,967 
23,652,563 
106,796,949 
9,052,952 
Interest related derivative transactions.................
715,863,735 
505,199,409 
249,210,542 
236,085,173 
Forward interest transactions.................................
-
—
—
—
Interest rate swaps.................................................
694,333,778 
500,965,348
244,236,022
231,543,920
Interest rate options...............................................
21,529,957 
4,234,061
4,974,520
4,541,253
Interest rate futures................................................
 -  
— 
— 
— 
Other trading derivative transactions ...................
267,264,576 
214,035,638 
97,258,538 
86,902,870 
Total trading derivative transactions ....................
1,590,778,831 
1,324,689,348 
765,563,154 
556,447,905 
Types of hedging derivative transactions..................
-
—
—
—
Transactions for fair value hedge...........................
4,869,602 
4,329,397
5,017,677
3,503,800
Cash flow hedges ..................................................
41,917,849 
81,581,421
117,782,458
110,955,171
Transactions for foreign net investment hedge......
 -  
— 
— 
— 
Total hedging related derivatives.......................
46,787,451 
85,910,818 
122,800,135 
114,458,971 
Total derivative transactions ..............................
1,637,566,282 
1,410,600,166 
888,363,289 
670,906,876

--- Page 207 ---
188
 
 
BUSINESS OF THE BANK 
Overview 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full-service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Türkiye.  It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking Law 
and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 September 
2024, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets and ranked fourth among private 
banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 15.9% 
market share among private banks and an 8.4% market share in the overall banking sector (compared with a 
market share of 8.1% as of 31 December 2023, 8.2% as of 31 December 2022 and 8.3% as of 31 December 
2021), and fourth among private banks in total deposits with a 14.4% market share (compared with a market 
share of 14.3% as of 31 December 2023, 15.2% as of 31 December 2022 and 14.3% as of 31 December 2021).  
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had 773 branches covering all regions of Türkiye (which includes one 
branch in Bahrain).  It maintains market leading positions in key segments and products supported by its strong 
franchise, large network and leading brand.  The Group is organised into three segments: (i) retail banking, 
(ii) corporate and commercial banking and (iii) private banking and wealth management.  The Bank’s service 
model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries.  The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa 
Istanbul. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank held a 19.2% market share among private banks in credit card outstanding 
volume according to the BRSA statistics.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank also had strong positions in 
mutual funds (with a 8.9% market share), and non-cash loans (among private banks the Bank held a 20% market 
share, as of 30 September 2024, according to the BRSA statistics). 
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking. In line with the Bank’s small-ticket focused strategy, the 
shares of retail loans (including of SMEs) reached 54% as of the nine months ended 30 September 2024.  Retail 
banking products and services offered to customers include card payment systems, consumer loans (including 
general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), commercial installment loans, SME loans, SME banking 
packages, time and demand deposits, gold banking, investment accounts, life and non-life insurance products 
and payroll services.  In addition, the Bank offers privileges to customers who receive their monthly salary or 
social security institution (“SSI”) payments through the Bank.  Card payment systems includes the management 
of products, services, campaigns for member merchants as well as the sales and activities for a variety of 
customer types.  The Bank’s “World” brand and shopping and marketing platform of the Bank includes card 
brands known as “Crystal”, “Play”, “Adios” and “Taksitçi” that provide services for the Bank’s different 
segments.  Through its private banking activities, the Bank serves high net worth customers and delivers 
investment products to this customer segment.  Among the products and services offered to Private Banking 
customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products—such as forwards, futures and 
options—in domestic and international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, 
pension plans, insurance products and 7/24 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services.  Also, personal advisory 
services (for example, with respect to art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) are offered 
within the private banking and wealth management activities.  Customers are also provided with investment 
advisory and portfolio management services through the Group’s portfolio management and brokerage 
subsidiaries. 
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for its own account and for 
the account of its customers. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye (third largest among private 
banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 773 branches spread throughout Türkiye, including 
one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.2% market share of branches in overall banking sector).

--- Page 208 ---
189
 
 
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of Limitless 
Banking channels including 5,427 automatic teller machines (“ATMs”), 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs 
with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye, achieving a 10.1% market share 
according to the Interbank Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 14.4 million customers as of 30 
September 2024, a leading position in mobile banking with 14.2 million customers as of 30 September 2024, as 
well as three award winning call centres, according to the Turkish Banking Association.  See “—Distribution—
Limitless Banking”.   
As of 30 September 2024, the Group had 15,827 employees, of which 14,911 were employees of the Bank 
(representing 7.9% market share).  This compares to 15,954, 16,339 and 16,313 employees as of 31 December 
2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 respectively, of which 15,009, 15,431 and 15,452 were 
employees of the Bank.  Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, 
Azerbaijan and a branch in Bahrain.  The Group had total assets of TL 2,489.8 billion (U.S.$ 72.9 billion) as of 
30 September 2024, compared with TL 1,863.3 billion as of 31 December 2023, TL 1,184.2 billion as of 31 
December 2022 and TL 780.8 billion as of 31 December 2021. 
According to the consolidated Interim BRSA Financial Statements for the nine-month period ended 30 
September 2024, the Group had gross profit from operating activities of TL 107,860 million (U.S.$3,347 
million) compared to TL 156,639 million (U.S.$6,588 million) for the year ended 31 December 2023 (restated 
to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis).  For the period ended 30 September 
2024, the Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 52.4% and operating cost growth was 77.3% year-over-year, 
compared to 30.8% and 106%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2023 (restated to report reversals 
of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis).  For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s 
costs divided by average assets ratio was 3.2% versus 2.4% as of 31 December 2022.  The Group’s fees divided 
by operating costs ratio reached 78.2% in the year ended 31 December 2023 versus 66.5% as of 31 December 
2022.  The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth.  A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class 
profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
The Group’s net profit was TL 22,407 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 16.4% 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, compared with TL 68,010 million and 45.1% for the year ended 
31 December 2023, TL 52,745 million and 56.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022 and TL 10,490 million 
and 19.6% for the year ended 31 December 2021.  The banking sector’s return on average tangible shareholders’ 
equity was 24.8%, 34.1%, 40.2% and 14.0% for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022, and 31 December 2021, respectively, according to data from the BRSA’s 
monthly bulletin.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group’s return on assets ratio was at 1.4%, compared to 4.5% 
as of 31 December 2023, 5.4% as of 31 December 2022 and 1.7% as of 31 December 2021. 
As of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 17.7% (or 15.8% without Temporary Forbearances), 20.3%, 21.3% and 18.7%, respectively, 
on a Bank-only basis (in this paragraph, figures for 31 December 2022 and thereafter are presented taking into 
account the impact of Temporary Forbearances, except where stated otherwise).  As of 30 September 2024, 31, 
December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Bank’s common equity tier-1 ratio was 13.7% 
(or 12.0% without Temporary Forbearances), 16.6%, 17.5% and 13.8%, respectively, on a Bank-only basis.  On 
a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 16.7% (or 14.8% without Temporary 
Forbearances), 19.1%, and 19.9% and 17.6% as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021, respectively, while common equity Tier-1 ratios were 12.9% (or 11.2% without 
Temporary Forbearances), 15.6%, 16.3% and 13.02% as of the same dates.  The banking sector’s capital 
adequacy ratios stood at 17.7%, 18.4%, 19.2%, and 18.1% as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, respectively. 
Key Competitive Advantages 
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages that enable it to 
compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including:

--- Page 209 ---
190
 
 
Leading market positions in key segments and products. 
 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, the Bank 
is the third largest privately owned bank in Türkiye by assets. 
Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet. 
 
The Group has total assets that incorporate a high proportion of performing loans (49.2% as of 30 
September 2024) and a lower proportion of securities (20.3% as of 30 September 2024). 
The Group continues to aim to reduce the concentration in lending and deposits and spread out with 
smaller balances.  The Group is focused on improving its loan book mix towards more value generating 
areas.  In this respect the Bank seeks to maintain balanced growth between lower value lending, and 
larger (corporate and commercial) lending on its loan book. 
Large network and leading brand. 
 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had 773 branches (which includes one branch in Bahrain, but 
excluding its international presence through the Group’s overseas subsidiaries; the Group had 806 
branches including its international presence). As of 30 September 2024, the Group had a solid 
distribution platform, including the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye according to the Turkish 
Banking Association, with a market share of 8.2% (as compared to 8.2% as of 31 December 2023, 8.3% 
as of 31 December 2022, and 8.2% as of 31 December 2021).  As of 30 September 2024, the Group had 
innovative Limitless Banking channels including 5,459 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs 
with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye with an 10.6% market share 
according to the Interbank Card Center (“BKM”) (10.3% as of 31 December 2023, 9.5% as of 31 
December 2022, and 9.2% as of 31 December 2021).  Digital banking with 14.3 million active 
customers, a leading position in mobile banking with 14.2 million active customers according to the 
Turkish Banking Association as of 30 September 2024, as well as three award winning call centres.  
The Group’s share of main banking products sold through digital platforms is 69% as of 30 September 
2024. 
Strong commitment to risk management. 
 
The Group has a conservative risk management strategy with solid credit risk infrastructure, 
underwriting and monitoring systems.  The Group avoids speculative open foreign exchange positions 
and maintains liquidity ratios well above the regulatory levels.  As of 30 September 2024, 31 December 
2023, 31 December 2022, and 31 December 2021, the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio according to the 
BRSA statistics was 17.7% (or 16.8% without Temporary Forbearances), 20.3%, 21.3%, and 18.7% 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group had limited intragroup 
exposure, at 12.3% of its capital, as compared with the 20% regulatory limit.  The Group’s loan book 
is diversified, with its top 20 loans amounting to only 11.1% of its loan book as of 30 September 2024. 
Diversified, high quality revenue mix. 
 
The Group believes it has a sustainable revenue base, with a high share of fees in total revenues 
amounting to 52% for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, and that it has the capacity to 
effectively manage loan deposit spread through dynamic pricing.  The Group aims to reduce its 
concentration in lending and deposits, spreading out with smaller tickets, and focus on transaction 
banking in commission generation. 
Strong and committed significant shareholder. 
 
Koç Group is the Group’s largest shareholder, holding a 61.17% interest in the Group.  The Koç Group, 
established in 1926, is the largest conglomerate in Türkiye.  It has strong positions in the energy, 
automotive and finance sectors in Türkiye as well as in consumer durables both domestically and 
internationally, enabling potential synergies with the Group.  As of 30 September 2024, the Group had 
limited intragroup exposure, at 12.3% of its capital, as compared with the regulatory limit of 20%.

--- Page 210 ---
191
 
 
Strategy 
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its mission is to ensure 
long-term sustainable growth and value creation for all stakeholders and to become the first choice for customers 
and employees. 
Principles 
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles: 
Healthy and consistent growth 
 
Focus on core banking activities, growth in value generating segments and products, continuous 
improvement in commercial effectiveness, expansion of market presence and funding diversification to 
sustain long-term performance. 
Strong and sustainable profitability 
 
Address specific customer needs via segment-based service model, optimise cost to serve to improve 
competitiveness and maintain effective cost, risk and capital management. 
Superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction 
 
Enhance an easy-to work with approach through continuous investments in technology and delivery 
channels while maintaining focus on innovation, employee satisfaction and loyalty. 
Key strategic objectives 
The Bank aims to achieve a sustainable performance through sustained customer-orientation.  The Bank expects 
to continue its strong performance through the following key long-term strategic pillars: 
Growth and Commercial Effectiveness 
 
Value-generating loan growth with a focus on general purpose loans, mortgages and SMEs in retail 
lending, together with selective growth in corporate/commercial lending with a focus on higher yielding 
mid-commercial and project finance. 
 
Improvements in efficiency and cost containment alongside significant investments. 
 
Fee generation and customer penetration through continued focus on retail business and cross-selling. 
Funding and Capital 
 
Emphasis on further strengthening deposit base and diversifying funding sources. 
 
Effective loan/deposit ratio management. 
 
Efficient capital utilisation with a focus on targeted growth in value generating segments and capital 
strengthening actions. 
Efficiency and Cost Optimisation 
 
Disciplined cost approach and lower cost to serve. 
 
Optimisation of physical presence. 
 
Multi-channel approach and continuation of investments in growth initiatives with increased 
development of Limitless Banking channels as sales channels. 
Risk Management 
 
Dynamic and proactive portfolio management. 
 
Investments/enhancements to maintain cost of risk through the cycle levels.

--- Page 211 ---
192
 
 
 
Early collections via capacity increase. 
 
Continuous enhancements of risks systems, especially in consumer and SME segments. 
 
Further improvements in quality of new loan generation. 
Sustainability 
 
Customer/employee satisfaction and loyalty. 
 
Investments in technology and innovation. 
 
Enhance easy to work with approach. 
 
Acceleration of customer acquisition, penetration and activation. 
Business Plan 
The Bank’s strategy is to be a customer centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth and achieving best-in-class profitability, backed by a 
strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns.  The Bank is targeting strategic 
goals that build upon its existing business strategy to achieve an improvement in return on assets and return on 
average tangible shareholder’s equity. 
Strengthen and optimise its capital position 
The Bank has targeted a 200 basis-points CET1 ratio buffer over the regulatory limits as a medium term goal to 
sufficiently strengthen its capital position to permit dividend payments while maintaining a sufficient capital 
buffer, primarily based on the execution of the Capital Strengthening Plan that was approved by the Bank’s 
Board of Directors on 26 April 2018 (the “Capital Strengthening Plan”).  The Capital Strengthening Plan 
included two components: 
 
A domestic rights issue at nominal value, without restricting the statutory pre-emption rights of its 
existing shareholders, in the amount of TL 4,100,000 thousand, which increased its issued share capital 
by 94.31680%, from TL 4,347,051 thousand to TL 8,447,051 thousand.  The domestic rights issue was 
completed and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry on 29 June 2018. 
 
An issuance of Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Notes eligible for inclusion as 
Additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank.  For a description of regulatory requirements in relation to 
Additional Tier 1 capital requirements, see “Turkish Regulatory Environment”. 
On 30 April 2018, as part of the Capital Strengthening Plan, the Bank requested approval from the relevant 
authorities for a paid-in share capital increase, which was completed on 29 June 2018.  As a result, the Bank’s 
new issued share capital reached TL 8,447,051 thousand.  The domestic rights issue was 94.3% subscribed. 
In January 2019, the Bank raised U.S.$650 million worth of additional Tier 1 capital.  The transaction marked 
the first time additional Tier 1 capital was raised by a Turkish deposit bank through the issuance of USD-
denominated bonds with market participation.  The additional Tier 1 capital issuance, which is callable once 
every 5 years, was conducted in the international markets and also with the participation of Koç Holding and 
UniCredit S.p.A.  The coupon rate for the transaction was set at 13.87%. 
The two transactions both confirmed the confidence of main shareholders and international investors in the 
Bank as well as strengthening the Bank’s capital structure as was the aim of the Capital Strengthening Plan 
announced in 2018.  The Bank has completed the Capital Strengthening Plan. 
Sustainable revenue generation by rebalancing business mix 
The Bank targets sustainable revenue generation through the rebalancing of the Bank’s business portfolio.  In 
relation to this target, the Bank is undertaking a number of strategic and operational steps: 
 
focusing on small ticket and higher value generating segments and products, with a focus on individuals 
and SMEs (including both loan and deposit initiatives, such as introducing individual consumer pricing,

--- Page 212 ---
193
 
 
growing the number of payroll customers and targeting sub-segments within the SME sector).  The 
Bank targets an increase in small ticket demand and individual deposits in order to control funding 
costs.  In turn, the Bank also seeks to limit risk in its corporate portfolio by reducing concentration by 
borrower and sector, 
 
increasing the Bank’s transactional banking and payment systems to strengthen fees by continuing to 
focus on growing all elements of the Bank’s existing fee revenue streams (including both banking and 
non-banking services), and 
 
increasing the Bank’s house-bank customer penetration together with ongoing new customer 
acquisition. 
Efficiency gains by streamlining operations. 
Furthermore, the Bank is expecting to continue with a balanced approach in terms of revenues and cost 
management.  In order to achieve its cost targets, as well as the above-mentioned revenue and profitability 
targets, the Bank is undertaking a number of operation improvements, including: 
 
continuing its investment in digital transformation, which would involve increasing IT investments 
through 2020 to offer most of the Bank’s products via digital channels and further increase the number 
of customers and transactions using digital channels; 
 
streamlining its operations with process automation and centralisation where feasible; and 
 
improving operational processes through service-channel improvements through a new central service 
model for mass and micro customers with dedicated relationship managers for higher-value consumer 
and corporate customers. 
As a result of these investments and initiatives, the Bank seeks to significantly improve its loan per branch, loan 
per employee, deposits per branch and deposits per employee. 
Asset quality optimisation 
The Bank is expecting to reduce its total cost of risk through a combination of operational improvements and 
asset quality optimisation, including the following: 
 
improving its underwriting approach for its customers and products (which involve automating 
individual and micro SME customers while tailoring underwriting for larger loans), 
 
centralising risk monitoring and improving the Bank’s collection processes (including further sub-
segmentation of customer segments less than 90 days overdue and introducing additional KPIs), and 
 
actively managing its non-performing loan stock (with a continuing focus on NPL loan sales where 
appropriate as well a broader range of restructuring options). 
The Business Plan (as defined above) includes, inter alia, targets and objectives in respect of most of the 
consolidated and divisional economic line items and indicators of the Bank’s financial statements as well as 
statements with respect to its strategic goals and objectives.  Although the Bank believes that the assumptions 
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it does not provide any assurance with respect to 
such statements.  The preparation of the Business Plan is based upon, inter alia, certain assumptions concerning 
future events that management expects to occur, and the actions management intends to take once the Business 
Plan is implemented.  Such events and actions may not actually be realised, as they depend substantially on 
variables that management cannot control, and may involve situations that management cannot predict.  As a 
result the targets and objectives in the Business Plan, and the assumptions underlying those targets and 
objectives, are by definition uncertain and actual results or events may differ materially from and be more 
negative than those that are implied in the targets and objectives. 
Data used in the Business Plan are based on assumptions regarding the Bank’s operations and results that are 
based on its current expectations regarding future events and are therefore subject to significant uncertainties 
that could cause the Bank’s actual results to differ.  These uncertainties include, inter alia, the Bank’s ability 
to grow in terms of operating profit and net profit and to carry out investments and other transaction provided

--- Page 213 ---
194
 
 
for in the Business Plan, the assumptions about trends in macroeconomic indicators, political and regulatory 
developments and other objectives and targets in the Business Plan.  Should any of these uncertainties be 
realised or any of the key assumptions prove to be inaccurate, the Bank’s actual results or events would likely 
differ materially from those expressed or implied in the targets and objectives.  Further, the targets in the 
Business Plan exclude any possible impact from TFRS 16 which has been in force as of 1 January 2019 and the 
expected results assume the successful completion of the issuance of the Notes.  In addition, the targets and 
objectives were derived in a modelling process based on certain further underlying assumptions, which may 
prove to be incorrect.  Hence, there can be no assurance that the targets and objectives will eventually prove 
to be accurate and prospective investors should be aware that a number of factors, including factors beyond 
the Bank’s control, might render achieving the targets and objectives set forth in the Business Plan difficult or 
impossible.  You should not place undue reliance on the targets and objectives, which speak only as of the date 
that they were made. 
These cautionary statements should be considered in connection with any written or oral forward-looking 
statements that the Bank may issue in the future.  The Bank does not undertake any obligation to release publicly 
any revisions to such forward-looking statements after the date hereof to reflect later events or circumstances 
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
History 
The Bank in its present form results from the merger of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.  and Koçbank in 2006.  
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.  was established on 7 July 1944 as Türkiye’s first retail focused privately owned 
bank with a nationwide presence, and management believes it has played a pioneering role in the banking sector.  
Since its origins, the Bank has maintained a strong reputation in the banking sector leveraging on its 
customer-centric approach, dedication to innovation and contribution to the development of the financial sector 
in Türkiye. 
The following are a number of notable landmarks in the Bank’s history: 
 
1940s-1950s:  The Bank gained a strong position as Türkiye’s first retail-focused private bank with a 
nationwide presence. 
 
1960s:  Introduced computerisation to the Turkish banking sector and played a pioneering role in 
developing long term project finance lending. 
 
1970s:  Led the way in the development of financial and international subsidiaries and became the first 
bank to be authorised to hold a foreign currency position in Türkiye. 
 
1980s:  Introduced individual loans, credit cards, debit cards, ATMs and online banking systems; laid 
the foundations for today’s corporate banking; established the first Turkish offshore bank in the Middle 
East and became the first Turkish bank to issue bonds and certificates in the international capital 
markets. 
 
1990s:  Initiated the first telephone banking service, introduced an advanced credit card infrastructure 
with loyalty point awards and instalments and was the first bank in Türkiye to receive the ISO 9001 
quality certification.  In addition, the Bank developed its services infrastructure and modernised its 
corporate structure, human resources, education systems and market strategies to better suit the 
requirements of an increasingly technology driven environment. 
 
2000s:  Successfully completed its merger with Koçbank in October 2006, the largest merger in the 
Turkish banking sector, creating a strong retail franchise. 
 
2010s: Implemented a growth-oriented investment strategy focused on increasing headcount and 
number of branches and ATMs. Strategy involved increased headcount by over 2,500, opening more 
than 75 new branches and installing nearly 1,200 new ATMs in 2014 and 2015 alone. From 2016 
through 2019, the Bank focused on improving profitability, RoE and shareholders’ equity, while 
maintaining scale. Initiatives focused on remixing customer base, continued digitalisation, conservative 
and proactive approach to asset quality and managing NPLs and a focus on small-ticket deposits. The 
bank also benefited from a capital injection of TL 4.1 billion in 2018.

--- Page 214 ---
195
 
 
 
2020:  Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by KFS, which was jointly owned by the Koç 
Group and UniCredit S.p.A.  On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.  completed 
share transfers, whereby UniCredit S.p.A.  reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share 
capital and the Koç Group increased its ownership to 49.97%.  Immediately after, UniCredit S.p.A.  
announced the launch of a sale through accelerated book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing 
share capital to institutional investors.  The sale took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit 
S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00% and the Bank’s free float increased to 30.03%.  In a challenging period shaded 
by the COVID-19 pandemic globally followed by macro and political uncertainties, the Group 
continued its prudent policies regarding asset quality, capitalization and liquidity while maintaining 
strategies in terms of asset liability management for sustainable profitability.  See “Risk Factors—Risks 
Related to the Group’s Business— The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business 
with related parties” and “Share Capital and Ownership—Ownership.” 
 
2021:  In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A.  and the Koç Group announced that Koç Holding A.Ş.  
(“Koç Holding”) will acquire an additional 18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from 
UniCredit S.p.A.  (the “2022 Share Acquisition”).  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s 
Business— The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related parties” and 
“Share Capital and Ownership—Ownership.” 
 
2022:  On 1 April 2022, the 2022 Share Acquisition was complete.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related 
to the Group’s Business— The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related 
parties” and “Share Capital and Ownership—Ownership.” 
 
2023:  On 28 July 2023, Koç Holding A.Ş. sold 6.81% of the Bank’s issued share capital to institutional 
investors through a bookbuild process. 
Following significant volatility in the Turkish currency and foreign exchange markets in 2001 and the collapse 
of several institutions, in 2002 the BRSA commenced an audit process that assessed the financial condition of 
all Turkish banks.  Following this audit process, in January 2003 the BRSA, the SDIF and the Çukurova Group, 
which was then the Bank’s largest shareholder, entered into an agreement under which the SDIF took certain 
protective measures and it was agreed that shares of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. previously owned or controlled 
by the Çukurova Group (57.4% in aggregate) would be sold within two years. 
Koçbank was founded in 1981 as the American Express Bank, based in Istanbul.  Koç Holding acquired a 51% 
stake in the American Express Bank in 1986, renaming it Koç American Bank, and in 1992, the bank became a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Koç Holding and was renamed Koçbank A.Ş.  KFS was established in March 2001 
as a management company and all financial services companies owned by Koç Holding, including Koçbank, 
were united under KFS.  In October 2002, Koç Holding and UniCredit S.p.A. signed a joint venture agreement 
and became joint shareholders in KFS (each with a 50% interest), making KFS the first foreign partnership to 
be established in the financial sector in Türkiye. 
Under the management of UniCredit S.p.A. and Koç Holding, Koçbank underwent a significant restructuring 
process and began a period of organic growth.  By 2005, Koçbank had over 170 branches and had developed 
its own expertise in private banking, asset management and corporate and commercial banking, leasing and 
factoring companies. 
In January 2005, pursuant to its agreement with the BRSA and the SDIF, Çukurova Group sold 57.4% of the 
Bank’s shares to KFS.  In April 2006 Koçbank acquired a further 9.9% of the Bank’s shares, taking Koçbank’s 
interest in the Bank to 67.3%. 
In October 2006, Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.  was merged with Koçbank, when Koçbank was dissolved and its 
rights, receivables, obligations and liabilities were transferred to Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., with the combined 
legal entity continuing under the name Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.  The merger between Koçbank (eighth 
largest bank) and Yapı Kredi (seventh largest bank) formed the new Yapı Kredi, which became the fourth largest 
private bank. 
Overview of Banking Products and Services 
The Bank’s operations are carried out through three main segments:  (1) retail banking, which includes the 
Bank’s card payment systems, individual banking and private banking and wealth management (2) commercial

--- Page 215 ---
196
 
 
and SME banking and (3) corporate banking.  The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and 
international subsidiaries.

--- Page 216 ---
197
 
 
Organisational structure 
The following chart represents the Bank’s organisational structure as of 31 November 2022, including its 
subsidiaries’ structures. 
 
Retail Banking 
Overview 
The Bank’s retail banking division consists of the following segments:  credit card, individual banking (and the 
mass and blue class sub-segments) and business banking for small businesses. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, retail banking was one of the key growth areas for the Bank, especially 
in general purpose loans, credit cards, mortgages, asset gathering (deposits and mutual funds) and pension funds.  
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s retail banking division served approximately 16 million active retail 
customers which were serviced by 3,662 retail relationship managers, through 723 retail branches. 
In the Turkish retail banking market, as of 30 September 2024, the Bank was the market leader in terms of credit 
card volume outstanding and number of credit cards.  The Bank ranked third in credit card issuing and acquiring 
turnover.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank was the fourth largest bank in terms of consumer loan volume 
and the fourth largest bank in terms of deposit volume according to BRSA financials.  Income from the Bank’s 
retail banking activities comprises primarily interest income from loans to individuals and small businesses and 
commission income from loans, credit cards, point of sale business and other banking transactions.  As of 30 
September 2024, the Group had loans in its consumer segment (excluding credit cards) of TL 219,113,930 
thousand (U.S.$6,421,674 thousand) compared to TL 173,876,139 thousand (U.S.$5,906,480 thousand) at 31 
December 2023, TL 112,362,560 thousand (U.S.$6,009,239 thousand) at 31 December 2022, and TL 
71,089,069 thousand (U.S.$5,477,871 thousand) at 31 December 2021. 
The Bank offers its retail customers a broad range of products and services, including general purpose loans, 
auto loans, credit, debit and prepaid cards, payment and collection services, deposit and overdraft accounts, 
school payments, asset management products, scrap gold collection, working account, platinum fund, İlk param,

--- Page 217 ---
198
 
 
cross sell screens, pre-approved loan, packages, ATMs, telephone banking, internet banking and mobile banking 
and life and non-life insurance products.  The Bank introduced some of these products and services to the 
Turkish banking industry, including consumer loans, credit cards, overdraft accounts, telephone banking, ATMs 
and point of service (“POS”) terminals, and the Bank’s management believes that the Bank has been a pioneer 
in retail banking in Türkiye. 
The Bank views agricultural banking as a strategic sector and has developed various strategies and action plans 
during the last decade.  For example, an agricultural marketing and sales team was established under the SME 
and agricultural banking group and an agricultural loan evaluation system was announced in January 2012.  The 
agricultural loan product range was expanded by establishing specific loan types.  Verimli Card, which is a 
special credit card for farmers, was relaunched in May 2014.  In 2015, the Agricultural Value Chain was 
introduced as a business model aimed at obtaining the cash flow between Food Processor or Agricultural 
Product Producer Companies and Farmers and Traders.  As of 30 June 2017, agricultural clients started to be 
segmented within all small business sub-segments (business-small-medium) according to their annual turnovers.   
Retail Customer Segmentation 
Within the retail banking division, the Bank’s customers are divided into four categories to facilitate customer 
management and to allow a clear and focused approach for responding to different groups’ behaviours and 
needs.  These three categories are:  mass, mass affluent and blue, each a sub-segment within individual banking, 
and the small business segment. 
Individuals are segmented mainly by the value of their assets with the Bank and/or the amount of their monthly 
salary, while small business customers are segmented according to their annual turnover.  Individual customers 
with total personal financial assets of TL 300,000 and above or monthly salary of TL 30,000 and above are 
managed in Blue Class, individual customers with total personal financial assets between TL 100,000 and TL 
300,000 or monthly salary between TL 15,000 and TL 30,000 are managed in Mass Affluent and other individual 
customers are managed in the mass segment.  Small businesses are customers with annual turnover of less than 
TL 5,000,000. 
Cards Payment Business 
The Bank was the first bank in Türkiye to issue credit cards, starting in 1988.  Since then, it has been one of 
Türkiye’s leading issuers and acquirers of credit cards and payment systems remain an important focus for the 
Bank. 
The Bank has maintained non-exclusive agreements with Visa International since 1981, Visa Europe since 2009 
and MasterCard International since 1988. 
The Bank has been a leader in credit cards for the last 33 years with strong brand recognition and a loyal 
customer base. 
World, the Bank’s credit card programme, is the sixth largest in Europe and 54th largest in the world according 
to the Nilson Report in 2024. 
Card Payment Products 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank maintained its leadership in credit card stock, which had approximately 
19.7 million credit cards (including virtual cards, excluding World cards issued by co-branding partnerships) 
issued, representing market shares of 15.46% in Türkiye by number of cards, according to the Interbank Card 
Centre, and 14.41% market share by outstanding balance, according to BRSA statistics, respectively.  The 
Bank’s outstanding credit card receivables (including commercial cards) amounted to TL 304.3 billion 
(U.S.$8.9 billion) as of 30 September 2024. 
The Bank focused on special campaign offers for commercial credit card customers to enhance cash flow 
management and synergies with SME banking.  In terms of issuing volume, the commercial credit cards market 
grew from TL 1,008 trillion (U.S.$53.9 billion) as of 31 December 2022 to TL 2,014 trillion (U.S.$68.5 billion) 
as of 31 December 2023 and TL 2,552 trillion (U.S.$74.9 billion) as of 30 September 2024.  Moreover, in terms 
of outstanding volume, the commercial credit cards market grew from TL 211.1 billion (U.S.$11.3 billion) as

--- Page 218 ---
199
 
 
of 31 December 2022 to TL 390.1 billion (U.S.$13.3 billion) as of 31 December 2023 and further to TL 507.1 
billion (U.S.$14.9 billion) as of 30 September 2024. 
Meanwhile, the Bank has commercial card turnover volume with 9.23% market share in the sector as of 30 
September 2024. 
Credit card customers are an important source of new business for the Bank, as a credit card is often the first of 
the Bank’s products acquired by a customer.  The Bank endeavours to cross sell its credit card customers other 
products and services utilising advanced marketing techniques, including customer relationship management 
programmes and database marketing systems with its merchant network to increase sales.  As of 30 September 
2024, the Bank’s credit card division was served by a sales team comprising 100 sales people throughout various 
regions in Türkiye. 
The Bank’s own credit card brand, Worldcard, was launched in 1991.  In 2002, following changes in both card 
technology and customer preferences, the Bank re-launched the Worldcard brand by allowing the card to be 
used with merchants in the Bank’s merchant network to purchase items on instalment plans and offered a new 
Worldcard loyalty programme.  The Bank offers a wide variety of credit cards, each targeted at a specific range 
of customers.  Listed below are some examples of the Bank’s cards payment products and a brief description of 
their features: 
 
Worldcard 
Worldcard is the Bank’s mass credit card with instalment, loyalty point and cash advance options. 
 
World Gold Card 
World Gold card is the second tier card in the World portfolio, offering the same benefits as the 
Worldcard but considered to be more prestigious.  World Gold card provides purchase protection 
insurance and assistance services to cardholders such as medical consulting, homecare services, and an 
information line for social activities, restaurants and hotels. 
 
World Platinum Card 
World Platinum card is the most prestigious credit card in the World portfolio.  Customers need to 
qualify a required minimum monthly income criteria to apply for a World Platinum credit card. 
 
adios Card 
Adios card specifically targets customers who travel frequently.  Adios cardholders are able to redeem 
their loyalty points at a greater value to cover their travel expenses. 
 
adios Premium Card 
Adios Premium credit card targets the “platinum” traveller customers who can fulfil eligibility 
requirements.  Adios Premium cardholders are able to redeem their loyalty points at a greater value to 
cover their travel expenses. 
 
Crystal Card 
Crystal card is the most prestigious credit card in the Bank’s credit card portfolio which is offered to a 
limited number of distinguished clients.  Crystal cards offer several privileges to cardholders ranging 
from private concierge services to travel privileges, as well as other services such as insurance.  In 
addition, Crystal card holders benefit from 20% discount at various hotels and exclusive restaurants in 
Istanbul and other regions, with which the Bank has a contractual relationship. 
 
Opet Worldcard 
Opet Worldcard is a co-branded credit card in co-operation with Opet Gas Distribution Company.  Opet 
Worldcard targets customers that have regular fuel consumption.  Besides including all the benefits of 
the Worldcard, customers are rewarded with fuel points that can be only redeemed at Opet Stations.

--- Page 219 ---
200
 
 
 
Play Card 
Play Card specifically targets the youth segment and university students can apply for Play Cards 
without declaring income.  Play Card won the Best New Customer Proposition and The Best of The 
Best awards in the Visa Europe Member Awards 2009 held among all VISA Europe member banks.  
Play Card won three bronze awards in the Crystal Apple Turkish Advertisement Awards Competition 
media and digital categories for sponsorship projects. 
 
World Eko 
The World Eko card has no annual card fee.  World Eko card holders are able to benefit from instalment, 
loyalty points and cash advance options. 
 
World Business Card 
The World Business card meets the purchasing and cash advance needs of companies, combined with 
the World system advantages.  Cardholders can gain “Worldpoints” and make instalment purchases at 
member merchants. 
 
Debit cards (TLcard, Platinum TLcard, Play TLcard and Business TLcard) 
TLcard is a debit card that can be used for banking transactions, cash withdrawals from ATMs and 
purchases at Visa, MasterCard or Troy merchants all over the world.  TLcard collects “Worldpoints” 
from purchases at World merchants.  Play TLcard is offered to customers aged 18-24 and students.  
Business TLcard is offered to all companies. 
 
KoçAilem Card and KoçAilem TLcard 
KoçAilem Card (credit card) and KoçAilem TLcard (debit card) is a co-branded card program by the 
Bank and Koç Holding designed for and only available to Koç Group employees, their families, retirees, 
and Koç University students. 
The card offers significant discounts at the Koç Group companies, such as Arçelik, Ford, and Koçtaş.  
Besides the financial benefits, cardholders are entitled to attend special, cardholder-only events, 
including film screenings and children’s activities days. 
 
Fenerclusive cards (credit and debit) & Fenerbahçe Worldcard 
Fenerclusive card (credit and debit) is a co-branded card program by the Bank and Fenerbahçe Sports 
Clube, designed for and only available to Fenerbahçe congress members. 
Fenerclusive card offers significant discounts at various companies and restaurants. 
Fenerbahçe Worldcard is another co-branded card program with Fenerbahçe, targeting Fenerbahçe fans. 
The sole benefit of the card is to support the team financially via annual subscription fee. Fenerbahçe 
Worldcard can utilize all World program benefits. 
 
Prepaid Cards (World Nakit, Play Nakit, World Nakit Digital) 
World Nakit Digital is a virtual prepaid card launched in November 2018, and World Nakit and Play 
Nakit are physical prepaid cards launched in June 2019 that allow customers to spend only a preloaded 
amount.  Customers do not have to open a bank account to use prepaid cards, which can also be used 
for cash withdrawals from ATMs, for purchases and for e-commerce. 
New Launches 
The Bank offers an instalment payment programme on its credit cards in conjunction with certain members of 
its merchant network, whereby cardholders are able to make instalment payments for their purchases and, 
provided the instalment payments are paid over the agreed time period, interest will not accrue on the amount 
of the purchase.  The programme is only available where the Bank’s cardholders make a purchase through one 
of the Bank’s participating merchants.

--- Page 220 ---
201
 
 
The Bank’s credit card business operates in accordance with the Bank Cards and Credit Cards Law enacted in 
2006 (Law No. 5464), which requires that banks issue credit cards only upon request by a customer, either orally 
or in writing.  Credit limits are set at an amount not exceeding twice the cardholder’s average monthly salary 
for the first year the customer receives his first credit card from a Turkish bank, and an amount not exceeding 
four times the average monthly salary for the second year, if a sufficient limit is available.  The Central Bank 
determines the maximum contractual and default interest rates of credit cards. 
In September of 2020, the Bank launched a new “İstanbulkart” function in its “Yapı Kredi Mobil” application. 
Using Yapı Kredi Mobil, customers can load personal credit cards, prepaid cards or accounts onto İstanbulkart, 
instantly top-up their İstanbulkart, or arrange to automatically top-up their İstanbulkart with their Yapı Kredi 
cards or account. 
The Bank has launched a Digital Platform Payment Subscriptions project which enables customers to monitor 
and manage Mastercard and Visa branded Yapı Kredi cards that have been registered to e-commerce merchants 
and digital platforms.  Mastercard “M4M project” was launched in October 2021, and the Visa “VTS project” 
was launched in September 2022. 
At the end of 2022, the Bank launched “E-Campus” under World Pay (as described below).  This project enables 
cafeteria payments in universities to be made with a QR Code.  This project was presented to nearly 112,000 
customers in five universities. 
Co-branding Partnerships 
The Bank has credit card co-branding partnership agreements with Vakıfbank, Anadolubank and Albaraka Turk.  
These partnerships have helped the Bank’s credit card brand World become Türkiye’s largest credit card 
network and marketing platform, with approximately 29.6 million credit cards. 
In September 2012, the Bank introduced its World credit card programme in Azerbaijan.  In recognition of the 
Bank’s success in introducing the programme in Azerbaijan, it received the Best Marketing Campaign award 
from MasterCard.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had issued over 20,947 World credit cards in Azerbaijan. 
Digitalisation of Payment Products. 
 
World Pay 
The Bank designed World Pay to create a seamless payment experience without the need for a physical 
or plastic card.  In 2015, the Bank launched Near Field Communication (“NFC”) technology which 
enables the customer to pay at a physical store using their Android phones.  In February 2018, the Bank 
launched QR code payments in order to ease the payment experience for e-commerce.  In-Car Payment 
was first offered to the Bank’s customers in May 2019 to allow them to make fuel payments without 
stepping out of their cars.  In October 2019, the Bank launched a new QR code payment function at the 
POS using terminals that allow card customers to pay using a QR code in physical stores in addition to 
e-commerce.  Customers can make such payments through World Pay via credit, debit and prepaid 
cards, as well as via their Yapı Kredi accounts. 
In 2022, the Bank also launched Türkiye’s first “Buy Now Pay Later” payment solution “World Pay 
Shopping Loan”.  Customers may scan the QR code on Yapı Kredi POS devices in merchants’ stores 
via World Mobile or Yapı Kredi Mobile and apply for World Pay Shopping Loan.  If approved, 
customers may use the loan to pay for the item in store within three minutes. 
 
World Mobil 
The Bank aims to provide credit card customers with a fully end-to-end digital experience.  The Bank 
aims to digitalise the credit card experience through the use of the new “World Mobil” mobile 
application.  World Mobil is a marking platform providing such an end-to-end digital card experience 
to its users through six main sections:  Campaigns, Earnings, World Pay, Card Management, Profile 
and Entertainment.  Using the application, customers can, among other things, view and enrol into 
campaigns, access their shopping transactions, track their earnings, control their cards and payments 
and invite friends to World Mobil by sharing links.

--- Page 221 ---
202
 
 
Merchant Network 
The Bank is second in total acquiring volume in the market, with a market share of 16.00% as of 30 September 
2024.  The Bank’s acquiring volume as of 30 September 2024 was TL 1,615.2 billion, as compared to TL 
1,222.4 billion, TL 592.1 billion and TL 284.3 billion as of 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, respectively.  Additionally, as of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s market share in terms of total 
POS terminals amounted to 12.73%.  The Bank’s number of POS terminals was a total of 1,403 thousand as of 
30 September 2024, compared to a total of 1,232 thousand, 1,135 thousand, and 967 thousand as of 31 December 
2023, 31 December 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
Developing its relationships with merchants is a key priority for the Bank.  The Bank’s large POS network 
enhances the Bank’s retail transactions volume and provides added value to the Bank’s cardholders through the 
various campaigns, promotions and loyalty programmes offered through the POS network and participating 
merchants. 
In order to encourage customers to use the Bank’s cards and to attract merchants to enrol in the Bank’s World 
Platform, the Bank offers campaigns such as point rewards, discounts and other privileges to its customers.  In 
order to digitalize the payment process between the Bank’s customers and merchants, the Bank enabled QR 
code payment at the physical POS allowing customers to make payments with their World Mobile or Yapı Kredi 
Mobile applications even if they do not have their bank card or credit card with them. 
New Launches 
In June 2021, the Bank launched “Yapı Kredi POS Cepte” mobile application, which enables merchants to use 
their own smartphone to receive payments from contactless cards and mobile wallets via QR code without the 
need for a physical POS device.  The merchants are able to start receiving payments by downloading Yapı Kredi 
POS Cepte to their smartphones and tablets without any POS device installation.  This feature is available on 
Android platforms. 
Yapı Kredi POS Cepte enables the digitalization of SMEs and micro businesses in addition to offering a better 
customer experience to the card holders. 
With recent developments in the regulatory landscape, Yapı Kredi POS Cepte has been upgraded with new 
features that will allow merchants to produce e-invoices for their POS Cepte transactions, which is one of the 
potential solutions for merchants to meet regulatory requirements.  New features are expected to be up and 
running following the completion of an approval process ongoing with the Revenue Administration and POS 
Cepte will be a potential payment acceptance solution for a significantly larger set of merchants. 
In March 2022, the Bank launched “Dynamic Currency Conversion on POS” function, which enables foreign 
card holders make payments in their hometown currency.  Bank’s POS offers DCC in 31 different currencies 
for Visa, Mastercard and JCB cards. 
In June 2023, the Bank launched “Yapı Kredi Pay by Link” payment solution, which enables merchants to use 
Corporate Internet Banking to securely collect payment for their business by creating a payment link without 
the need for a website, physical POS device, mail order or wire transfer.  Pay by Link facilitates the seamless 
and immediate receipt of payments for merchants, even where their customers are not physically present. 
Yapı Kredi Pay by Link offers the capability to digitise corporates and SMEs, as well as micro businesses, 
thereby improving the overall cardholder experience. 
Yapı Kredi Pay by Link is a World Pay payment option which allows customers to complete payments without 
needing to enter card details. 
In March 2023, contactless credit and debit card acceptance started for Istanbul transportation transactions.  The 
Bank is the first and only bank that accepts card payment for Istanbul transportation transactions. 
From September 2023, transaction receipts for the transactions made with Yapı Kredi cards at Yapı Kredi POS 
points are no longer available in printed form.  Cardholders and merchants now use digital transaction copies 
via Internet and mobile banking channels.  Introduction of the Digital slip is one of the most important steps 
taken by the Bank to contribute to the furtherance of sustainability.

--- Page 222 ---
203
 
 
Individual Banking 
The Bank’s individual banking activities are organised under mass and blue class sub-segments to enable the 
Bank to differentiate its services and to provide the most suitable products to different customer groups.  As of 
30 September 2024, the Bank provided individual banking services to approximately 13.2 million mass 
customers and approximately 633 thousand blue class customers, respectively. 
The Bank’s product offering to its individual customers includes a full range of payment products (credited 
regular school payment product, bill/games/betting payments), overdraft and deposit accounts (time deposit, 
demand deposit, limitless account, flexible time deposit, fund deposit, gold deposit, 5D deposit and FX adjusted 
deposits), scrap gold collection, investment products, mortgages, auto loans, general purpose loans, home 
improvement loans, education loans, İlk Param, Kartopu, Foreign Exchange Saving and Gold Saving products, 
Smart Broker and Second Fund of Funds, as well as health insurance products. 
The Bank offers customers in its mass segment a wide variety of products and services through diverse delivery 
channels including branches and a variety of Limitless Banking channels such as internet and mobile banking 
portals, ATMs and call centres.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s loans and receivables in its mass segment 
comprised 77% of its total loans and receivables to its retail customers and the Bank’s deposits from customers 
in its mass segment comprised 30% of its total deposits from its retail customers. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s blue class customers were served by 672 relationship managers and a 
wide distribution network.  In addition to the standard individual banking products offered to all individual 
customers, the Bank’s relationship managers for blue class customers have expertise in investment and mortgage 
products.  Blue class customers also benefit from the Bank’s asset management and brokerage services.  As of 
30 September 2024, the Bank’s FX adjusted deposits in its blue class sub-segment comprised 91% of its total 
FX adjusted deposits to its retail customers. 
Mortgages 
Mortgage loans are an important part of the retail banking business in the Turkish banking sector.  As of 30 
September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 mortgage loans amounted to 
3.0%, 3.6%, 4.6% and 5.9%, respectively, of aggregate loans in the Turkish banking sector, according to BRSA 
weekly data. 
The Group’s mortgage loan portfolio decreased to TL 16,004,232 thousand as of 30 September 2024, compared 
to TL 16,735,002 thousand as of 31 December 2023 which had increased from TL 13,847,534 thousand as of 
31 December 2022, and TL 13,991,806 thousand as of 31 December 2021. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s mortgage loans represented 1.2% of the Group’s total gross loans, 
compared to 1.7%, 2.1%, and 3.1% as of 31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
The Bank’s mortgage loan strategy is based on providing service to customers through the Bank’s mortgage 
experts, developing dedicated branch and non-branch delivery channels and offering innovative mortgage 
products.  The Bank’s mortgage experts provide customers with mortgage products and provide consultancy for 
all aspects of mortgages including financial, legal, technical and tax related issues at branches. 
The Bank has established a dedicated team within the mortgage department to work with real estate developers 
and improve the flow of new individual mortgage applications to the Bank.  This programme has helped the 
Bank to strengthen its mortgage services through its relationships with real estate developers for 84 projects and 
1512 realtors. 
Payroll Services 
The Bank had 74,787 payroll companies and 6,182,690 payroll customers (including pensioner customers) as 
of 30 September 2024 as compared to 52,028 payroll companies and 5,579,652 payroll customers as of 31 
December 2023, 43,245 payroll companies and 4,799,368 payroll customers as of 31 December 2022, and 
33,523 payroll companies and 3,122,736 payroll customers as of 31 December 2021.  The Bank has established 
limited-service branches in the locations where its payroll services customers work in order to provide 
convenient service.  The Bank’s management believes that the Bank enjoys a strategic strength in this area, 
which it intends to continue to develop and grow through cross selling of its products and services.  In order to

--- Page 223 ---
204
 
 
further increase its market share in this area, the Bank launched a salary customer strategy project in 2013, led 
by consultant firm the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), which aims to develop a comprehensive payroll 
structure and growth strategy for the Bank.  Payroll services have been an area of the Bank’s focus as part of its 
strategy to focus on small ticket, retail and demand deposits and create cross sale opportunities. 
Auto loans 
The Group’s auto loans (including consumer car loans) comprised 1.0%, 1.6%, 1.2%, and 0.5% of the Group’s 
total gross loans as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, 
respectively. 
The Bank has had an exclusive agreement with Ford Otosan since December 2007, which allows the Bank the 
exclusive right to provide FordFinans branded auto loans for Ford automobiles in Türkiye and allows customers 
to apply for an auto loan directly from a dealership through an online application system.  In 2016, the Bank 
started to utilise individual and in 2018 commercial auto loans at Ford Otosan dealers through the online system.  
The agreement excludes heavy commercial vehicles, fleet sales and sales for car rental companies. 
Bancassurance 
In 2013, Allianz bancassurance partnership combined the Bank’s customer focused leading retail franchise with 
Allianz’s global experience in developing and managing insurance products. 
The Bank considers bancassurance an area with strong growth potential.  As a bank with a significant retail 
market share the Bank has a large base of potential customers for both insurance and pension products.  In 2015, 
the Bank integrated all its bancassurance products to its core IT system, which is expected to boost sales via 
branches whilst facilitating digital channel insurance sales (including sales via internet banking, mobile banking 
and call centres.  As a result of the integration, time to market duration for new product developments is expected 
to diminish and the system’s flexibility when adapting to new conditions is expected to increase.  As the market 
initiator, the Bank offers its customers a life insurance bundle with credit via mobile banking.  Online life 
insurance sales via mobile banking are a pioneer process for the bancassurance business in Türkiye. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had 31.5% market share in health insurance, 13.9% in life, 4.9% in P&C 
and 14.4% in pension among private banks. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
The private banking division serves the Bank’s high net worth and ultra-high net worth customers.  The Bank’s 
wealth management services are carried out by its subsidiaries Yapı Kredi Invest and Yapı Kredi Asset 
Management, providing asset management and brokerage services to the Bank’s clients. 
Private Banking 
The Bank has a leading position in the private banking market in Türkiye both in terms of total asset size, which 
amounted to TL 382 billion as of 30 September 2024 (including equity balance), and distribution network, 
private banking centres, branches, as well as remote services.  Customers with high personal financial assets are 
serviced by the Bank’s private banking division.  The Bank considers a private banking customer to be active 
if they meet the active customer criteria (i.e., having actual funds on the account and carrying out any 
transaction) at least once and are assigned to a portfolio within the last 1.5 years.  As of 30 September 2024, 31 
December 2023, 31 December 2022, and 31 December 2021, the Bank had 13,595, 12,664, 13,224, and 16,003 
active private banking customers, respectively. 
As of 30 September 2024, private banking customers were served by 79 private banking relationship managers 
through 15 private banking centres/branches.  Limitless Banking channels for the private banking segment also 
include a dedicated call centre team and a separate private banking web page on the Bank website. 
The total volume of deposits managed by the private banking business amounted to TL 147 billion as of 30 
September 2024, TL 111 billion as of 31 December 2023, TL 82 billion as of 31 December 2022, and TL 60.5 
billion as of 31 December 2021.  In assets under management in the mutual fund business, the Bank had 8,15%, 
9,03%, 12.01%, and 16.55% of the Turkish market, as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 
2022 and 2021, respectively, according to Rasyonet statistics.

--- Page 224 ---
205
 
 
As of 30 September 2024, the private banking division provided a wide range of products and services, including 
92 different types of mutual funds such as hedge funds, bonds and bill funds, variable funds, equity funds, fund 
of funds, a precious metals fund, a participation fund, a mixed fund and a money market fund.  The Bank 
launched a new FX Hedge Fund which customers can invest in USD for a certain maturity to gain fixed return.  
The Bank uses customer relationship management (“CRM”) modelling tools in order to define eligible 
customers for different types of products such as securities, derivative products (forwards, futures and options), 
foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, insurance products, safe deposit boxes and e-banking services.  The 
Bank also has affiliates and subsidiaries, which provide investment, advisory and portfolio management 
services.  The Bank also offers various advisory services through different and specialised business partners 
such as Tax Advisory, Art Advisory, Inheritance Advisory, Real Estate Advisory, Philanthropy Advisory, and 
Educational Advisory.  Private banking customers are also entitled to a number of services such as ATM cash 
withdrawals up to five-times the normal daily withdrawal limit, invitations to events and concerts, a dedicated 
call centre line, customised internet and mobile tablet banking services, 24-hour emergency ambulance service 
and have access to seminars on pertinent issues relevant to their financial interests, including investments, 
financial markets and taxation and are kept informed on the economy and capital markets through daily emails. 
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım) 
Yapı Kredi Invest provides capital market products, brokerage, corporate finance, derivatives, leveraged foreign 
currency trading operations and investment advisory services to the individual and institutional clients inside 
and outside Türkiye. 
Yapı Kredi Invest has established one of the widest branch networks in Türkiye, with a presence in 14 cities in 
Türkiye.  It has eight branches in İstanbul (Bakirkoy, Halic, Goztepe, Kozyatagi, Taksim, Trakya, Kartal and 
Maslak) and 16 branches in other cities (Adana, Ankara, Antalya, Baskent, Bodrum, Bursa, Denizli, Diyarbakir, 
Gaziantep, Güney Marmara, Izmir, Karsiyaka, Kayseri, Kocaeli, Konya and Samsun). 
As of 30 September 2024, Yapı Kredi Invest was the top domestic brokerage house for equity in Türkiye, with 
a 13.28% market share in the equity market and, as of 30 September 2024, Yapı Kredi Invest had a 22.18% 
market share in the derivatives market, each according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy) 
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, private pension 
funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio advisory and private fund 
establishment services.  Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides services throughout the country through its 
head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network.  It had 64 employees as of 30 September 2024. 
As of 30 September 2024, Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 37 mutual funds, 55 hedge funds, 2 venture 
capital funds and had total assets of approximately TL 293.9 billion.  Its total market share for mutual and hedge 
funds stood at 8.15 % as of 30 September 2024. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 18 private pension funds.  It had 
approximately 11.46% market share of the pension fund market in Türkiye, with assets under management of 
approximately TL 129.6 billion as of 30 September 2024. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 365 customers as of 
30 September 2024, of which 47 were institutional and 318 were high net worth individual investors.  Yapı 
Kredi Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio management services, 
excluding mutual funds, were approximately TL 1 billion as of 30 September 2024. 
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary portfolios, 
amounted to TL 427.8 billion as of 30 September 2024. 
Commercial and SME Banking 
As of September 2024, the Bank served its commercial clients via 45 branches and 314 relationship managers.  
Commercial customers are segmented mainly by the value of their annual turnover.  Commercial customers are 
companies with an annual turnover of between TL 100 million to TL 2 billion, while companies with turnover 
of less than TL 100 million are considered to be part of the Bank’s SME segment.

--- Page 225 ---
206
 
 
As of 30 September 2024, commercial and SME banking comprised 33% of the Bank’s cash loan portfolio, 
while deposits from commercial and SME banking comprised 22% of the Bank’s total deposits. 
The primary business lines in the commercial banking segment are working capital, financing, foreign trade 
finance, project finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities, cash 
management and e-banking services to mid-size and large commercial clients. 
Net operating income for the commercial and SME banking segment increased to TL 33,016,043  thousand for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2024 from TL 27,050,475 thousand for the nine months ended 
30 September 2023.  Non-interest income has been increased by 64% for the nine months ended 30 September 
2024 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2023.  Cash loan volume increased by 71% for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2023. 
SMEs (corporate customers with an annual turnover of between TL 5 million to TL 100 million) are an important 
segment for the Bank.  As of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022, and 31 December 
2021, the Bank had over 541,510, 501,965, 486,369 and 415,126 SME clients, respectively. 
Customers are segmented based on their size and diverse financial needs.  In 2024, (i) customers with an annual 
turnover between TL 5 million and TL 20 million are segmented as Small Enterprises, and (ii) customers with 
an annual turnover between TL 20 million and TL 100 million are segmented as Medium Enterprises. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s SME customers were served through a network of 1,043 dedicated 
relationship managers in the Bank’s branches and are encouraged to utilise the Bank’s Limitless Banking 
channels such as internet banking, Yapı Kredi Mobile, ATMs and operating out of call centres.  The Bank also 
provides SME customers a similar range of products to those provided to corporate customers, as well as 
commercial purchasing cards specifically designed for SMEs. 
SMEs globally encounter difficulties to access the financial services they require.  To address this issue, the 
CGF was established as a joint-stock company in accordance with Turkish Commercial Code in 1994.  Its 
shareholders are banks, Small and Medium Industry Development Organization (“KOSGEB”) and The Union 
Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Türkiye.  The CGF provides access to finance for SMEs that are not 
eligible for bank loans due to insufficient collateral, by acting as a joint guarantor.  Although the CGF’s priority 
is to support SMEs, non-SMEs can also apply for CGF guarantees for certain programs. 
There are two types of evaluation systems for CGF guaranteed loans: 
 
Portfolio Limit System:  The CGF evaluates the credit worthiness of SMEs through its own specialists 
in addition to the Bank’s process.  In this system, in addition to the CGF’s evaluation, the Bank may 
ask the SME for more information; and 
 
Portfolio Guarantee System:  In this system, the CGF does not take part in the decision making process.  
The CGF bases its evaluation on the credit worthiness rating done by the Bank and does not conduct 
any further evaluation.  In this system, the Bank has complete autonomy to extend loans with a CGF 
guarantee. 
In addition, within the scope of the TurWib Program, which was launched in 2023, TL 856 million worth of 
support has been provided to women and companies supporting women as of September 2024, with the 
resources provided by the EBRD.  With this programme, CGF provides business, export and investment credit 
support to women-owned companies. 
In June 2022, the Group also obtained U.S.$60 million with the support of TKYB and the World Bank to finance 
companies affected by COVID-19 through the “Emergency Company Support Project” programme. TL 193.2 
million was disbursed from this fund as of September 2024. 
In August 2023, EBRD established a Disaster Response program to protect and rebuild livelihoods, businesses, 
jobs and human capital in areas affected by the earthquakes that occurred on February 6, 2023. In August 2023, 
the Bank signed a loan agreement of USD 108 million with the EBRD to support people and businesses in the 
earthquake zone. TL 2.2 billion was disbursed from this fund as of September 2024. 
As of 2023, exporters and potential export customers began to be supported by the Treasury and Equity 
guarantee support of the Export Development (IGE) institution.  The IGE Equity package supported exporters

--- Page 226 ---
207
 
 
and potential export customers with TL 3.3 billion loans and had an 80% guarantee rate in January 2023.  In 
addition, with the HDI Treasury Program, exporters and potential export customers were supported with a loan 
of TL 2.5 billion and a guarantee rate of 85% in September 2024. 
In May 2024, a resource of USD 80 million was received from the IFC to support the Bank’s customers 
operating in the earthquake zone. TL 952.4 million was disbursed from this resource as of September 2024. 
In addition, as of September 2024, with the support of KGF, TL 855 million of credit was given to exporting 
companies. Companies used TL 385.9 million of credit within the scope of this investment credit. KGF collateral 
support was determined to be 85% of these loans. 
The EBRD has provided EUR 52 million of funding support for the financing of Renewable Energy and Energy 
Efficiency Projects within the scope of the Green Growth Fund Program.  As of September 2024, TL 233.1 
million in loans have been disbursed from this program.  
In October 2023, a USD 125 million loan agreement was signed with IFC (International Finance Corporation) 
to support our customers' green transformation processes (e.g. transitioning to a more sustainable economic 
model which includes resources, operations, processes etc. in general) and finance their related investments. 
 
Corporate Banking 
As of September 2024, the Bank served its corporate clients via 4 branches and 32 relationship managers.  
Corporate customers are segmented mainly by the value of their groups’ consolidated annual turnover with 
more than TL 2 billion. E-commerce and payment system companies as well as financial institutions are 
segmented under Corporate Banking in order to give the Bank’s customers a tailor-made service. 
Segmentation criteria are designed to better address the needs of the Bank’s corporate clients by providing 
tailor-made services and products based on the company’s turnover, size, standing in the banking system and 
behaviour. 
As of 30 September 2024, corporate banking comprised 26.87% of the Bank’s cash loan portfolio, while 
deposits from corporate banking comprised 10.01% of the Bank’s total deposits. 
The Bank provides additional services to its corporate customers including working capital financing, foreign 
trade finance, project finance, a variety of domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as 
letters of credit and guarantees, cash management, investment banking and brokerage, factoring, leasing and 
insurance services.  In addition, in non-cash loans, the Bank provides both domestic and foreign currency 
facilities to its customers, principally comprising guarantees in relation to imports and letters of credit in respect 
of trade financing activities. 
Project Finance 
The Bank has been active in the provision of project finance loans and syndicated loans in Türkiye since 1999.  
As of September 2024, its project finance department (including the Bank’s sustainable finance team) comprised 
16 staff members specialising in infrastructure, energy (mainly renewable), commercial real estate and 
acquisition projects. 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2024, the Bank had underwritten TL 9,826 million (U.S.$288 million) 
of project finance loans, compared to approximately TL 2,632 million (U.S.$96 million) for the year ended 31 
December 2023, approximately TL 7,060 million (U.S.$377.5 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
and approximately TL 1,316 million (U.S.$102 million) for the year ended 31 December 2021.  The maturity 
of project finance loans is typically up to 15 years, with a maximum grace period of four years. 
Global Transaction Banking 
The product range of the global transaction banking department covers traditional products in addition to 
structured products, which are customised for client needs. 
The cash management and trade finance teams have product development and sales departments which serve 
the Turkish Lira and foreign currency cash flow needs of the Bank’s clients.  As of 30 September 2024, the 
sales team’s 26 staff were divided among the head office, twenty-two regions and four corporate branches in

--- Page 227 ---
208
 
 
order to provide support and keep close contact with both clients and branches.  The sales team also focuses its 
coverage on the digitalisation of the clients, the network and the complete product range. 
The Bank maintains its leading position in cheque clearing between private banks (according to Takasbank 
statistics as of 30 September 2024), with a market share of approximately 11.1% and maintained its strong 
industry position with 9.8% in import flows and 16.4% in export flows (according to the Turkish Statistical 
Institute as of 30 September 2024).  In the nine month period ended 30 September 2024, the number of clients 
utilizing the Bank’s cash management and trade finance products is more than 322,632. 
Cash Management 
The Bank has further strengthened its market leading e-banking position, with particular high turnover 
performance in direct debit and the BANKOTM-OHES bulk payment system, while maintaining its leading 
position in traditional collection systems such as domestic cheque clearing in the Takasbank.  The Bank’s cash 
management services include a broad variety of products, including all countywide collection and payment 
services, cash transfer services, electronic banking and operational services.  In addition, the Bank offers a 
variety of data integration and reconciliation solutions related to its products.  In the nine months ended 30 
September 2024, the Bank’s bulk payment transactions increased by 4% to 24 million as compared to the same 
period of 2023. 
Trade Finance 
The Bank provides a variety of support services and payment management mechanisms to Turkish companies 
engaging in international trade transactions.  These include Import and Export Letters of Credit, Documentary 
Collection Payments, Guarantees, Foreign Trade Finance Products, FC Loans, Forfaiting, Import and 
Prefinancing Promissory Note Avalization, T. Eximbank Credits, CBRT Credits, Pre and Post Export and 
Import Financing.  In addition to traditional import and export products, the Bank offers its customers innovative 
and alternative foreign trade products, digital services and structured solutions through numerous channels. 
The Bank has created a special team that is responsible for expanding its structured trade and export finance 
business through export credit agencies and export-import banks of other countries, as well as originating 
short-term and long-term financing through correspondent banks for the investment and working capital needs 
of the clients. 
International Banking 
The Bank was one of the first Turkish banks to establish correspondent banking relationships and to undertake 
foreign business.  The relationship management function for foreign financial institutions for the Bank is 
conducted by the Financial Institutions team.  The Financial Institutions team also carries out functions 
including the following: 
 
provides presentations and insight on developments on the Bank and the Turkish economic and political 
environment to correspondent banks; 
 
discusses new products with correspondent banks and implements them within the Bank, in 
collaboration with the Trade Finance department, in order to gain access to new markets and improve 
service quality; 
 
engages in the international marketing of the Bank and its products; 
 
analyses the financial situation of banks and applies for credit lines on their behalf; and 
 
arranges long-term structured borrowings in accordance with the Bank’s projected borrowing needs. 
Treasury 
The Bank’s treasury department consists of five major groups:  Fixed Income Securities, Money Markets and 
Balance Sheet Management, Foreign Exchange and Derivatives, ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring, and 
Treasury Marketing.  It manages the Bank’s on-going liquidity needs, interest rate risks and foreign exchange 
rates and controls its proprietary investment portfolio.

--- Page 228 ---
209
 
 
Fixed Income Securities 
The Fixed Income group is primarily in charge of managing the Bank’s local and foreign currency fixed income 
portfolios.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank was one of the 11 primary dealers accepted by the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance in Türkiye.  The Fixed Income group also manages local and foreign currency deposits.  
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s securities portfolio amounted to 20.8% of its total assets.  For a discussion 
of the Bank’s securities portfolio, see “Management’s Discussion and Analyses of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Marketable Securities Portfolio”. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had a 3.94% market share in securities trading on the Borsa Istanbul 
compared with 3.42% as of 31 December 2023, 8.62% as of 31 December 2022, and 8.30% as of 31 December 
2021, according to the Borsa Istanbul. 
Money Market & Balance Sheet Management and Foreign Exchange & Derivatives 
This group is primarily involved in asset and liability management activities, interbank money market 
transactions and foreign exchange trading, including derivatives.  For the nine months ended 30 September 
2024, the Bank’s trading volume was U.S.$242 billion, compared to U.S.$355 billion for the year ended 
31 December 2023, U.S.$336 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022 and U.S.$373 billion for the year 
ended 31 December 2021.  The Bank’s interbank foreign exchange trade volume was approximately U.S.$65 
billion for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, U.S.$141 billion for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
U.S.$151 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, and U.S.$145 billion for the year ended 31 December 
2021.  Foreign exchange volume for client transactions denominated against the Turkish Lira was U.S.$39 
billion in the nine months ended 30 September 2024, U.S.$56 billion in the year ended 2023, U.S.$59 billion in 
the year ended 2022, and U.S.$56 billion in the year ended 2021.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank also held 
9.12%, 6.73% and 0.76% market shares (customer transactions against the Turkish Lira) in the domestic spot 
trading, forward and swap markets, respectively. 
This group is also responsible for stabilising the interest income on the balance sheet and creating necessary 
funding for targeted asset growth purposes. 
ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring 
The ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring group is primarily responsible for monitoring the treasury 
department’s performance and activities.  This group also assists other groups within the treasury department 
with introducing new products. 
Treasury Marketing 
The Treasury Marketing group is the contact point for large scale corporate, commercial and private customers.  
The group advises and assists customers with managing risk exposures and hedging opportunities.  The group 
completed transactions worth approximately U.S.$31 billion for customers in the nine months ended 30 
September 2024, U.S.$34 billion in the year ended 2023, U.S.$49 billion in the year ended 2022 and 
U.S.$48 billion for customers in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Distribution Network 
The Bank offers its banking products and services through an extensive distribution network, which includes 
branches as well as advanced Limitless Banking channels such as ATMs, call centres, internet banking and 
mobile banking. 
Branches 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank had 773 branches (including one branch in Bahrain, but excluding its 
international presence through the Group’s overseas subsidiaries]; the Group had 806 branches including its 
international presence).  The Bank has a number of different types of branches, including standard, satellite and 
mobile, which provide customers with a wide range of services.  As of 30 September 2024, 703% of the Bank’s 
branches were retail related, demonstrating the retail market orientation of the Bank.  As of 30 September 2024, 
the Bank’s corporate commercial branch network consisted of 49 branches and the Bank’s private banking 
network comprised 15 private banking centres.

--- Page 229 ---
210
 
 
Limitless Banking Channels 
The Bank uses three main Limitless Banking channels:  ATMs, Digital Banking and a 24-hour call centre, all 
of which rely upon the Bank’s information technology platform.  These channels allow customers to access 
services 24 hours a day and seven days a week.  The cost of processing transactions through Limitless Banking 
channels is lower than processing them through branches.  Therefore, the Bank encourages its customers to 
utilise ADCs by offering promotions and reduced fees in return for customers using these channels instead of 
the branches.  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank handled 98.5% of all its transactions through non-branch 
channels and the remaining 1.5% through branches.  Of the 90.4% handled through Limitless Banking channels, 
18.8% were via ATMs, 71.6% via Digital Banking (composing internet and mobile banking), 0.04% via its four 
call centres and the remaining 8.1% via other channels including post office and centralised automated 
transaction channels. 
ATMs 
As of September 2024, the Bank had the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye, with 5,427 ATMs and nearly 
9.2 million ATM users.  As of the same date, 95.3% of the cash transactions of the Bank was performed at the 
ATMs.  The Bank continues to grow its ATM network throughout Türkiye. 
All of the Bank’s ATMs are full function ATMs with cash deposit and cash withdrawal functionality.  At the 
beginning of the 2005, ‘Recycle ATMs’ (where the banknotes deposited can be also used for withdrawal) were 
deployed in order to reduce the bank’s operational cost and to optimize the efficiency of its ATM Network.  As 
of September 2024, 100% of the Bank’s ATMs were Recycle ATMs. 
The Bank has positioned its ATMs channel to complement its digital channel.  As of September 2024, 
approximately 92.1% of ATM customers are also active digital customers.  To improve digital convergence, in 
addition to cash withdrawal, cash deposit, cash advance and cash advance with instalment via QR code for 
individual customers, the Bank also implemented cash withdrawal and cash deposit via QR code transactions 
for corporate customers.  The Bank continues to be a pioneer in this sector.  Thus, digital banking customers 
who prefer ATMs for cash transactions can easily withdraw or deposit in TL, USD or EUR currencies via QR 
Code and use cash advance and cash advance with instalment without using a card and without touching the 
ATM.  The Bank will continue to increase the number of transactions performed via QR Codes.  As of 
September 2024, one out of every three cash withdrawal transactions were made via QR code. 
In addition to being the high frequently visited high volume transaction processing channel, the Bank continued 
its focus on sales offers at ATMs.  For instance, general purpose loan and flexible account are being offered 
from the Bank’s ATMs in order to meet customers’ cash needs instantly.  In the nine months ended 30 September 
2024, over 5,8 million products were sold from the Bank’s ATMs. 
Digital Banking 
As of 30 September 2024, digital banking had 13.7 million individual customers and over 665 thousand 
corporate and commercial customers.  On the mobile banking side, the Bank had 14.2 million active mobile 
banking customers including 13.6 million “Individual Mobile Banking” customers and over 603 thousand 
“Corporate Mobile Banking” customers.  The Bank’s number of active digital banking customers has increased 
12% from September 2023 to September 2024.  The number of mobile banking active customers has increased 
13% from September 2023 to September 2024.  The share of non-cash transactions executed through digital 
banking as a percentage of all non-cash transactions had increased to 99.1% as of 30 September 2024.  The 
Bank has experienced increasing numbers of transactions and transaction volumes in recent years, mainly due 
to higher internet penetration rates globally and in Türkiye, and significant marketing of the Bank’s internet 
banking services.  As of 30 September 2024, 73% of general purposes loans (“GPL”) sales were made via 
digital banking channels.  Digital banking services are currently provided through internet banking and mobile 
banking applications.  The Bank’s Yapı Kredi Mobile application is available to all customers and its World 
Mobile application is available for card customers.  In 2021, the Bank also launched POS Cepte (POS in the 
Pocket in English) which is available for merchants.  Mobile banking applications can be installed on mobile 
devices through mobile application markets or by visiting yukle.yapikredi.com for Yapı Kredi Mobile and 
yapikredi.com.tr/worldmobil for World Mobile.

--- Page 230 ---
211
 
 
In 2020, The Bank redesigned its Yapı Kredi Mobile application interface with updated design principles to be 
more convenient.  The Bank’s mobile banking applications have been downloaded 23.7 million times in 2024 
as of September 2024. 
The Bank launched “digital onboarding via video assistants” on its mobile banking app, as a first in Türkiye.  
Users can easily and quickly become a Yapı Kredi customer without having to visit a branch by downloading 
the Yapı Kredi Mobile app on mobile phones and contacting the “Video Assistants”.  The digital onboarding 
feature is available on both iOS and Android platforms.  Individual users and commercial users have both joined 
the Bank as new customers entirely through this digital means as of August 2023 which was a first in Turkey 
as well. 
The Bank has launched various digital payment solutions.  Users can have a seamless and contactless payment 
experience without a physical card thanks to World PAY.  The Bank provides customers several payment 
methods to serve different customer needs which are Host Card Emulation based NFC payment, payment via 
QR code, in-car payment and online shopping loan integration with e-commerce companies. 
The Bank announced in December 2021 that it will take part in the “SWIFT Go” project jointly with SWIFT.  
SWIFT launched SWIFT Go in 2021 as a cross-border payment solution connecting institutions and bank 
accounts for lower value international payments.  The Bank intends to provide customers with access to SWIFT 
Go as an additional product to complement its other payment solutions. 
The Bank has launched “My Cash Flow” by which customers may easily transfer sums through the Corporate 
Internet Branch and Yapı Kredi Mobile, and follow and control their financial planning.  My Cash Flow’s 
infrastructure is capable of predicting the Bank’s income and expense information and allows the user to 
manually enter collections and payments.  In this way, users have full control over their cash flows.  With the 
“Alarm” feature in My Cash Flow, commercial customers can receive notifications where they can monitor their 
total income and expenses, product-based cash flows and estimated balance on a daily, weekly or monthly basis, 
in their preferred time intervals. 
The Bank has launched “Mobile Approval”, by which wet-ink signatures will not be needed to apply for 
services.  The motivation of the Bank behind launching this innovation was to reduce paper waste and to 
introduce Yapi Kredi Mobile to non-digital customers.  Mobile Approval uses Yapi Kredi Mobile to process 
signatures.  Thanks to Mobile Approval, customers are able to be approved from the comfort of their own mobile 
device.  Also, in line with the Bank’s focus on designing end-to-end digital processes for customers, the Bank 
has designed an end-to-end digital experience for card customers.  Starting with the card application, customers 
can follow every step of the journey digitally until they receive their card in the Yapi Kredi Mobile application.  
Having applied for a card, the customer can view the application status.  Once the application is approved, the 
customer can follow the delivery process.  After the card is received, the customer can set a password for the 
card.  This feature enables customers to be in control and experience the journey all the way through. 
The Bank transformed Yapı Kredi Mobile into an app called “My World”, beginning with “My Car+” and 
adding this year “My Home+”, “My Bank+” (for other bank accounts) and “My Trips+”. 
The Bank launched “My Bank+ as an “open banking” product.  By adding accounts of other banks to the Bank’s 
own application, customers can access the information and movements of their other accounts.  Customers may 
view their demand deposits of other banks on the app and also make in-app payments from the account of 
another bank. 
The Bank’s customers can now see if a branch is busy or not on the Bank’s branch density map and book a 
prioritised appointment before visiting the branch.  Furthermore, the “Don’t Panic Button” helps customers 
manage their cards anytime, anywhere via Yapı Kredi Mobile.  With this feature, users can lock their card(s) 
temporarily for 24 hours and cancel their cards instantly.  When customers lock their cards, they can still 
withdraw money via QR code or pay credit card bills. 
Additionally, the Bank launched a “Jet Transactions” menu to make transactions quicker and easier for users.  
Three main transactions of an ordinary user are moved to semi-secure area to create a more seamless experience.  
These transactions are cash transfer, cash withdrawal or deposit with QR code and World Pay.

--- Page 231 ---
212
 
 
Furthermore, the Bank facilitates user identification with the help of NFC technology.  Now, the Bank’s 
customers can contactlessly login to Yapı Kredi Mobile by approaching their credit card to the NFC reader field 
on the back of their phone and entering their card password. 
Aiming to be accessible to customers at any time or anywhere; the Bank has become the first in Türkiye to 
provide service via a verified corporate “WhatsApp” account.  This feature enables customers to instantly text 
their requests via their mobile devices and get prompt information about services and products they need.  
Depending on their needs, customers may be served by artificial intelligence-powered chat bot or live customer 
representatives.  The Bank’s chatbot service is also available on its corporate website and in Facebook 
Messenger. 
With the “One Pin” integration, the Bank enables its customers to use their internet/mobile banking password 
on telephone banking as well.  In addition, the Bank also enables its customers to approve loan agreements with 
their Yapı Kredi Mobile password without the need to sign documents in branches. 
The Bank launched the first smart keyboard for money transfer in Türkiye, and one of the first ones in the world.  
Yapı Kredi Banking Keyboard enables customers to switch from the standard keyboard in messaging 
applications to a smart keyboard for money transfers.  It works on any instant messaging applications including 
but not limited to:  WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Snapchat, Instagram, SMS.  The Bank’s customers 
can also send money by voice or texting, via Siri and iMessage. 
To ensure secure internet connections, the Bank offers Smart Notification, which replaces one time password 
(“OTP“) that is sent through SMS.  The Bank’s internet banking system provides 24-hour customer service 
through live chat, call centres and email enquiries. 
Moreover, the Bank focused on increasing the direct sales capability of digital channels as a way to ensure 
sustainable growth.  The Bank offers branchless GPL product which provides customers with a convenient way 
to meet their financial needs as well as boosts bank revenues.  Customers can apply for a loan on the internet 
and mobile banking and the approved credit amount is sent directly to customer’s account, even on weekends.  
It also provides access to more products such as flexible account, credit card application and life insurance sales 
on internet banking.  The Bank has also e-Government Gateway integration which enables customers to make 
over 1,200 transactions related to public institutions with their internet banking password without needing any 
other credentials. 
The Bank utilises BehaviorPad, a behavioural targeting tool designed for proposing the most relevant offers to 
customers on yapikredi.com.tr.  Furthermore, thanks to the Web Payment Center (a first in the banking sector), 
users can make bill payments even if they are not the Bank’s customers and can also pay MVT (motor vehicle 
tax) on yapikredi.com.tr.  The Bank also provides an Application Center, which involves credit card, GPL, 
mortgage, SME loan, education loan and private pension functions. 
The Bank has recently started to provide “Auto Enrolment In Private Pension System” and offer this product 
both via Corporate Internet Banking and yapikredi.com.tr. 
The Bank also provides an alarm and reminder service (Smart Assistant) that notifies customers instantly via 
SMS, e-mail or push notification. 
Furthermore, the World Mobile app aims to digitalize card customers’ end-to-end shopping experience.  World 
Mobil offers special discounts, loyalty points, instalments and postponement benefits to its wide network of 
more than 300,000 stores.  In order to provide this experience, World Mobil presents its customers after 
shopping functions of reviewing earned benefits, several digital payment solutions such as QR and NFC 
payments and card management and control functions. 
Moreover, with POS Cepte, the mobile devices become POS Machine for merchant customers.  They can 
receive payment with their Android mobile devices.  Yapı Kredi POS Cepte also offers services such as 
registering the product, receiving payment by entering the amount, receiving payment by selecting the registered 
product, sending a transaction document to cardholder, tracking the sales transactions, return and cancellation 
transactions and selecting the personnel to be authorized.

--- Page 232 ---
213
 
 
Customer Relations Centre 
The Bank’s Customer Relations Centre has positioned itself to set the standards in this sector in Türkiye.  The 
Bank’s award-winning call centre is one of the largest financial call centres in Türkiye in terms of agents and 
number of calls received.  The call centre deals with a wide range of the Bank’s services including credit cards, 
merchants, retail, SME, corporate, commercial and private banking, serving both individual and corporate 
customers.  As of 30 September 2024, the call centre had 1,149 active agents and 979 employees.  In addition 
to being one of the most important service channels, the Bank’s contact centre has a significant role as a sales 
hub.  In the nine months ended 30 September 2024, the contact centre carried out approximately 49.5 million 
contacts, 1.3 million (including 446 thousand cancelled) credit card retention calls, 871 thousand customers 
retained and 2.35 million product sales.  Approximately 56.1 % of the call centre activities are carried out via 
an interactive voice recognition system which allows self-service usage. 
Corporate Structure 
The following chart presents the corporate structure of the Bank, including the primary operating subsidiaries 
of the Bank and its shareholders as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Note: Percentages present the Bank’s direct and indirect shareholdings in five out of six subsidiaries (with the 
exception of Yapı Kredi Leasing, where the entire 99.99% shareholding is held directly). 
Subsidiaries 
Below is a description of the Bank’s primary operating subsidiaries.

--- Page 233 ---
214
 
 
Domestic Subsidiaries 
Yapı Kredi Leasing 
Yapı Kredi Leasing was established in 1987 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is 99.99% owned by 
the Bank.  Yapı Kredi Leasing has been listed on the Borsa Istanbul since 1994.  However, in accordance with 
Article 25 of the ISE Listing Regulation and the CMB’s Principle Decision on De Listing, dated 30 July 2010 
and numbered 22/675, Yapı Kredi Leasing was delisted following the second session of 20 July 2012.  As of 30 
September 2024, Yapı Kredi Leasing had shareholders’ equity of TL 7.3 billion.  As of 30 September 2024, 
Yapı Kredi Leasing had 127 employees.  The key role of Yapı Kredi Leasing is to develop and provide 
customers with leasing products through the Bank’s wide branch network as well as 12 Yapı Kredi Leasing 
branches. 
Yapı Kredi Faktoring 
Yapı Kredi Faktoring was established in 1999 and is 99.96% owned by the Bank as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Yapı Kredi Faktoring provides factoring services in Türkiye via its head office in Istanbul, branches 
in Beyoğlu, Güneşli, Kartal, Kadıköy, Trakya, Kocaeli, Izmir, Ankara, Bursa, Gaziantep, Antalya and Adana.  
The company had 126 employees as of 30 September 2024.  Yapı Kredi Faktoring offers its customers 
monitoring and collection of short term domestic or international receivables from product or service sales, 
guarantees for receivables against payment defaults and flexible financing through early payment before the 
due date of the receivables. Yapı Kredi Faktoring is a member of Factors Chain International. 
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım) 
Yapı Kredi Invest was founded in 1989, and as a leading brokerage house in Türkiye, and provides capital 
market products, brokerage, corporate finance, derivatives, leveraged foreign currency trading operations and 
investment advisory services to the individual and institutional clients inside and outside Türkiye. 
Yapı Kredi Invest has established one of the widest branch networks in Türkiye, with a presence in 14 cities in 
Türkiye.  It has eight branches in İstanbul (Bakirkoy, Halic, Goztepe, Kozyatagi, Taksim, Trakya, Kartal and 
Maslak) and 16 branches in other cities (Adana, Ankara, Antalya, Baskent, Bodrum, Bursa, Denizli, Diyarbakir, 
Gaziantep, Güney Marmara, Izmir, Karsiyaka, Kayseri, Kocaeli, Konya and Samsun). 
Yapı Kredi Invest ranked first among brokerage houses for equity in Türkiye, with a 13.28% market share of 
the equity market as of 30 September 2024, compared to 15.81%, 16.71%, and 14.11% as of 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021, respectively, according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications.  As of 30 September 2024, Yapı 
Kredi Invest generated a 22.18% market share in the derivatives market among brokerage houses, compared to 
24.83%, 23.60%, and 22.24%, as of 31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, according to Borsa 
Istanbul Data Publications. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy) 
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, private pension 
funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio advisory and private fund 
establishment services.  Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides services throughout the country through its 
head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network.  It had 64 employees as of 30 September 2024. 
As of 30 September 2024, Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 37 mutual funds, 55 hedge funds, 2 venture 
capital funds and had total assets of approximately TL 293.9 billion.  Its total market share for mutual and hedge 
funds stood at 8.15% as of 30 September 2024. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 18 private pension funds.  It had 
approximately 11.46% market share of the pension fund market in Türkiye, with assets under management of 
approximately TL 129.6 billion as of 30 September 2024. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 365 customers as of 
30 September 2024, of which 47 were institutional and 318 were high net worth individual investors. Yapı Kredi 
Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio management services, excluding 
mutual funds, were approximately TL 1 billion as of 30 September 2024.

--- Page 234 ---
215
 
 
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary portfolios, 
amounted to TL 427.8 billion as of 30 September 2024. 
Yapı Kredi Teknoloji 
Yapı Kredi Technology was founded in 2015 as a wholly-owned technology subsidiary of Yapı Kredi to offer 
innovative, creative and high value-added products and solutions in the finance sector.  The company is located 
in İstanbul Technical University ARI Technopark.  The company’s research and development activities mainly 
concentrate on two areas: 
 
Artificial intelligence (machine learning, natural language processing, data mining); and 
 
Mobile software development (on iOS and Android platforms). 
International Subsidiaries 
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland 
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, is active in the Netherlands and 
subject to the supervision of De Nederlandsche Bank (the “Dutch Central Bank”) as well as the Netherlands 
Authority for the Financial Markets.  The bank was established in May 1996 and changed its name from 
Koçbank Nederland N.V.  to Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V.  upon acquiring the latter in 2007.  The bank 
operates through its head office in Amsterdam and offers a wide range of retail, corporate and private banking 
services. 
As a commercial bank, the primary focus of Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V.  is corporate banking.  In this 
area, the bank provides various services such as working capital loans, project finance, Islamic finance (the bank 
arranges Murabaha transactions, an Islamic financing structure whereby the Bank buys a commodity that 
represents the object of the transaction and sells it to a beneficiary, at a margin of profit over cost) and investment 
services (bridge finance, investment loans, and others).  On the retail banking side, Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland 
N.V.  continues to provide services such as savings accounts and deposits.  The bank provides savings and 
deposit products to approximately 18,584 active retail and corporate customers in the Dutch market as of 30 
September 2024. 
As of 30 September 2024, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. were U.S.$3.6 billion. 
Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan 
Koçbank Azerbaijan was established as a joint venture between Koçbank (80%) and the IFC (20%) in 2000.  In 
2006, KFS became the sole owner acquiring IFC’s share.  Since early 2007, following the merger of Yapı Kredi 
and Koçbank, the Bank has continued functioning under the “Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan” brand.  Yapı Kredi 
Bank Azerbaijan provides retail and corporate banking services to its customers, including loans, deposits, 
project finance, domestic and international money transfers, trade finance, equity market and securities 
transactions, credit card transactions, safe deposit box and travel cheques.  As of 30 September 2024, Yapı Kredi 
Bank Azerbaijan operated through 9 branches, one central customer office, plus one satellite branch, it had 246 
employees and 2,272 corporate customers, 3,293 SME customers and 51,860 retail customers, 32 ATMs and 
2,575 POS terminals.  In September 2012, Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan also launched credit card sales alongside 
its retail operations.  As of 30 September 2024, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan were U.S.$ 
347,462 million. 
Yapı Kredi Bank Deutschland 
On 23 July 2024, following the approval of regulatory authorities, the Bank completed the acquisition of 
Bankhaus J.  Faisst OHG, which has since been rebranded as “Yapı Kredi Bank Deutschland GmbH & Co. 
OHG”.  This newly established, wholly owned subsidiary operates in Germany, marking the Bank’s second 
banking entity within the European Union, alongside its existing operations in the Netherlands.  Yapı Kredi 
Bank Deutschland is a commercial bank with a primary focus on corporate banking, retail banking & private 
banking.

--- Page 235 ---
216
 
 
Associates 
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A. 
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A.  (“BCP”) is a Swiss bank established in 1963 and is 30.67% owned 
by the Bank.  BCP has been an affiliate of the Bank since 1996.  BCP operates in the areas of trade finance, 
wealth management, treasury services, and correspondent banking.  As of July 2024, Fitch Ratings reaffirmed 
BCP’s Long-Term Issuer Default Rating at ‘BBB-’ with a Stable Outlook and the bank’s Viability Rating at 
‘BBB-’.  Headquartered in Geneva, the bank also operates through its branches in Luxembourg and Dubai. 
Yapı Kredi Insurance (Yapı Kredi Sigorta) and Yapı Kredi Pension (Yapı Kredi Emeklilik) 
The Group agreed to sell its non-life and life insurance businesses to Allianz and to establish a 15-year strategic 
distribution partnership for non-life insurance, life insurance and pension products in Türkiye.  Following 
regulatory approvals, the transaction was finalised on 12 July 2013. 
As the first component of this transaction, the Group sold its 93.94% stake in Yapı Kredi Insurance, including 
Yapı Kredi Pension, to Allianz for total cash consideration of TL 1,790 million (of which TL 1,410 million will 
accrue to the Bank).  As the second component of the transaction, the Group then bought back and retained a 
total 19.93% stake in Yapı Kredi Pension for cash consideration of TL 188 million in order to benefit from the 
expected strong growth in the life insurance and pension business in Türkiye. 
As the third component of the transaction, the Group also entered into the 15-year bancassurance agreement 
with Allianz for the marketing and distribution of non-life insurance, life insurance and pension products 
through the Group’s retail network and other alternative delivery channels.  The partnership combines the 
Group’s customer-focused leading retail franchise in Türkiye with Allianz’s global experience and leadership 
in developing and managing insurance products.  Throughout the duration of the Bancassurance Agreement, the 
Bank is to receive a commission flow for the distribution services as well as a profit share from its life insurance 
sales. 
Competition 
In recent years, the banking sector has become increasingly important to the Turkish economy and foreign banks 
have continued to be involved in the sector. 
According to the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 September 2024, there were a total of 55 banks licensed 
to operate in Türkiye excluding nine participation banks.  According to BRSA, as of 30 September 2023, the 
five largest banks in Türkiye held approximately 63% of the banking sector’s aggregate loan portfolio and 
approximately 61% of aggregate banking sector assets in Türkiye.  Among the 10 largest banks, there are three 
state owned banks:  Ziraat (ranked first), Halkbank (ranked third) and Vakıfbank (ranked second), which 
constituted approximately 89% of the total banking sector assets as of 30 September 2024.  Foreign banks have 
shown a continued interest in the banking sector in Türkiye in recent years.  Foreign banks such as BNP Paribas, 
Burgan Bank, Emirates NBD, ING, Qatar National Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar, Commercial Bank of 
China and Odeabank all have interests in Turkish banks. 
According to BRSA statistics, as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Bank’s market 
share in loans, deposits and assets were as follows: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
(%)
Loans..................................................................
8.4
8.1
8.2
8.3
Deposits..............................................................
7.6
7.5
8.0
8.1
Assets .................................................................
8.3
8.1
8.4
8.7
Source:  Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Agency (BRSA) 
 
As of 30 September 2024, according to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking 
Association, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets.  According to BRSA 
statistics, as of 30 September 2024, the Bank ranked third among private banks in terms of cash and non-cash

--- Page 236 ---
217
 
 
loans (including letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 17% market share, and had a 
market share of 18% in consumer loans (ranking fourth) including mortgages, general purpose and auto loans, 
14% in commercial instalment loans (ranking second) and 14.3% in company loans (ranking fourth).  As of 30 
September 2024, the Bank’s market share in total deposits among private banks was 14.4% (compared to 14.3% 
as of 31 December 2023, 15.2% as of 31 December 2022, and 14.3% as of 31 December 2021) according to 
BRSA statistics. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank’s market share in total cash loans among private banks was 15.9% 
(compared with a market share of 16.0% as of 31 December 2023, 16.1% as of 31 December 2022, and 16.2% 
as of 31 December 2021) according to BRSA statistics.  The Bank ranked fourth, with a revenue market share 
of 15.9% for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 according to BRSA statistics.  The Bank’s management 
views Garanti Bank, Akbank and İşbank as the Bank’s main competitors. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank was a Turkish market leader in credit cards (19.2% market share in credit 
card outstanding volumes (ranking third) according to BRSA statistics, 14.7% market share in credit card issuing 
volumes (ranking third) and 15.5% market share in number of credit cards (ranking first), according to the 
Interbank Card Centre data).  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank has strong positions in asset management 
(ranked third, with a 8.2% market share according to Rasyonet).  As of 30 September 2024, the Bank was ranked 
third among private banks with a 20.0% market share in non-cash loans according to the BRSA statistics. 
Employees 
As of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group had 
15,827, 15,954, 16,339 and 16,313 employees, respectively, of whom 14,911, 15,009, 15,431 and 15,452, 
respectively, were employees of the Bank. The following table sets out the number of employees of the Group 
and the Bank as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Bank..............................................................
14,911 
15,009 
15,431 
15,452 
Head office and operations............................
7,403
7,747
8,007
7,636
Branches........................................................
7,508
7,262
7,424
7,816
Subsidiaries...................................................
916 
945 
908 
861 
Total Group .................................................
15,827 
15,954 
16,339 
16,313 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has a qualified workforce with appropriate educational 
backgrounds. All employees are trained in customer-oriented service principles and are considered competent 
in technical banking applications. Women represented 62% of total employees, and the proportion of university 
graduates was 90% as of 30 September 2024. As part of the Bank’s training strategy, the Bank employs new 
graduates and prepares them within the institutional culture for managerial positions. 
Within the Bank, there are unionised employees, for whom a collective bargaining agreement (the “CBA”) 
applies, in addition to Turkish labour laws and the Bank’s personnel regulations, which apply to all of the Bank’s 
employees. In total, 8,516 of the Bank’s employees were members of the Union, amounting to 57% of all 
employees as of 30 September 2024. 
With respect to Union employees, the Bank’s management and Union officials meet regularly to exchange 
information on working conditions. The Bank and the Union agree and sign new protocols to the CBA every 
two years and the latest agreement covers the period from 1 April 2023 to 31 December 2024. The Bank also 
provides additional benefits to its employees including a group retirement plan, health insurance and welfare 
fund. 
The total number of the Group’s employees decreased to 15,827 as of 30 September 2024, as compared to 
15,954 as of 31 December 2023. The main reason for the decrease in the total number of employees was due to 
retirement in 2024.  
 
Information Technologies 
The Group maintains its information technologies and operations infrastructure in order to support its growing 
business and minimise operational risk and business interruption.  The Bank operates a 2,000 square meter 
information technology centre in Gebze, Kocaeli (43 kilometres from Istanbul), which deals with all of the

--- Page 237 ---
218
 
 
Bank’s technology functions and initiatives.  The fully operational information technology centre provides 
services to the Bank’s headquarters, branches and customers.  The Bank has developed much of its software in-
house, including its internet banking software, through its software development department. 
The Group has developed and implemented procedures for emergency system and data restoration and maintains 
a separate disaster recovery centre in Ankara, which has been in place since 1998.  The disaster recovery site 
contains all key applications, such as Core Banking, Internet Banking, Workflow Systems, Credit Cards 
Systems, ATMs, EFT, SWIFT and Treasury.  Data is transferred online as defined in Disaster Recovery 
Procedures.  The Group maintains a remote online real time disaster recovery system, which is operated when 
the main production system or main data centre is not available.  The Group can transfer operations and re-route 
data lines through the disaster recovery system within 30 minutes.  The disaster recovery centre is tested on a 
bi-annual basis.  This has enabled the Bank to be in full compliance with Basel III requirements for systems and 
data. 
In 2011, the Group decided to increase information technology (“IT”) capacity to enable better service to the 
business.  The IT project development capacity has been increased by 50% from 2011 to 2014 and by 2024 IT 
capacity reached 375,000 people. 
The Bank completed 324 IT projects in 2021, and 404 in 2022.  For 2023, over 500 projects were initiated and 
for 2024, 450 IT projects were initiated. 
Within the scope of the Bank’s business continuity plan, the Bank began studying its back-up infrastructure 
relating to Treasury applications in September 2020 and successfully completed the project by the end of 2021.  
With this project; the Bank confirmed that its infrastructure withstands to any potential business interruptions 
or failure of its Treasury applications. 
Ongoing programmes 
 
Fintech Company Programme.  Within the scope of this programme, the Bank aims to establish a 
new mobile application with functions of digital asset custody, digital asset trading and crypto functions.  
For this purpose, a financial technology (“Fintech”) subsidiary focused on crypto was established 
within the Bank.  The Bank aims to serve to expand its individual customer base by targeting unbanked 
and underserved populations.  With the mobile application the Bank is developing, the Bank will be 
able to offer its customers securely invest and store digital assets.  The programme started in August 
2022 and POC activities for digital asset custody were completed as of October 2023.  The digital asset 
custody has a projected go-live date in the fourth quarter of 2025. 
 
Open Banking Programme has two major goals.  The primary goal is to cover the regulatory 
requirements established by the CBRT and the BRSA (the “Regulatory Goal”).  A secondary goal is 
to address the business requirements, which will be crucial for the traditional banks adopting to the open 
banking environment (the “Business Goal”). The programme started in January 2021 and for the 
Regulatory Goal, software development was completed at the end of 2022 with respect to the CBRT, 
as expected. The programme will continue until the end of 2024. 
 
Commercial Digitalization Programme aims to diversify the channels that the corporate customers 
use, to facilitate self-service product sales, to increase access to digital channels and product sales 
through digital channels and to develop remote service models.  The programme started in November 
2020 and will continue until the end of December 2025. 
 
Digital Onboarding Agile Programme (the “DOB”) aims to complete the end-to-end digital customer 
acquisition by arranging the existing digital onboarding process within the framework of new 
regulations, to design a customizable structure for product sales, and to start the acquisition of merchants 
(as individuals) and sole proprietorships (what the Bank refers to as “205 and 210 type customers”). 
The programme started in January 2021, and the Bank aims to complete the programme in December 
2024. 
 
Next Generation Banking Architecture Programme has two major goals for the bank.  The primary 
goal is to increase scalability and availability of online banking applications with on-premises cloud.  A 
secondary goal is to convert applications to modular micro-services architecture (Application 
Modernization).  The programme started in June 2020 and is expected to be completed in the second

--- Page 238 ---
219
 
 
quarter of 2025.  Currently all Limitless Banking channel transactions are performed through cloud 
based infrastructures.  For application modernization workstream, 75% of the financial applications 
have been transformed to microservices architecture, overall programme completion ratio is 83%. 
 
The Growth Hacking Programme is a continuation of the Conversion Design Programme.  It aims to 
increase sales through digital channels, to maximize the efficiency of digital sales actions, and present 
the right offer to the right customer in real time with the best experience.  The programme started in 
March 2023. The scope of the Growth Hacking Programme was created by adding new demands 
alongside demands received from the backlog of the Conversion Design Programme.  These requests 
are taken forward according to the order of priority during the Dynamic Planning Periods. There are 
currently two ongoing projects in the program and five projects have been already completed. With the 
addition of the My Limits project, the total effort has been updated to 1901 md and the program end 
date has been amended to January 2025. The program completion rate is 56%. 
 
Salary Programme - Phase 2 The aim and purpose of the Salary Programme is to increase the customer 
profitability by reviewing the processes of salary customers, salary companies and retired 
customers.  The programme started in May 2023, and will be completed in 2025. 
 
Insurance Programme aims to make the necessary developments for increasing insurance product 
variety, strengthening regulatory checkpoints, developing simple and user-friendly screens in branch 
sales, increasing commission income and penetration rate. The programme started in July 2023 and will 
be completed in June 2025. 
 
Employee-Centric Digital Transformation Programme aims to enhance the employee experience 
and facilitate access to information by streamlining Human Resources and Internal Services 
management processes. One of the programme’s most significant achievements will be the intranet 
portal, redesigned with updated technology, features and content. As part of this transformation, we will 
implement a Generative AI –Enabled search infrastructure, allowing employees to quickly and easily 
access the information they need. Additionally, a super app mobile application will be developed, 
enabling our employees to access all corporate mobile applications within a single interface. The 
programme started in June 2024, and will be completed in December 2026. 
Property 
The Group owns or leases premises for its head office, branches and operations centres.  As of 30 September 
2024, the Group’s fixed assets (comprising land, land improvements, buildings, computer hardware and other 
fixed assets) had a total net book value of TL 29,704,939 thousand (U.S.$ 870,576 thousand) or 1.19% of the 
Bank’s total assets.  The Group owns its headquarters buildings in Istanbul and its operations centre in Gebze.  
As of 30 September 2024, the Bank owned approximately 16% of its branches and the rest were leased. 
Insurance 
The Group maintains insurance policies with levels of coverage it deems necessary given the nature of its 
business.  The Group’s fixed assets, cash in transit and cash in hand are covered by general insurance 
arrangements covering normal risks.  The Bank generally requires that real property assets owned by borrowers 
which form part of the collateral for loans the Bank makes are insured.  The Bank does not have any credit risk 
insurance in relation to defaults by its customers as this type of insurance is generally not available in Türkiye.  
The Group maintains insurance on its properties, including its head office and branches and personal property, 
with respect to such risks, including earthquakes and terrorist attacks, and in such amounts as the Group deems 
appropriate. 
Legal Proceedings 
From time to time, in the ordinary course of its business, the Group is party to legal proceedings, both as a 
plaintiff and a defendant.  There are no legal proceedings pending, or to the Group’s knowledge threatened, that 
may materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition.  As of 
30 September 2024, the Group recognised a provision of TL 335,570 thousand in respect of legal proceedings. 
On 12 December 2019, the Ministry of Treasury and Finance Insurance General Directorate imposed an 
administrative penalty on the Bank for violations of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 5684 and other relevant

--- Page 239 ---
220
 
 
legislative provisions.  According to the first paragraph of Article 24 of the Regulation on Insurance Agencies, 
the Bank was warned that its insurance brokerage activity may be temporarily suspended for up to six months.  
Following an evaluation of the Bank’s public disclosures of the subject within the framework of Article 29 of 
the regulations on the principles and procedures of the insurance and private pension sectors regarding 
supervision and control, an administrative penalty of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank on 24 January 
2020.  An administrative penalty of TL 140,328,638 was paid on 6 February 2020 in accordance with Article 
17/6 of the Misdemeanours Law No. 5326, by using the 25% advance payment discount.   
On 24 July 2024, the Bank was notified that one of its shareholders, Ali İhsan Gürcan, filed a lawsuit requesting 
the appointment of a special auditor and an annulment of certain general assembly decisions held on 29 March 
2024.  Such decisions relate to the Bank’s remuneration and dividend policies (agenda items numbered 7 and 9 
from the Bank’s General Assembly).  The Bank believes the decisions in question comply with the regulations 
of the Turkish Commercial Code, BRSA and CMB.  The first trial is yet to take place at Istanbul’s 9th 
Commercial Court of First Instance (File Number:  2024/385).

--- Page 240 ---
221
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Internal Audit Department 
The Bank’s internal audit department reports to the Audit Committee and utilises a risk-oriented approach to 
assess credit risk, operational and IT risk, and market risk, including within the Bank’s subsidiaries.  The 
department also performs investigations. 
The Group’s retail branches are audited based on the analysis of certain risk indicators, with between a one- and 
four-year audit cycle based on risk classifications.  Moreover, the risk trends of each branch are monitored 
quarterly through key risk indicators.  A 12-month audit cycle is applied to the Corporate and Private Banking 
branches, and an 18-month audit cycle is applied to the Commercial branches. 
The Head Office departments are audited based on the risk assessments, whilst also considering the requests of 
a shareholder, governing bodies, top management and regulators.  The audit period for the Head Office 
departments may vary from between one to five years in accordance with the results of the risk assessments.  
Regular branch and process audits are scheduled based on an annual audit plan which is submitted to the Board 
of Directors for approval.  In addition, significant internal audit results are submitted to the Board of Directors 
at least four times a year through the Audit Committee. 
In addition, the BRSA requires a “Management Assertion” study of Banking processes and IT systems to be 
completed by the Internal Audit Department annually.  The latest Management Assertion study was completed 
as of 31 December 2021 and the Board of Directors was informed of the results. 
Risk Management Department 
The Bank’s risk management department functions independently from its commercial operations.  With the 
Credit Committee and the Asset and Liability Management function of the Executive Committee, the Risk 
Management department is an integral part of ensuring the Bank’s compliance with the Banking Law, with 
respect to measuring, monitoring and managing the credit market and operational risks concerning the Bank’s 
portfolio. 
The basic functions of the Risk Management department are to measure and manage risks in a manner consistent 
with the Bank’s risk appetite.  The department is also responsible for:  (a) maximising returns on invested capital 
and maintaining sustainable profit growth, (b) monitoring trends in risk exposures and communicating 
irregularities to senior management, (c) monitoring asset and liability profiles to allow the Bank to take 
rebalancing actions on a timely basis, (d) defining the risk structures of products, processes and services, 
(e) measuring the credit risk of the Bank’s portfolio via rating models, and (f) ensuring the Bank’s compliance 
with the Banking Law. 
As of 30 September 2024, the risk management department had 125 employees.  The main organisational 
segments of the department are Credit Risk Strategy, Modelling and Reporting, Risk Validation and Market 
Risk Management. 
Credit Risk Strategies, Modelling and Reporting 
Risk control involves the following key roles and responsibilities in the Bank:  (a) defining the optimum 
composition of the overall loan portfolio and identifying risk positions within legal and Group limitations, 
(b) preparing credit risk budget in line with the Bank’s risk appetite and lending targets, (c) monitoring the 
evolution of credit risk for all segments (including by industry, type and sector), (d) preparing and presenting 
strategic credit risk related reports to the senior management (including the evolution of loan provisioning and 
comparison with peer banks), (e) calculating cost of risk and related provisions by segments to assess the 
underlying risk of the loan portfolio and maintain asset quality, (f) preparing ICAAP, stress test and RRP, and 
(g) providing support to the Bank’s subsidiaries whilst simultaneously coordinating their functions, with the 
aim of achieving loan portfolio with the best credit-worthiness possible as well as ensuring the proper 
implementation of their credit, credit risk cost and budgeting processes.  This includes the preparation of action 
plans for such subsidiaries in order to align implementation processes across the Group. 
The other responsibilities are the following:  (a) measuring the credit risk of portfolios by developing Probability 
of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”) and Loss Given Default (“LGD”) models, which are used to

--- Page 241 ---
222
 
 
compute the Expected Loss (“EL”) of a subject if it were to default, (b) defining the business specifications of 
all information technology tools used throughout the credit processes and the information technology systems 
where information about credit risk is kept (e.g. limits, risks, collaterals, credit risk datamarts in the 
DataWarehouse), (c) evaluating new credit products and changes to existing credit products, (d) leading credit 
risk related Basel internal ratings-based (“IRB”) preparations at a Group level in anticipation of approaches by 
the BRSA, (e) establishing, monitoring and coordinating studies related to Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process and economic capital calculations, (f) managing and monitoring rule sets used in corporate, 
commercial, SME and retail portfolios for underwriting, monitoring and collection purposes, and (g) making 
economic calculations for the credit portfolio. 
The operational side of the Risk Management department encompasses responsibility for the following tasks:  
(a) defining the Group’s operational risk policy covering IT risks, (b) issuing guidelines for the measuring, 
evaluation and management of operational risks and IT risks, and ensuring correct implementation both at Bank 
and subsidiary levels, (c) developing and regularly updating the operational risk measuring and monitoring 
systems and models at Group level, (d) measuring and monitoring operational risks and IT risks at Group level, 
(e) carrying out “second level controls” for operational risks and IT risks at Group level, (f) ensuring compliance 
with Basel II in the area of operational risk, (g) managing the Business Continuity Plan of the Bank with 
particular responsibility for assuring the establishment and maintenance of the plan, and controlling and 
coordinating the various entities involved in the process, (h) preparing action plans for operational risk 
mitigation and coordinating the implementation of such plans, (i) taking into account the significance of 
reputational risk and consequently setting and ensuring implementation of policies and strategies, which are 
assessed, quantified and managed with the overall intention of minimising such complications, and (j) 
establishing and reviewing the support services risk management programme and giving risk opinion for support 
service procurement requests. 
Lending Policy 
Lending Limits 
The BRSA defines large exposure as an exposure exceeding 10% of the Bank’s capital base in light of BRSA 
credit conversion factors.  The Bank’s total exposure to a single company or group cannot exceed 25% of the 
Bank’s capital base.  Total exposure to a risk group (which includes Koç Holding) cannot exceed 20% of the 
Bank’s capital base.  The total of the Bank’s large exposures cannot exceed the Bank’s capital base by more 
than eight times.  To date, the Bank has never exceeded these ratios.  Further description of the applicable 
regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Lending Limits” in this Base 
Prospectus. 
According to the Bank’s credit policy each individual sector should not exceed a targeted level of 10% of total 
loan portfolio.  Currently, the only industrial sectors that exceed this internal limitation are the energy sector 
and the construction sector (including infrastructure, real estate and construction), including non-cash lending.  
These sectors also include various sub sectors, such as the commercial real estate finance sub sector, as well as 
various loan types, such as project finance loans that are supported by legal commitments and collateral from 
the treasury and public institutions, which sub subsectors and loan types constitute a significant share of these 
sectors. 
Limit Structure 
Since 2015, in respect of corporate and commercial clients, the Bank’s credit underwriting divides commercial 
credit products into five risk categories:  cash, payment guarantee, other non-cash, cash management and 
derivative. 
Approval Authorities 
In general, the lowest level of authoritative personnel for credit approval is the branch manager for corporate 
and commercial loans.  Up to certain thresholds, there is no involvement of credit departments at either branch 
or regional level. 
For corporate and commercial banking, above the level of the Regional Manager, the credit department has 
authority to review and approve any credit decisions.  If the credit department’s decision is negative, the credit 
proposal may be passed up to an authority one level further above.

--- Page 242 ---
223
 
 
The corporate and commercial banking credit department is authorised to approve loans above U.S.$250,000 or 
above the adjusted limit (after taking rating and product coefficients into account capped with a nominal limit 
of U.S.$500,000).  There is no sales authority for SME and Medium Enterprises (“ME”) customers. 
There is no sales authority for business banking and SME/ME underwriting.  The business banking credit 
underwriting department has authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those which are automated.  The 
Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to TL 1,500,000. 
For the SME, ME, commercial and international and multinational banking customers, the corporate & 
commercial credit underwriting department is organised into twenty-three regions (eight in Istanbul and 15 in 
Anatolia) and in the Bank’s head office.  The rating system, as well as the results from internal and external 
inquiries, are among the major parameters for credit decisions in underwriting.  Relevant external and internal 
information is gathered and fed into the underwriting tools automatically.  New and existing clients with bad 
ratings are evaluated manually by credit underwriting department for SME customers whereas clients with 
ratings that meet certain thresholds are approved automatically by the system in SME and ME segments.  There 
is no automatic approval or rejection for corporate & commercial customers. 
Higher Credit and/or Reputation Risk Loans 
Certain types of transactions entail a higher credit and/or reputation risk for the Bank and are therefore either 
discouraged or require a higher level of approval.  The Bank applies higher levels of approval and a prudent 
approach towards loans in other sectors, such as media, health and arms and weapons dealings. 
Corporate and Commercial Lending 
Corporate and commercial underwriting is performed by three units:  the corporate credit underwriting section, 
the commercial credit underwriting section and the specialised credit underwriting section.  The Bank’s 
corporate customers are companies or groups with annual turnover of greater than TL 2 billion, as well as e-
commerce and payment system companies and financial institutions.  Commercial customers are companies 
with an annual turnover of between TL 100 million to TL 2 billion, while corporate customers are companies 
with an annual turnover of more than TL 2 billion.  Companies with turnover of less than TL 100 million are 
considered to be part of the Bank’s SME segment.  The commercial credit underwriting section has both regional 
and head office organisation.  Head office underwriting has three sections:  the corporate credit underwriting 
section, the commercial credit underwriting section and the project finance credit underwriting section.  The 
specialised credit and corporate credit teams are located in the head office.  There are 23 underwriting regions 
(eight in Istanbul and 15 in Anatolia) in addition to the Bank’s head office.  The project finance credit team 
analyses the credit requests for energy (hydro, wind, solar, thermal, biomass, distribution etc.), real estate 
(shopping centres or mixed type projects), shipping (ship construction and ship operation) and mergers and 
acquisitions. 
SME and ME lending is performed within the corporate & commercial credit department.  The SME and ME 
segments consists of companies having turnover between TL 5 million to TL 100 million and total bank 
exposure between TL 1.5 million and TL 40 million.  
Retail Lending 
Retail underwriting utilises scorecards, decision trees and rule sets to evaluate the creditworthiness of 
applications.  Once the data entry for credit card and individual loan applications is performed, inquiries to 
external sources (including the credit bureau and the Central Bank) and internal data sources (including 
customer information file and product performance) are run.  Retail application scores are calculated through a 
computerised system.  Once the inquiries are completed, the data is sent to the decision engine, where decision 
trees, data methods, and rule sets are checked and the final decision is provided. 
Maximum loan to value (“LTV”) ratios for home loans of private individuals are determined according to BRSA 
regulations as demonstrated in the following tables: 
The consumer, his/her spouse and children under the age of 18 don’t 
have any residential title deed records
 
The consumer, his/her spouse and children under the age of 18 have 
at least one residential title deed record
LTV ratios for first-hand home loans
LTV ratios for first-hand home loans
Energy Class
Energy Class
Expertise Value of the house
A
B
Other
Expertise Value of the house
A
B
Other
Between 0-5 milllion TL
90%
85%
80%
Between 0-5 milllion TL
22.5%
21.25%
20%

--- Page 243 ---
224
 
 
Between 5-10 milllion TL
80%
75%
70%
Between 5-10 milllion TL
20%
18.75%
17.5%
Between 10-20 milllion TL
70%
65%
60%
Between 10-20 milllion TL
17.75%
16.25%
15%
Over 20 milllion TL
60%
55%
50%
Over 20 milllion TL
15%
13.75%
12.5%
LTV ratios for second-hand home loans
LTV ratios for second-hand home loans
Energy Class
Energy Class
Expertise Value of the house
A
B
Other
Expertise Value of the house
A
B
Other
Between 0-1 milllion TL
90%
90%
90%
Between 0-1 milllion TL
22.5%
22.5%
22.5%
Between 1-2 milllion TL
70%
65%
60%
Between 1-2 milllion TL
17.5%
16.25%
15%
Between 2-5 milllion TL
60%
55%
50%
Between 2-5 milllion TL
15%
13.75%
12.5%
Between 5-10 milllion TL 
3 mil TL 
2.75 mil TL 
2.5 mil TL 
Between 5-10 milllion TL 
750KTL 
687.500 TL 
625K TL 
Over 10 milllion TL
0%
0%
0%
Over 10 milllion TL
0%
0%
0%
 
Maximum LTV ratios for car loans for private individuals are 70% if the invoice amount is equal or smaller 
than 400,000 TL, 50% for invoice amounts between 400,000 TL and 800,000 TL, 30% for invoice amounts 
between 800,000 TL and 1,200,000 TL and 20% for invoice amounts between 1,200,000 TL and 2,000,000 TL. 
LTV ratio is 0% for invoice amounts over 2,000,000 TL. 
The LTV ratio applicable to working premises loans is 50%. 
Credit card limits are calculated as twice the monthly net income of the customer for the first year.  For the 
second and subsequent years, credit limits are calculated as four times the monthly net income of the customer. 
The Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to TL 1,500,000.  For all other 
loans about which the system cannot make a credit decision, the underwriting policy is applied. 
There is no sales authority for business banking.  The business banking credit underwriting department has 
authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those which are automated. 
Rating Models 
For corporate and commercial clients, internal application rating models integrated within the underwriting 
process assign a probability of default to each borrower.  The model is composed of various customer segments, 
including construction, production, trade, and services, as well as modules that encompass information domains.  
These domains include central bank data, balance sheet data, negative intelligence data, and Yapı Kredi 
behaviour data (including information on limit/risk utilization and delinquency statistics).  The categories stated 
above involve the quantitative side of the model; however, a module for the qualitative portion of assessment is 
also used. 
Though independently rated, all four segments have been unified to establish a master rating system consisting 
of 23 different ratings. 
The behavioural scorecards are rating models that are aimed at measuring the creditworthiness of existing 
clients.  The behavioural scorecard for corporate and commercial clients was updated in May 2023.  The model 
has the same structure (segments and module) as the application model. 
For SME portfolios, the behavioral scorecard was updated in January 2023.  The model has the same model 
segments as the application model; however, the variables of behaviour and application models are different 
from each other. 
The outcomes of rating models reflect the riskiness of each rated customer/credit, and generic provisions are set 
aside in accordance with each performing client’s/credit’s rating.  These differentiated evaluation 
methodologies and processes are based on market segments and give the Bank the ability to measure, manage 
and monitor credit risk in a more accurate way. 
Loan Loss Provisioning Policy 
For purposes of loss provisioning the loans are divided into five groups. 
 
1st group:  Includes standard loans and other receivables, reimbursement of which has been 
made within the specified periods or for which no reimbursement problems are expected in the 
future, and which can be fully collected.  No deterioration in the credit risk of the debtor has 
been observed.

--- Page 244 ---
225
 
 
 
2nd group:  Includes closely monitored loans and other receivables with respect to which there 
is no problem at present but which the Bank believes should be more closely monitored for 
reasons such as decreasing solvency or cash flow problems of the debtor, significant financial 
risk carried by the debtor, or more generally for which capital sum and interest repayments are 
likely to fail and the persistence of such problems might result in partial or full non-payment 
risk. 
 
3rd group:  Includes loans and other receivables with limited collection ability.  These include 
loans with respect to which the collection of the principal sum and/or interest has been delayed 
for more than 90 days but less than 180 days from the due date. 
 
4th group:  Includes doubtful loans and other receivables with respect to which the collection 
of the principal and/or interest has been delayed for more than 180 days but less than one year 
from the due date. 
 
5th group:  Includes loans and other receivables, which are considered as a loss.  These include 
loans that are deemed to be uncollectable, or where collection of principal and/or interest has 
been delayed by one year or more from the due date. 
Starting from 1 January 2018, the Bank’s classification of financial assets (especially in loans and receivables) 
and calculation of provisions changed according to TFRS 9. 
In accordance with TFRS 9, the Bank’s loan loss provisioning policy was replaced by the expected credit loss 
(“ECL”) model.  ECL estimates are required to be unbiased, probability-weighted, and should include 
supportable information about past events, current conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions.  The 
ECL should reflect multiple macroeconomic scenarios and include the time value of money.  The ECL model 
applies to all on-balance financial assets accounted for at amortized cost and fair value through other 
comprehensinve income (“FVOCI”) such as loans and debt securities, as well as to off-balance items such as 
certain loan commitments, financial guarantees, and undrawn revolving credit facilities. 
These financial assets are divided into three categories depending on the gradual increase in credit risk observed 
since their initial recognition.  Impairment shall be recognized on outstanding amounts in each category, as 
follows: 
 
Stage 1:  For financial assets at initial recognition or which do not have a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition.  Impairment for credit risk is recorded on the basis of 12-
month expected credit losses. 
 
Stage 2:  In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the financial 
asset will be transferred to this category.  Impairment for credit risk will be determined on the 
basis of the instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
Stage 3:  Includes financial assets which have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting 
date.  For these assets, lifetime ECLs are recognized and interest revenue is calculated on the 
net carrying amount. 
Risk Validation 
The risk validation department is responsible for second level control of all data, models, processes and 
strategies used in the Bank’s risk management procedures.  In addition to risk management, there are several 
tasks performed by the Bank’s finance departments and treasury for which the Bank’s risk validation team is 
also responsible. 
These risk validation activities are carried out by three different sub-departments. 
Regulatory Risk Validation 
The regulatory risk validation sub-department is responsible for any model involved in risk management that is 
subject to national standards and regulations. End-to-end validations are performed focusing on data, modelling 
and processes.  The fields subject to validation are validated at least once a year to track against any possible 
deterioration.

--- Page 245 ---
226
 
 
Fields subject to validation are: 
 
IRB models:  PD, EAD and LGD; 
 
TFRS9 models:  PD, EAD, LGD, SICR Processes (measures significant increase in Credit 
Risk), Discounted Cash Flow (Individual Assessment Process), Prepayment Model (estimates 
probability of loans being paid before due date), Overdue (estimates amount of additional 
interest cost if customer becomes delinquent), Behavioral Maturity (estimates maturity for non-
deterministic products); and 
 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) process. 
Strategic Risk Validation 
The strategic risk validation sub-department is responsible for the validation of all data, models, processes and 
strategies used in the Bank’s risk management and its scope is not clearly defined by national standards and 
regulations. The strategic risk validation sub-department also validates internal transfer pricing calculated by 
the treasury.  Fields subject to validation are: 
 
all managerial models used in decision support systems; 
 
underwriting, collection and monitoring strategies; 
 
market risk and counterparty credit risk; 
 
fair value of treasury products; 
 
internal pricing model; and 
 
value at risk model. 
Rating Models Risk Validation 
The rating models risk validation sub-department is responsible for the validation of all data, models and 
processes related to the Bank’s internal capital adequacy assessment process (“ICAAP”) and models used by 
the Bank’s marketing department. 
Fields subject to validation are: 
 
ICAAP and stress tests; 
 
macroeconomic variables; 
 
operational risk; 
 
specialized lending; and 
 
marketing models. 
Exposure to Credit Risk 
The top 20 clients of the Bank mainly include leading conglomerates and state owned enterprises in Türkiye.  
As of 30 September 2024, the share of the top 20 companies in terms of the total gross loans to companies 
amounted to 11.1%.  The Bank has not experienced any deterioration in the credit quality of these clients. 
Market Risk 
As part of a financial group, the Bank is constantly exposed to interest rate, liquidity and foreign exchange risks.  
The Bank’s market risk policy provides for guidelines with respect to the market risk management and binding 
limit structure and defines roles and responsibilities of the various teams involved.  Market risk is managed 
based on the treatment of the Bank’s banking and trading books.  The banking book consists of all assets and 
liabilities arising from commercial activities, and is sensitive to interest rate and foreign exchange movements.

--- Page 246 ---
227
 
 
The trading book includes positions held for trading, client servicing purposes or keeping the Bank’s market 
making status. 
The Bank’s trading activity is realised on foreign exchange, securities and derivatives, which are tolerated within 
predefined limits.  Risk limits are set in terms of end-of-day and intra-day position basis, as well as VaR 
monitored on a daily basis.  Monitoring of trading activity is performed daily through reports prepared by the 
market Risk Management department, which show VaR positions and stop-loss limits, in addition to 
back-testing profit and loss figures.  Foreign exchange position risk compared to the pre-defined limits are also 
monitored in terms of end of day and intraday position basis.  These reports are then sent to the Bank’s executive 
management and the Treasury department. 
The banking book’s interest rate risk is measured daily on basis point sensitivity and monthly through the 
economic value perspective.  The economic value sensitivity method calculates the potential change in fair value 
of the Bank’s interest rate positions resulting from a parallel upward or downward shift of the yield curve.  This 
interest rate fluctuation is to be maintained within 20% of the Bank’s shareholders equity.  Interest rate swaps 
are utilised to mitigate the banking book interest rate risk resulting from the maturity mismatch. 
The Bank monitors liquidity risk daily, paying particular attention to keeping enough cash and cash equivalent 
instruments to fund increases in assets, unexpected decreases in liabilities, as well as meeting legal requirements, 
while optimising the cost of carrying any excess liquidity.  The liquidity policy provides guidelines to quantify 
the liquidity position and achieve a sound balance between profitability and liquidity needs.  Liquidity risk limits 
are set both for short term and structural long term liquidity positions.  The Bank has its own liquidity 
contingency plan on liquidity management.  Moreover, the Bank maintains the majority of its securities portfolio 
as marketable, thus facilitating access to repo market as and when short liquidity is needed. 
The Bank’s derivative instruments are limited to financial instruments such as forwards, swaps, futures and 
options in foreign exchange and capital markets.  These transactions are considered effective economic hedges 
under the Group’s management policies. 
As part of its market risk management, the Bank undertakes various hedging strategies.  The Bank also enters 
into interest rate swaps to match the interest rate risk associated with the fixed rate long-term loans. 
Fair value hedges 
From 1 March 2009 through 11 April 2023, when the underlying instrument matured, the Bank hedged the 
possible fair value effects of changes in market interest rates on part of its fixed interest Turkish Lira mortgage 
and car loan portfolios, as well as changes in foreign exchange rates on part of its foreign currency borrowed 
denominated funds, using cross currency rate swaps.  The net carrying value of hedging instruments as of 30 
September 2023 was nil following maturity of the instrument on 11 April 2023 and amounted to liabilities of 
TL 1,380,313 thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 988,874 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 620,019 
thousand as of 31 December 2020.  As of maturity of the instrument on 11 April 2023, the mark to market 
difference of the hedging instruments since the inception date of the hedge relationship was a loss of TL (12,725) 
thousand compared with a gain of TL 23,015 thousand as of 31 December 2022, a loss of TL 10,081 thousand 
as of 31 December 2021 and a loss of TL 22,056 thousand as of 31 December 2020.  As of maturity of the 
instrument on 11 April 2023, the fair value difference of the hedged item was TL nil thousand compared with 
TL (10,461) thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 12,554 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 2,473 
thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
Their changes in fair value amounted to a decrease of TL 23,015 thousand as of 31 December 2022, a decrease 
of TL 10,081 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and a decrease of TL 22,056 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
The Group has hedged the possible fair value effects of changes in market interest rates and foreign exchange 
rates on some of its fixed rate foreign currency borrowings by using interest rate swaps, cross-currency interest 
rate swaps.  
The net carrying value of hedging instruments as of 30 September 2024, amounted to assets of TL 151,998 
thousand and amounted to assets of TL 199,771 as of 31 December 2023. The mark to market difference of the 
hedging instruments was a gain of TL 5,398 thousand as of 30 September 2024. The fair value difference of the 
hedged item was TL 160,882 thousand as of 30 September 2024 compared with TL 187,123 thousand as of 31 
December 2023.

--- Page 247 ---
228
 
 
Cash flow hedges 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2024 and the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021, gains 
of TL 653,708 thousand, TL 594,177 thousand, TL 358,721 thousand, and TL 228,112 thousand, respectively, 
were recognised in the statement of income due to the ineffectiveness of cash flow hedges, 
As of the 30 September 2024 and the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021, net gains and losses 
arising from cash flow hedges recognised under equity, net of reclassification to statement of gain/loss and net 
of tax, were TL 1,155,516 thousand loss, TL 2,151,990 thousand loss, TL 3,046,675 thousand gain, and TL 
3,309,704 gain thousand, respectively. 
Net investment hedges 
The Group hedges part of the currency translation risk of net investments in foreign operations through currency 
borrowings. 
The Group’s euro denominated borrowing is designated as a hedge of the net investment in certain of the 
Group’s euro denominated subsidiaries.  The total amount of borrowing designated as a hedge of the net 
investment as of 30 September 2024 was €653 million compared to €528 million as of 31 December 2023, €469 
million as of 31 December 2022, and €495 million as of 31 December 2021. 
Stress tests 
Stress tests provide an indication of the potential size of the losses that could arise in extreme conditions.  The 
stress tests carried out by risk management, also indicated in the market risk policy of the Group, include foreign 
exchange and interest rate stress testing, where stress movements are applied to the foreign exchange position 
and to the banking book.  The results of the stress tests are reviewed by the Asset and Liability Management 
function within the Executive Committee.  Following the implementation of the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process by the local regulator in Türkiye, the Bank also calculates bank-wide stress tests. 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange exposure is the result of the mismatch of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities 
(including foreign currency indexed ones) together with exposures resulting from off-balance sheet foreign 
exchange derivative instruments.  The Group takes on exposure to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing 
foreign currency exchange rates on its financial position and cash flows.  The limits are set by the Board on the 
level of exposure in aggregate for both overnight and intra-day positions, which are monitored on a daily basis.  
The Bank performs periodic stress tests on foreign currency. 
Interest rate risk 
Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to 
changes in market interest rates.  Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument 
will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.  The Group is exposed to the effects of fluctuation in the 
prevailing levels of market interest rates in both its fair value and cash flow risks.  Interest rate risk limits are 
set in terms of a total economic value sensitivity limit.  Legal interest rate risk in the banking book is performed 
according to a scenario of plus 500 bps and minus 400 bps shift in Turkish Lira yield curve and plus 200 bps 
and minus 200bps shift in foreign exchange yield curve.  The resulting profit/loss should not exceed 20% of the 
Bank’s Capital.  Moreover, the BPV is applied for the banking book.  The BPV limit restricts maximum interest 
rate risk position by currency and time buckets with valuation changes being based on an interest rate change 
of 0.01%. 
In 2009 the Bank started to hedge a portion of its interest rate risk between its medium- and long-term fixed rate 
Turkish Lira loans (such as mortgages) and its Turkish Lira deposits, which have a relatively short maturity 
when compared to the Bank’s assets.  The Bank hedged this exposure by creating fixed rate medium/long-term 
Turkish Lira funding via cross currency interest rate swap contracts (U.S. dollars against Turkish Lira) and 
interest rate swaps. 
The tables below set out the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk as of 30 September 2024, 31 December 2023, 
2022, and 2021 in TL thousands.  The tables include the Group’s assets and liabilities in carrying amounts 
classified in terms of periods remaining to contractual repricing dates.

--- Page 248 ---
229
 
 
As of 30 September 2024 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 
months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interes
t bearing 
Total 
Assets.......................................................................
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, cheque 
purchased) and balances with the Central Bank of the 
Republic of Türkiye .................................................. 
128,874,140  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
278,799,286  
407,673,426 
Banks........................................................................
4,731,862 
6,121,885 
12,545,943 
219,333 
-
46,974,200  
70,593,223
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss .......
1,467,556 
21,731 
46,894 
88,125 
338,679 
1,381,615 
3,344,600 
Receivables from money markets .............................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Financial assets whose fair value change is reflected 
in the other comprehensive income statement...........
10,429,326 
12,748,934 
30,864,400 
19,693,065 
45,119,594 
912,277 
119,767,596 
Loans........................................................................
403,784,259 
168,686,426 
411,420,567 
247,337,734 
48,924,134 
(5,778,001)
1,274,375,1
19 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost..............
9,775,072 
19,176,718 
163,862,454 
96,910,791 
91,706,735 
(153,436)
381,278,334 
Other assets ..............................................................
5,495,673 
3,790,709 
10,190,888 
5,652,895 
3,305,580 
204,246,920 
232,682,665 
Total assets..............................................................
564,557,888  
210,546,403  
628,931,146  
369,901,943  
189,394,722  
526,382,861  
2,489,714,9
63  
Liabilities..................................................................
Bank deposits ...........................................................
6,479,774 
5,828,041 
7,443,093 
2,853 
-
2,911,546 
22,665,307 
Other deposits ........................................................... 
493,738,831  
196,732,153  
47,531,804  
13,144,995  
825,191  
595,084,119  
1,347,057,0
93  
Funds from money market........................................
210,576,283 
6,835,749 
-
-
-
-
217,412,032 
Miscellaneous payables ............................................
-
-
-
-
-
104,081,215 
104,081,215 
Marketable securities issued .....................................
30,906,380 
40,247,539 
14,105,699 
34,410,875 
19,453,040 
-
139,123,533 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions......
53,836,077 
118,713,109 
55,978,491 
15,438,171 
1,030,473 
-
244,996,321 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity..................
2,131,796 
81,382,039 
6,219,511 
38,691,259
27,409,948
258,544,909 
414,379,462 
Total liabilities ........................................................
797,669,141  
449,738,630  
131,278,598  
101,688,153 
48,718,652 
960,621,789  
2,489,714,9
63  
Balance sheet long position .................................... 
 - 
 - 
497,652,548 
268,213,790
140,676,070
 - 
906,542,408 
Balance sheet short position................................... 
(233,111,25
3)
(239,192,22
7)
 - 
 - 
 - 
(434,238,92
8)
(906,542,40
8)
Off-balance sheet long position ................................ 
-
12,195,858
12,523,699
-
-
-
24,719,557
Off-balance sheet short position................................
(24,675,031
) 
- 
- 
(11,622,522
) 
(2,912,674) 
- 
(39,210,227
) 
Total position ..........................................................
(257,786,28
4) 
(226,996,36
9) 
510,176,247 
256,591,268 
137,763,396 
(434,238,92
8) 
(14,490,670
) 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 
months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets.......................................................................
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, cheque 
purchased) and balances with the Central Bank of the 
Republic of Türkiye..................................................
c
-
-
-
-
277,525,514 
278,322,371 
Banks........................................................................
7,894,323 
4,662,863 
10,678,590 
373,948 
-
32,936,178 
56,545,902 
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss .......
534,394 
11,969 
40,278 
247,444 
418,577 
1,024,823 
2,277,485 
Money market placements ........................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Financial assets whose fair value change is reflected 
in the other comprehensive income...........................
13,925,366 
23,094,851 
7,900,225 
15,874,169 
36,025,229 
198,149 
97,017,989 
Loans........................................................................
249,835,663 
137,691,185 
358,456,250 
168,967,675 
49,267,411 
(12,726,955)
951,491,229 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost..............
112,202,776 
14,546,012 
20,154,922 
74,460,872 
96,748,512 
(733,111)
317,379,983 
Other assets ..............................................................
2,848,975 
4,119,986 
5,147,413 
8,385,957 
4,391,565 
135,444,545 
160,338,441 
Total assets..............................................................
388,038,354  
184,126,866  
402,377,678  
268,310,065  
186,851,294  
433,669,143 
1,863,373,400 
Liabilities.................................................................
Bank deposits ........................................................... 
15,781,925  
7,077,792  
8,395,079  
119,974  
 -  
1,142,440  
32,517,210  
Other deposits...........................................................
361,903,553 
149,263,334 
101,815,385 
9,352,054 
645,977 
453,388,163 
1,076,368,466 
Funds from money market........................................
44,219,323 
17,590,790 
1,572,387 
-
-
-
63,382,500 
Miscellaneous payables ............................................
-
-
-
-
-
76,967,991 
76,967,991 
Marketable securities issued .....................................
8,903,015 
26,077,890 
37,597,921 
24,461,173 
-
-
97,039,999 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions......
13,604,788 
82,645,097 
49,705,478 
14,033,578
1,045,902
-
161,034,843 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity..................
21,879,217 
74,859,404 
3,127,149 
18,237,145 
4,772,460 
233,187,016
356,062,391
Total liabilities ........................................................ 
466,291,821  
357,514,307  
202,213,399  
66,203,924 
6,464,339 
764,685,610 
1,863,373,400 
Balance sheet long position .................................... 
 - 
 - 
200,164,279 
202,106,141
180,386,955  
 - 
582,657,375 
Balance sheet short position................................... 
(78,253,467
)
(173,387,44
1)
 - 
 - 
 - 
(331,016,467)
(582,657,375)
Off-balance sheet long position ................................ 
2,510,256
4,486,984
14,152,531
-
-
-
21,149,771
Off-balance sheet short position................................
- 
- 
- 
(12,721,888
) 
(12,278,303
) 
- 
(25,000,191) 
Total position ..........................................................
(75,743,211
) 
(168,900,45
7) 
214,316,810 
189,384,253 
168,108,652 
(331,016,467) 
(3,850,420)

--- Page 249 ---
230
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years 
and over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets ................................................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, cheque 
purchased) and balances with the Central Bank of the 
Republic of Türkiye...........................................................
3,265,724
—
—
—
—
149,565,179
152,830,903
Banks .................................................................................  
6,922,595 
3,499,070 
6,116,267 
— 
— 
23,307,085 
39,845,017 
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss.................
—
5,558
20,156
127,463
212,054
1,905,664
2,270,895
Money market placements .................................................  
2,514,757 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
2,514,757 
Financial assets whose fair value change is reflected in the 
other comprehensive income ..............................................  
10,492,500 
18,750,666 
20,417,815 
13,157,038 
15,477,650 
175,822 
78,471,491 
Loans.................................................................................
127,298,709
124,350,642
214,577,219
139,524,656
33,200,507
(14,762,220)
624,189,513
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .......................  
47,543,781 
21,551,302 
13,817,909 
29,743,940 
56,169,325 
— 
168,826,257 
Other assets........................................................................
1,520,613
4,716,818
4,082,287
8,477,949
4,050,277
92,470,237
115,318,181
Total assets .......................................................................  
199,558,679 
172,874,056 
259,031,653 
191,031,046 
109,109,81
3 
252,661,767 
1,184,267,014 
Liabilities..........................................................................
Bank deposits.....................................................................  
2,616,742 
2,582,968 
3,914,800 
47,571 
— 
1,325,315 
10,487,396 
Other deposits....................................................................
262,675,306
116,779,884
25,435,248
4,850,599
338,428
284,928,578
695,008,043
Funds from money market .................................................  
34,804,618 
5,490,412 
— 
— 
— 
—- 
40,295,030 
Miscellaneous payables......................................................
—
—
—
—
—
44,512,534
44,512,534
Marketable securities issued ...............................................  
2,984,364 
21,691,053 
24,675,391 
— 
— 
— 
49,350,808 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions ...............
25,875,731
25,283,522
29,910,175
12,116,997
929,973
—
94,116,398
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ...........................  
13,392,296 
39,117,426 
10,264,520 
25,282,464 
3,614,406 
158,825,693 
250,496,805 
Total liabilities..................................................................
342,349,057 
210,945,265 
94,200,134 
42,297,631 
4,882,807 
489,592,120 
1,184,267,014 
Balance sheet long position..............................................  
—
—
164,831,519
148,733,415
104,227,00
6
—
417,791,940
Balance sheet short position ............................................  
(142,790,378) 
(38,071,209) 
— 
— 
— 
(236,930,353) 
(417,791,940) 
Off-balance sheet long position..........................................  
21,885,861
41,542,366
—
—
—
—
63,428,227
Off-balance sheet short position .........................................  
— 
— 
(18,909,027) 
(33,696,216) 
(10,384,551
) 
— 
(62,989,794) 
Total position ...................................................................  
(120,904,517) 
3,471,157 
145,922,492 
115,037,199 
93,842,455 
(236,930,353) 
438,433 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years 
and over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets...................................................................................
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, cheque 
purchased) and balances with the Central Bank of the 
Republic of Türkiye ..............................................................  
68,178,110 
— 
— 
— 
— 
51,570,131 
119,748,241 
Banks....................................................................................
8,309,675
1,226,728
4,062,073
—
—
20,805,882
34,404,358
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss ....................  
— 
3,196 
5,683 
58,396 
139,374 
595,005 
801,654 
Money market placements ....................................................
1,809,366
—
—
—
—
—
1,809,366
Financial assets whose fair value change is reflected in the 
other comprehensive income.................................................
5,011,649
8,514,144
13,360,359
3,718,284
4,101,999
91,075
34,797,510
Loans ....................................................................................  
61,116,734 
57,767,824 
158,844,116 
120,411,758 
25,989,739 
(10,244,006) 
413,886,165 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ..........................
20,420,050
11,074,959
13,410,483
11,672,177
39,709,143
-
96,286,812
Other assets...........................................................................  
5,266,352 
9,049,186 
3,703,985 
5,739,253 
353,077 
54,974,947 
79,086,800 
Total assets ..........................................................................
170,111,936 
87,636,037 
193,386,699 
141,599,868 
70,293,332 
117,793,034 
780,820,906 
Liabilities .............................................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits........................................................................
2,782,299
823,611
1,736,802
11,573
—
1,783,052
7,137,337
Other deposits .......................................................................  
189,198,407 
34,961,966 
8,447,559 
2,886,264 
276,996 
177,019,529 
412,790,721 
Funds from money market ....................................................
51,087,194
3,766,361
1,032,918
—
—
-
55,886,473
Miscellaneous payables .........................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
26,732,718 
26,732,718 
Marketable securities issued..................................................
3,359,088
22,492,961
15,724,962
—
—
—
41,577,011
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions ..................  
8,000,905 
38,075,477 
14,220,629 
10,249,753 
2,375,200 
— 
72,921,964 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ..............................
5,132,873
30,050,685
13,956,009
31,854,517
3,401,689
79,378,909
163,774,682
Total liabilities.....................................................................
259,560,766 
130,171,061 
55,118,879 
45,002,107 
6,053,885 
284,914,208 
780,820,906 
Balance sheet long position .................................................  
— 
— 
138,267,820 
96,597,761 
64,239,447 
- 
299,105,028 
Balance sheet short position ...............................................  
(89,448,830)
(42,535,024)
—
—
—
(167,121,174)
(299,105,028)
Off-balance sheet long position .............................................  
18,455,630 
43,104,916 
— 
— 
— 
— 
61,560,546 
Off-balance sheet short position ............................................  
— 
— 
(6,524,939) 
(44,274,928) 
(8,012,207) 
— 
(58,812,074) 
Total position ......................................................................
(70,993,200) 
569,892 
131,742,881 
52,322,833 
56,227,240 
(167,121,174) 
2,748,472 
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk arises from mismatches between maturities of assets and liabilities, which may result in the Bank 
being unable to meet its obligations in a timely manner.  The Bank’s liquidity risk is managed as part of the 
asset and liability management strategy in accordance with the Bank’s market risk policies.  In order to manage 
this risk, the Bank’s funding sources are diversified and the Bank believes that it holds sufficient cash and cash 
equivalents to fund its liabilities in the event such mismatches occur.  During the monthly meetings of the Asset 
and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee, the liquidity position of the Group is 
evaluated and measures are implemented if necessary. 
The Bank uses the following definitions with respect to the components of liquidity risk: 
(a) 
Liquidity mismatch risk refers to the risk of non-conformity between the amounts and/or the maturities 
or cash inflows and cash outflows; 
(b) 
Liquidity contingency risk refers to the risk that future unexpected events could require a greater amount 
of liquidity than the amount estimated necessary by the Bank.  This risk could arise as a result of events

--- Page 250 ---
231
 
 
such as the failure by clients to reimburse loans, the need to finance new assets, difficulties in selling 
liquid assets or obtaining new financings in the event of a liquidity crisis; and 
(c) 
Market liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Bank may incur losses as a result of the sale of assets 
deemed to be liquid, or in extreme conditions is unable to liquidate such positions due to insufficient 
liquidity offered by the market or keeps the position that is too large when compared to market turnover. 
Reports on short-term liquidity positions and structural liquidity positions are prepared by the Bank’s risk 
management department.  Short-term liquidity risk management focuses on events that can impact upon the 
Bank’s liquidity position for the time horizon under one year.  Structural liquidity positions measured via Net 
Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) focus on events effecting the Group’s medium to long-term liquidity position.  
The primary objective is to maintain an adequate ratio between total liabilities and assets for such medium to 
long-term period, with a view of avoiding pressures on short-term sources (both current and future), while 
optimising the cost of funding. 
According to the BRSA Communiqué on liquidity, banks have to meet a minimum of 80% LCR for foreign 
currency and 100% overall.  The risk management department performs the calculation of the above-mentioned 
ratios on a daily basis and shares the results with the Treasury department and the Bank’s senior management.  
Further description of the applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Liquidity Reserve Requirement”. 
A significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of deposits and funds borrowed.  As of 30 September 
2024, deposits comprised 55.02% of the Bank’s total liabilities and, of all deposits, 94.97% had maturities of 
three months or less.  As of 30 September 2024, loans comprised 51.19% of the Bank’s total assets and, of all 
loans and receivables, 43.13% had maturities of three months or less. 
The following tables set forth the Group’s breakdown of financial liabilities according to their remaining 
contractual maturities as of 31 December 2023, 2022, and 2021 in TL thousands: 
As of 31 December 2023 
Demand 
and up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 
12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 
5 years 
Total 
(TL, thousands) 
Liabilities..................................
Deposits.....................................
842,966,632
169,799,311
123,957,464
9,482,601
648,355
1,146,854,363
Funds borrowed from other 
financial institutions ..................
11,631,093
44,746,588
91,280,801
24,222,201
1,491,973
173,372,656
Funds from money market ........
-
3,724,714
11,053,243
43,265,390
37,731,249
95,774,596
Financial liabilities measured at 
fair value through profit or loss .
44,350,548
16,756,520
3,241,694
-
-
64,348,762
Subordinated loans....................
21,041,873
86,317
834,082
5,299,462
18,504,795
45,766,529
Marketable securities issued......
9,108,486
10,532,193
40,611,517
48,767,094
-
109,019,290
Total .........................................
929,098,632
245,645,643
270,978,801
131,036,748
58,376,372
1,635,136,196
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities.........................................
Deposits............................................
554,940,662
123,601,727
31,403,736
4,912,009
338,727
715,196,861
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ........................................
16,657,999 
12,807,788 
52,159,023 
15,557,561 
1,381,667 
98,564,038 
Funds from money market................
34,879,888
5,608,915
—
—
—
40,488,803
Financial liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss...............
735,241 
1,498,167 
5,498,769 
31,525,794 
17,047,205 
56,305,176 
Subordinated loans ...........................
12,222,546
121,714
6,703,541
16,817,742
12,985,673
48,851,216
Marketable securities issued.............
3,008,046 
21,507,327 
6,235,755 
19,715,346 
— 
50,466,474 
Total ................................................
622,444,382 
165,145,638 
102,000,824 
88,528,452 
31,753,272 
1,009,872,568

--- Page 251 ---
232
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities.........................................
Deposits............................................
370,725,229
36,369,142
10,361,932
2,935,781
393,885
420,785,969
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ........................................
8,046,249 
5,106,058 
42,704,256 
17,814,946 
1,979,667 
75,651,176 
Funds from money market................
51,234,055
469,646
1,682,050
2,670,754
—
56,056,505
Financial liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss...............
—
388,705
2,467,767
21,511,330
14,813,084
39,180,886
Subordinated loans ...........................
840,699
175,471
13,925,427
24,296,937
9,946,031
49,184,565
Marketable securities issued.............
1,874,373 
9,981,830 
6,639,390 
24,257,024 
393,128 
43,145,745 
Total ................................................
432,720,605 
52,490,852 
77,780,822 
93,486,772 
27,525,795 
684,004,846 
 
Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is related to losses which arise as a result of inadequate or ineffective internal processes, 
personnel or systems or due to external events.  The operational risk management team monitors the Bank’s 
operational and reputational risk exposure in accordance with the Bank’s standards and policies, collects 
operational risk data in a web-based database, identifies risk indicators, conducts scenario analysis assessment, 
plans for business continuity management and assures the quality of data gathered in accordance with Basel II 
standards, proposes insurance hedging on operational risks, prepares risk mitigation plans and coordinates IT 
risk management activities.  The operational risk management department performs second level controls, 
manages and measures the Bank’s operational risks. 
The Bank’s objective is to implement the advanced measurement approaches of Basel II and related 
measurement systems in operational risk management.  As part of the Basel II operational risk project, the Bank 
has been collecting data on internal operational risk since 2004.  Data on internal losses are collected from 
various departments and branches using wed-based systems.  Scenario analysis studies for measuring and 
managing the impacts of unrealised potential operational risk have been performed since 2008.  Key risk 
indicator analyses have been performed to monitor current and potential operational risk exposure of the Bank 
since 2007.  A dedicated database was established for monitoring the trends of key risk indicators.  Moreover, 
a risk based insurance management approach was used to seek to minimise main operational risks that the Bank 
is exposed to.  These actions have resulted in minimising internet fraud, enhancing the effectiveness of the risk 
transfer mechanism and helped senior management to better understand and monitor the main risk factors 
associated with banking activities.  Additionally, potential risk evaluations were made before launching new 
products and services and the findings were shared with related departments so that necessary measures could 
be taken.  Besides, both for IT and logistics purposes, the business continuity management activities and 
investments were accomplished and necessary tests were performed. 
For regulatory and statutory capital adequacy ratio purposes, the Group calculated the amount subject to 
operational risk on a consolidated basis with the basic indicator method in accordance with Section 4 of 
“Regulation Regarding Measurement and Evaluation of Banks’ Capital Adequacy Ratio” published by the 
Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015, namely “The Calculation of the Amount Subject to 
Operational Risk”, based on the gross income of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 
2021.  As of 31 December 2023, the total amount subject to operational risk was calculated as TL 99,403,270 
thousand, compared to TL 46,346,961 thousand as of 31 December 2022, and TL 37,518,185 thousand as of 
31 December 2021. 
As of 31 December 2023, the amount of the related capital requirement was TL 7,952,262 thousand, compared 
to TL 3,707,757 thousand as of 31 December 2022, and TL 3,001,455 thousand as of 31 December 2021. 
Capital Management 
Banks in Türkiye are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines published by the BRSA.  These 
capital adequacy guidelines are based on standards established by BIS.  These guidelines require banks to 
maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
In accordance with the guidelines, banks must maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of a minimum of 8%, Tier 
1 ratio of a minimum of 6% and CET1 ratio of minimum of 4.5% By taking into account banks’ internal systems, 
assets and financial structure, the BRSA is authorised to (i) increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio, (ii)

--- Page 252 ---
233
 
 
set different ratios for each bank, and (iii) determine a different calculation and submission period for capital 
adequacy ratio for each bank.  If a bank’s capital adequacy ratio is below the ratio set by the BRSA, certain 
restrictions are imposed. 
The Bank and its individually regulated operations were in compliance with all of the above mentioned capital 
adequacy requirements as of 30 September 2024. 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 30 September 
2024 and 31 December 2023 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated:

--- Page 253 ---
234
 
 
As of 30 
September 2024 
As of 31 
December 2023 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
Paid-up Capital......................................................................................................................
8,447,051
8,447,051
Share issue premiums............................................................................................................
556,937
556,937
Retained earnings..................................................................................................................
145,190,447
87,382,611
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in 
the Turkish Accounting Standards ........................................................................................
44,207,734
33,904,404
Profit .....................................................................................................................................
24,045,368
69,648,790
Net profit of the period....................................................................................................
22,405,414
68,008,836
Profit of the previous years.............................................................................................
1,639,954
1,639,954
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled 
partnerships and cannot be recognised within profit for the period.......................................
54,309
31,689
Minority interest....................................................................................................................
4,101 
2,674 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments.......................................
222,505,947 
199,974,156 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital:  regulatory adjustments ................................................  
Prudential valuation adjustments...........................................................................................  
-
-
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be 
absorbed by the retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS
21,651,325
21,093,163
Improvement costs for operating leasing...............................................................................
606,333
520,942
Goodwill (net of related tax liability)....................................................................................
-
-
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability).............
2,601,435
1,804,260
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary 
differences (net of related tax liability) .................................................................................
-
-
Cash-flow hedge reserve .......................................................................................................
1,465,845
2,888,940
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses .............................................................................
3,497,187
-
Securitisation gain on sale.....................................................................................................
-
-
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities ........................
-
-
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets................................................................................
-
-
Investments in own shares.....................................................................................................
-
-
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law
-
-
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold)...................
-
-
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more 
than 10% of the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold)....................................
-
-
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold)....................................................
-
-
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net 
of related tax liability)...........................................................................................................
-
-
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional 
Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ..............................................................
-
-
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short 
positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the issued share capital..........................
-
-
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights ..................................................
-
-
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences......
-
-
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA..............
-
-
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 to cover deductions....................................................................................
-
-
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1..................................................
29,822,125 
26,307,305 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) .............................................................................  
192,683,822 
173,666,851 
Additional Tier 1 Capital.......................................................................................................  
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares 
issue premiums......................................................................................................................
-
-
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
BRSA ....................................................................................................................................
17,060,500
19,134,830
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
BRSA (For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds)....................................................................................................................................
-
-
Third parties’ share in the Additional Tier I capital ..............................................................
-
-
Third parties’ share in the Additional Tier I capital (Temporary Article 3) ..........................
-
-
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments.................................................
17,060,500
19,134,830
Additional Tier 1 capital:  regulatory adjustments ................................................................  
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments................................................................
-
-
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments..................................................
-
-

--- Page 254 ---
235
 
 
As of 30 
September 2024 
As of 31 
December 2023 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% 
threshold) ..............................................................................................................................
-
-
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are 
outside the scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions)......................
-
-
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA..............
-
-
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the 
transition period..................................................................................................................
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not 
deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of 
the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)..................................  
- 
- 
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
for the purposes of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on 
Banks’ Own Funds (-)...........................................................................................................
- 
- 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover 
deductions .............................................................................................................................
- 
- 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital ..............................................
- 
- 
Total Additional Tier 1 capital...........................................................................................  
17,060,500 
19,134,830 
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 
capital)..................................................................................................................................  
209,744,322 
192,801,681 
Tier 2 Capital.......................................................................................................................  
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
Agency
 .............................................................................................................................................. 
..............................................................................................................................................  
39,879,150
15,519,100
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
Agency (For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds)....................................................................................................................................
-
-
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital..............................................................
-
-
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3).......
-
-
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) ..........................................
1,204,679 
5,086,750 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments....................................................................
41,083,829 
20,605,850 
Tier 2 capital:  regulatory adjustments .............................................................................  
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) ............................  
-
-
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank’s Tier 2 and components of equity 
issued by financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8..............................
-
-
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 
10% threshold) (-) .................................................................................................................
-
-
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that are 
outside the scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-).................
-
-
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA..............
- 
- 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital .................................................................
- 
- 
Total Tier 2 capital..............................................................................................................  
41,083,829 
20,605,850 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital)...........................................  
250,628,537 
213,264,762 
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital)........................................  
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law........  
24,670
19,261
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in the Article 
57, Clause 1 of the Banking Law and the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and 
held for Sale but Retained more than Five Years (2) ............................................................................................ 
-
-
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA..............
174,944
123,508
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the 
transition period..................................................................................................................
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 
10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional 
Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional 
Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ...........................................................  
-
-

--- Page 255 ---
236
 
 
As of 30 
September 2024 
As of 31 
December 2023 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, 
financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of 
eligible short positions (amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of 
the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds 
(-)...........................................................................................................................................
-
-
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount 
above 10% threshold), mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred 
tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related 
tax liability) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes 
of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds (-)................................................................................................................................
-
-
Own Funds...........................................................................................................................
 
 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital)...........................................  
250,628,537 
213,264,762 
Total Risk Weighted Assets................................................................................................  
1,497,542,746 
1,115,540,871 
Capital Adequacy Ratios ....................................................................................................  
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(2)...................................  
12.87
15.57
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(2) ..............................................................
14.01
17.28
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(2).........................................................................
16.74
19.12
Buffers..................................................................................................................................
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank...............................................................  
3.555
3.551
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) ........................................................................
2.500
2.500
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) .......................................................
0.055
0.051
Systemically important Bank buffer (%)...............................................................................
1.000
1.000
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first 
paragraph of the Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical 
Capital buffers to Risk Weighted Assets (%)........................................................................
8.006
11.068
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) ............................
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials...............................................  
1,242,490
972,927
Significant investments in the common stock of financials...................................................
9,345,196
7,069,176
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ..........................................................
-
-
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability).............
12,833,384
16,986,235
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital......................................
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation)......................  
1,720,970
5,230,279
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the 
standard approach used .........................................................................................................
1,204,679
2,456,027
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based 
Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation......................................
- 
3,758,179 
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables of credit risk 
Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on 
the Calculation ......................................................................................................................
- 
2,630,723 
_________ 
(1) 
The specified amounts are the figures calculated for the items subject to the phasing. 
(2) 
Represents after tax, net amount of general provisions. 
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratios are as reported, including the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratios without forbearances would be, in each case 
respectively for 30 September 2024 and 31 December 2023, 12.9% and 13.8% for the Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Adequacy Ratio, 14.0% and 15.3% for the Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio and 16.7% and 16.9% for the 
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio. 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated: 
As of 31 
December 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
Paid-up Capital.....................................................................................
8,447,051
8,447,051
8,447,051
Share issue premiums...........................................................................
556,937
556,937
556,937
Retained earnings.................................................................................
87,382,611
42,548,922
34,038,657
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed 
reserves which defined in the Turkish Accounting Standards ..............
33,904,404
28,852,512
13,531,428
Profit ....................................................................................................
69,648,790
54,384,643
12,129,712
Net profit of the period.....................................................................
68,008,836
52,744,689
10,489,758
Profit of the previous years..............................................................
1,639,954
1,639,954
1,639,954

--- Page 256 ---
237
 
 
As of 31 
December 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly 
controlled partnerships and cannot be recognised within profit for the 
period....................................................................................................
31,689
16,142
14,779
Minority interest...................................................................................
2,674 
1,537 
1,018 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments......
199,974,156 
134,087,744 
68,719,582 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital:  regulatory adjustments ............... 
 
 
Prudential valuation adjustments.......................................................... 
-
106,062 
90,038 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years 
which could not be absorbed by the retained earnings and losses 
recognised in equity in accordance with TAS ......................................
21,093,163
8,545,805
5,230,376
Improvement costs for operating leasing..............................................
520,942
204,739
133,380
Goodwill (net of related tax liability)...................................................
-
—
979,493
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related 
tax liability) ..........................................................................................
1,804,260
1,208,874
1,029,561
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those 
arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability)...........
-
—
—
Cash-flow hedge reserve ......................................................................
2,888,940
5,116,918
2,328,663
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses ............................................
-
—
—
Securitisation gain on sale....................................................................
-
—
—
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued 
liabilities...............................................................................................
-
—
—
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets...............................................
-
—
—
Investments in own shares....................................................................
-
—
—
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the 
Banking Law ........................................................................................
-
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible 
short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the 
issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) .............................
-
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible 
short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the issued 
share capital (amount above 10% threshold)........................................
-
—
—
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold)...................
-
—
—
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 
10% threshold, net of related tax liability)............................................
-
—
34,725
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of 
the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds).....
-
—
—
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of 
banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank 
owns more than 10% of the issued share capital ..................................
-
—
—
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights .................
-
—
—
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from 
temporary differences...........................................................................
-
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by 
the BRSA..............................................................................................
-
—
—
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to 
insufficient Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 to cover deductions ..............
- 
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1 ................. 
26,307,305 
15,182,398 
9,826,236 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ............................................ 
173,666,851 
119,625,346 
58,893,346 
Additional Tier 1 Capital...................................................................... 
— 
— 
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
and related shares issue premiums........................................................
-
—
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are 
approved by the BRSA.........................................................................
19,134,830
12,153,895
8,435,375
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are 
approved by the BRSA (For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 
of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds).............................................
-
—
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital.............................
-
—
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by 
Temporary Article 3)............................................................................
-
—
—
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments ......................
19,134,830
12,153,895
8,435,375
Additional Tier 1 capital:  regulatory adjustments ...............................
—
—
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments...............................
-
—
—
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments.................
-
—
—

--- Page 257 ---
238
 
 
As of 31 
December 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible 
short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the 
issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% 
threshold)..............................................................................................
-
—
—
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation 
(net of eligible short positions).............................................................
-
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by 
the BRSA..............................................................................................
-
—
—
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 
capital during the transition period .................................................. 
—
—
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities 
which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)................................................... 
- 
—
—
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the sub-paragraph of the 
Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-).......
- 
—
—
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient 
Tier 2 to cover deductions ....................................................................
- 
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital ............. 
- 
—
—
Total Additional Tier 1 capital .......................................................... 
19,134,830 
12,153,895 
8,435,375 
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 
capital + Additional Tier 1 capital) ................................................... 
192,801,681 
131,779,241 
67,328,721 
Tier 2 Capital ...................................................................................... 
- 
— 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are 
approved by the Agency....................................................................... 
15,519,100
10,149,150
9,507,903
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are 
approved by the Agency (For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 
of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds).............................................
-
—
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital.............................
-
—
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by 
Temporary Article 3)............................................................................
-
—
—
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) .........
5,086,750 
5,334,326 
3,415,303 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments...................................
20,605,850 
15,483,476 
12,923,206 
Tier 2 capital:  regulatory adjustments ............................................ 
 
 
 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital 
(-).......................................................................................................... 
-
— 
— 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank’s Tier 2 and 
components of equity issued by financial institutions with the 
conditions declared in Article 8............................................................
-
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible 
short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the 
issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% 
threshold) (-).........................................................................................
-
—
—
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance 
entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation (net of 
eligible short positions) (-) ...................................................................
-
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by 
the BRSA..............................................................................................
- 
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital ................................
- 
 
 
Total Tier 2 capital............................................................................. 
20,605,850 
15,483,476 
12,923,206 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital).......... 
213,264,762 
147,199,236 
80,175,102 
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital)....... 
 
 
 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of 
the Banking Law .................................................................................. 
19,261 
12,111 
41,724 
Portion of the sum of the banks’ real estate net book values, which is 
in excess of 50% of their own funds and net book values of those of 
merchandise and real estate which have to be acquired due to their 
receivables and disposed of pursuant to Article 57 of the Banking Law, 
which cannot be disposed of despite the lapse of a period of five years 
since the date of such acquisition .........................................................
- 
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by 
the BRSA(1) ..........................................................................................
123,508 
51,370
35,101

--- Page 258 ---
239
 
 
As of 31 
December 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total 
Capital during the transition period.................................................
- 
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible 
short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the 
issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% 
threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 
capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the 
first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on 
Banks’ Own Funds (-) .......................................................................... 
- 
—
—
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 
capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions 
(amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the 
purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)...................................................
- 
—
—
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory 
consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount above 10% 
threshold), mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), 
deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 
10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which will not deducted 
from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-
paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ 
Own Funds (-) ......................................................................................
- 
—
—
Own Funds..........................................................................................
 
 
 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital).......... 
213,264,762 
146,592,166 
79,566,364 
Total Risk Weighted Assets............................................................... 
1,115,540,871 
734,986,439 
452,409,578 
Capital Adequacy Ratios ................................................................... 
 
 
 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3).. 
15.57 
16.28 
13.02 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) .............................
17.28 
17.93
14.88
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3)........................................
19.12 
19.95
17.59
Buffers.................................................................................................
 
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank.............................. 
3.551 
3.542
3.548
a) Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) ...................................
2.500 
2.500
2.500
b) Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%)..................
0.051 
0.042
0.048
c) Systemically important Bank buffer.................................................
1.000 
1.000
1.000
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be 
calculated by the first paragraph of the Article 4 of Regulation on 
Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital buffers to Risk 
Weighted Assets (%)............................................................................
11.068 
11,776
8.518
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk 
weighting)............................................................................................
 
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials.............. 
972,927 
422,947
317,593
Significant investments in the common stock of financials..................
7,069,176 
3,526,931
2,476,401
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) .........................
- 
—
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related 
tax liability) ..........................................................................................
16,986,235 
9,782,385
5,927,430
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital ..... 
 
General 
provisions 
for 
standard 
based 
receivables 
(before 
10,025 limitation)................................................................................. 
5,230,279 
3,411,544
2,579,796
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for 
receivables where the standard approach used .....................................
2,456,027 
1,644,844
1,211,815
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the 
Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué 
on the Calculation.................................................................................
3,758,179 
11,526,584
11,718,943
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted 
receivables of credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based 
Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation.....
2,630,723 
3,689,482
2,203,488
Capital instruments subject to phase-out arrangements (only 
applicable between 1 Jan 2018 and 1 Jan 2022)...............................
8,447,051 
—
—
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which subject to 
phase out arrangements in the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation 
on Banks’ Own Funds .......................................................................... 
- 
—
—

--- Page 259 ---
240
 
 
As of 31 
December 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after 
redemptions and maturities) which subject to Provisional Article 4 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds..................................................
- 
—
—
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which subject to phase out 
arrangements in the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ 
Own Funds ...........................................................................................
- 
— 
— 
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after 
redemptions and maturities) which subject to Provisional Article 4 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds..................................................
- 
— 
11,745,942 
_______________ 
(1) 
Amount presented as of 31 December 2021 subject to treatment before 1/1/2024 would be TL 35,172 thousand. 
(2) 
The capital adequacy ratios are as reported, including the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratios without forbearances would be, in each case 
respectively for 31 December 2023 and 2022, 13.8% and 14.7% for the Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy 
Ratio, 15.3% and 16.2%  for the Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio and 16.9% and 18.13% for the Consolidated 
Capital Adequacy Ratio. 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between 
willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation, and is best evidenced by the quoted market price, if 
available. 
The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined by the Group with the use of available 
market information and appropriate valuation methodologies.  However, judgment is necessarily required to 
interpret market data in order to develop the estimated fair value.  Accordingly, the estimated fair value 
presented in this Base Prospectus is not necessarily indicative of the amount the Group could realise in a current 
market exchange transaction. 
The table below indicates the carrying and estimated fair value of the financial assets and liabilities, which are 
not presented on the Group’s balance sheet at their estimated fair value. 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Financial assets:
1,464,758,735
1,479,763,469
950,875,553
971,968,516
611,660,565
605,876,551
Due from money markets.......
-
-
2,514,757
2,514,757
1,809,366
1,809,366
Banks......................................
56,822,176
56,962,050
39,845,017
39,922,535
34,404,358
34,429,736
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income....................................
97,017,989
97,017,989
78,471,491
78,471,491
34,797,510
34,797,510
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost.........................
318,113,094
300,731,388
168,826,257
192,651,507
96,286,812
98,392,565
Loans......................................
992,805,476
1,025,052,042
661,218,031
658,408,226
444,362,519
436,447,374
Financial liabilities:
1,551,941,648 
1,551,390,735 
969,322,834
969,259,338
625,909,972
1,551,941,648 
Bank deposits ......................... 
32,517,210
32,509,234
10,487,396
10,486,500
7,137,337
7,027,865
Other deposits.........................
1,076,368,466
1,069,081,744
695,008,043
695,480,726
412,790,721
412,826,348
Funds borrowed from other 
financial institutions ...............
161,034,843
164,302,780
94,116,398
94,852,421
72,921,964
72,123,960
Financial liabilities fair value 
through profit and loss............
71,167,000
71,167,000
36,459,423
36,459,423
25,308,222
25,308,222
Subordinated loans.................
36,846,139
36,968,295
39,388,232
40,684,977
39,441,999
42,248,368
Marketable securities issued...
97,039,999 
100,393,691 
49,350,808 
46,782,757 
41,577,011 
39,175,366 
Miscellaneous payables..........
76,967,991 
76,967,991 
44,512,534 
44,512,534 
26,732,718 
26,732,718 
 
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Group’s financial 
instruments: 
Banks, Bank deposits and Funds borrowed from other financial institutions 
The fair values of banks, bank deposits and funds borrowed from other financial institutions are determined by 
calculating the discounted cash flows using the current market interest rates.

--- Page 260 ---
241
 
 
Held-to-maturity assets 
The fair value of held-to-maturity assets is determined based on market prices or, when these prices are 
unavailable, based on market prices quoted for other securities subject to the same redemption qualifications in 
terms of interest, maturity and other similar conditions. 
Loans 
The expected fair value of loans and receivables is determined by calculating the discounted cash flows using 
the current market interest rates for the loans with fixed interest rates.  For the loans with floating interest rates 
(such as overdrafts and credit card receivables), it is assumed that the carrying value approaches the fair value. 
Available-for-sale financial assets 
Available-for-sale financial assets are subsequently re-measured at fair value.  When fair values based on market 
prices cannot be obtained reliably, the available-for-sale financial assets are carried at fair values determined by 
using alternative models.  Available-for-sale equity securities which are not quoted in a market, and the fair 
values of which cannot be determined reliably, are carried at cost less any impairment. 
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
The following table presents assets and liabilities at fair value as of 31 December 2023 in TL thousands. 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
Financial assets where fair value change 
is reflected to income statement ............ 
1,318,932 
958,553 
-
2,277,485 
Financial assets where fair value change 
is reflected to other comprehensive 
income statement................................... 
96,755,650 
131,623 
-
96,887,273 
Derivative financial assets.....................
-
21,582,481 
-
21,582,481 
Total assets ...........................................
98,074,582
22,672,657
-
120,747,239
Derivative financial liabilities ...............
-
11,666,461 
-
11,666,461 
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss...........................................
 -  
71,167,000  
- 
71,167,000  
Total liabilities .....................................
 - 
82,833,461 
-
82,833,461
 
Risk Committees 
Within the Bank, risk management is performed by the Asset and Liability Management function within the 
Executive Committee and the Credit Committee. 
The Credit Committee is responsible for:  (i) determining lending guidelines in line with the credit policy, 
economic objectives and the overall risk profile of the credit portfolio of the Bank, (ii) granting loans within 
certain set limits or advising the Board with respect to granting loans exceeding such limits, (iii) defining 
restructuring terms for overdue loans within certain set limits or advising the Board on the same with respect to 
loans exceeding such limits, and (iv) performing other functions assigned to it by the Board.  The Credit 
Committee consists of four principal members and two substitute members; namely the CEO, the Deputy CEO 
and two members of the Board, and the Vice Chairman and one member of the Board, respectively.  The Risk 
Management Assistant General Manager attends the meetings by invitation.  The Credit Committee meets on a 
weekly basis. 
The decisions of the Credit Committee become immediately effective in the case of a unanimous vote.  
Otherwise, decisions of the Credit Committee require a majority approval from the Board. 
The Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee is responsible for:  
(a) determining the Bank’s structural risk management guidelines and policies, (b) defining risk profile 
management strategies, and ensuring their compliance with the Board’s guidelines in terms of risk appetite, 
(c) optimising the level of risk that the Bank is exposed to within the guidelines set by the Board, (d) defining 
risk limits, (e) defining operational principles of risk management and approval of risk measurement and control 
models, and (f) maintaining an overview of credit, market and operational risks.  The decisions of the Asset and

--- Page 261 ---
242
 
 
Liability Management function within the Executive Committee are made by unanimous vote of its permanent 
members.  Such permanent members include the CEO, the Deputy CEO, the CFO, the Treasury Department 
Assistant General Manager and the Risk Management Assistant General Manager.  In addition, heads of other 
business units as members of the Executive Committee also regularly attend meetings of the Asset and Liability 
Management function within the Executive Committee, including the Corporate and Commercial Banking 
Assistant General Manager, the Retail Banking Assistant General Manager, and the Retail Banking Sales 
Assistant General Manager.  The Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee 
usually meets on a weekly basis but in any case, not less frequently than once a month.

--- Page 262 ---
243
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The Bank is managed by its Board of Directors, its General Manager and its senior management. 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Bank’s articles of association, the Board is responsible for the Bank’s management.  The Bank’s 
articles of association stipulate that the Board should consist of a minimum of eight members elected by the 
General Assembly, with the General Manager holding a board seat, as required by the Banking Law.  The Board 
is currently composed of 12 directors.  Each director is appointed for a maximum term of three years.  The 
business address of each of the directors is Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok, Levent 34330, Istanbul, Türkiye. 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding each member of the Board as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Ali Y. Koç ........................................................................................................  Chairman 
Levent Çakıroğlu..............................................................................................  Vice Chairman 
Gökhan Erün.....................................................................................................
Executive Director and CEO
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu.........................................................................................
Member
A. Ümit Taftalı .................................................................................................
Member
Ahmet Çimenoğlu ............................................................................................
Member (Independent)
Virma Sökmen..................................................................................................
Member (Independent)
Nevin İpek ........................................................................................................
Member (Independent)
Kemal Uzun......................................................................................................
Member
Polat Sen...........................................................................................................
Member
 
Ali Y. KOÇ, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Ali Y. Koç graduated from Rice University in Business Administration and completed his MBA degree at 
Harvard Business School.  Between 1990 and 1991, he attended the American Express Bank Management 
Trainee programme.  Between 1992 and 1994, he worked as an Analyst at Morgan Stanley Investment Bank.  
Between 1997 and 2006, Koç held various senior level positions at Koç Holding such as the New Business 
Development Coordinator and President of the Information Technology Group.  Between 2006 and 2010, he 
was the President of the Corporate Communications and Information Technology Group. Koç has been a Board 
Member of Koç Holding since January 2008 and was named Vice Chairman in February 2016.  He is also the 
Chairman of various Koç Group companies.  Additionally, Koç contributes to Türkiye’s social and economic 
development by serving as President at Fenerbahçe Sports Club, a board member of the URAK (International 
Competition Research Association) and a Board Member at Endeavor Association.  He is also a member of 
TÜSİAD (Turkish Industry and Business Association) and a Member of the Global Advisory Council of Bank 
of America, Harvard University and Council on Foreign Relations (CFR). Koç has been Board Chairman of the 
Group and Koç Financial Services since April 2016. 
Levent ÇAKIROĞLU, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Levent Çakıroğlu graduated from Ankara University - Faculty of Political Sciences, Business Administration 
Department and received his master’s degree from University of Illinois.  He started his professional life in 
Ministry of Finance in 1988.  Between 1997 and 1998, he taught as part time instructor at Bilkent University 
and served as Vice President of the Financial Crimes Investigation Board at the Ministry of Finance.  Çakıroğlu, 
joined Koç Group in 1998 as Koç Holding Financial Group Coordinator.  He was the General Manager of 
Koçtaş between 2002 and 2007, the CEO of Migros between 2007 and 2008, the CEO of Arçelik between 2008 
and 2015 and the President of the Durable Goods Group of Koç Holding A.Ş. between 2010 and 2015.  
Çakıroğlu was appointed as the Deputy CEO of Koç Holding in February 2015 and he took over the CEO 
position on April 2015.  Since April 2016, Çakıroğlu has also been a Board Member at Koç Holding.  Çakıroğlu 
has been a Board Member at the Group and Koç Financial Services since April 2015 and in February 2020 he 
was appointed as Vice Chairman of the Group’s Board.  Çakıroğlu is also a Board Member in various Koç 
Group Companies.

--- Page 263 ---
244
 
 
He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Koç Financial Services and since April 2015 he serves on the 
Board of Directors of various Koç Group Companies. 
Gökhan ERÜN, Executive Director and CEO 
Gökhan Erün earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul Technical University Department of Electronics 
and Communications Engineering and his graduate degree from Yeditepe University in Business 
Administration.  Erün began his career at Garanti Bank’s Treasury Department in 1994.  Between 1999 and 
2004, he served as the Senior Vice President of Commercial Marketing and Sales Department.  After becoming 
the CEO of Garanti Pension and Life in 2004, Erün was appointed as Executive Vice President of Garanti Bank 
in September 2005.  Erün began to serve as the Deputy CEO of Garanti Bank in September 2015, also in charge 
of Corporate Banking Coordination, Treasury, Treasury Marketing and Financial Solutions, Derivatives, Cash 
Management and Transaction Banking, and Financial Institutions.  In addition, he held positions in the Boards 
of various Garanti Bank subsidiaries.  As of January 2018, Erün has continued his career in the Group as 
Executive Director in the Board of Directors and as Chief Executive Officer (CEO).  In addition, Erün is the 
CEO of Koç Financial Services and holds positions in the Boards of various Group subsidiaries and Koç 
Tüketici Finansmanı A.Ş.  Also as of April 2021, Erün became the President of Koç Holding’s Banking Group. 
Ahmet F. ASHABOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors 
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Tufts University and a Master of Science degree 
from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Mechanical Engineering.  In 1994, he began his career as 
a Research Assistant at MIT.  Between 1996 and 1999, Ashaboğlu held various positions in capital markets 
within UBS Warburg, New York.  Between 1999 and 2003, he worked as a Consultant at McKinsey & 
Company, New York.  In 2003, Ashaboğlu joined Koç Holding as Finance Group Coordinator.  He served as 
the CFO of Koç Holding from 2006 until April 2022.  In addition to being a Board Member at the Group and 
Koç Financial Services since September 2005, Ashaboğlu is also a Board Member at various Koç Group 
Companies. 
A. Ümit TAFTALI, Member of the Board of Directors 
A. Ümit Taftalı earned his bachelor’s degree in Finance from Ball State University (Indiana) and his MBA 
degree from the University of South Carolina.  He also participated in senior executive programs at Harvard 
University.  Taftalı is an investment banker and wealth manager with over 30 years of international experience.  
He has worked in executive positions in Atlanta, New York and London for Merrill Lynch & Company, Bankers 
Trust Company and Goldman Sachs International.  Taftalı has been representing and advising Mrs. Suna (Koç) 
Kıraç between 2001 and 2020.  He is a Member of Koç Holding’s Executive Committee as well as Board 
Chairman of Kare Portföy.  Taftalı is or has been Board/Founding Member of various philanthropic and 
professional organizations such as Suna-İnan Kıraç Foundation, Educational Volunteers Foundation of Türkiye 
(TESEV), Turkish Industrialists and Businessmen Association (TÜSİAD), Saint Joseph Educational 
Foundation, Educational Volunteers Foundation of Türkiye (TEGV), Galatasaray Sport Club, American 
Finance Association (USA), Financial Management Association (USA), Museum of American Financial 
History (USA), Ball State University Foundation (USA), Turkish Bankers Association (UK), University of 
South Carolina Foundation (USA). Taftalı has been a Board Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services 
since April 2016. 
Ahmet ÇİMENOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Ahmet Çimenoğlu graduated from Department of Economics at Boğaziçi University in 1992.  He started his 
professional life as an economist at the Bank in 1995, after completing his MA in Economics at Boğaziçi 
University, Istanbul.  He received his PhD degree in economics at Istanbul Technical University in 2002.  He 
worked as the Chief Economist, and Head of Strategic Planning and Research at the Group between July 2004 
and February 2009.  In March 2009, he joined Koç Holding as the Head of Economic Research.  He is currently 
the Chief Economist of the Koç Holding.  Çimenoğlu has been serving as a Board member at Koç Financial 
Services and the Group since March 2019. 
Virma SÖKMEN, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Virma Sökmen has a Bachelor degree in Finance from LaSalle University.  She began her professional career 
at research and investment banking departments of Körfezbank and Çarşı Menkul Degerler.  Between 1993 and

--- Page 264 ---
245
 
 
2001, Sökmen worked at Midland Bank A.S. as a Credit Analyst.  Between 2001 and 2010, she served as 
Corporate Banking Group President and an Executive Vice President of Corporate and Commercial Banking at 
HSBC.  Sökmen managed corporate banking, commercial banking foreign trade and provision management, 
factoring, corporate and commercial insurance, corporate marketing and cash management units since 2010.  
Sökmen also served as the Assistant General Manager, responsible from Corporate and Commercial Banking, 
at HSBC.  Since 2016, Sökmen has been a Managing Partner at Credia Partners.  Sökmen has been a Board 
Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services since March 2019.  In addition, Sökmen became an 
Independent Board at Sarkuysan Elektrolikit Bakır San ve Tic AŞ in June 2020. 
Nevin İPEK, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Nevin İpek graduated from Ankara University, Faculty of Political Sciences, Department of Business 
Administration in 1993 and she earned an MBA degree at the same university in 1997.  İpek also earned a 
Master of Accounting degree from the University of Michigan in 2001.  İpek began her career at the Capital 
Markets Board of Türkiye and served as Assistant to Expert between 1997 and 2005, Deputy Head of Corporate 
Finance Department between 2005 and 2006 and Head of Institutional Investors Department between 2006 and 
2007.  She joined the Koç Group in 2007 and still is serving as Finance Coordinator responsible for compliance 
with securities regulations.  She is also heading the Capital Markets Working Group in TÜSİAD from 2013.  
Nevin İpek has been a Board Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services since February 2020. 
Kemal UZUN, Member of the Board of Directors 
Kemal Uzun received his bachelor degree in Business Administration from Ankara University and his master’s 
degree in Finance from the University of Illinois.  In 1990, Uzun started his career as an Apprentice Public 
Account Inspector.  He worked at the Ministry of Finance as Assistant Tax Auditor (1991-1994), Tax Auditor 
(1994-2002), Senior Tax Auditor (2002-2003) and Head of Department (2003-2005).  Later, he functioned in 
Group Head (2005-2006) and Department Head (2006) positions at the Revenue Administration.  Between 2006 
and 2011, Uzun worked as Koç Holding’s Audit Group Coordination and from 2011 until 2021 as Tax 
Management Director.  Uzun has been serving as the President of Koç Holding’s Audit Group since April 2021.  
He is also a member of the Board of Directors of various Koç Group companies.  In addition to these roles, he 
is a member of Turkish Industry and Business Association (TÜSİAD), Tax Council and TURMEPA.  Kemal 
Uzun has been a Board Member of Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services since April 2022. 
Polat ŞEN, Member of the Board of Directors 
Polat Şen received his bachelor’s degree from the English Department of Economics in Marmara University in 
1998 and his master’s degree from the International Finance Department in Bradford University in 1999.  In 
2016, he completed the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program.  In 2000, Şen started his 
professional life in Koç Holding Control Group Department.  He was assigned as Arçelik A.Ş.  Internal Audit 
Manager in 2005 and as Financial Affairs Group Director in Grundig Electronics / Grundig Multimedia B.V. in 
2008.  Between 2009 and 2010, he was the Financial Affairs Director at Grundig Multimedia B.V. in Germany, 
and from 2010 to 2015, he served as the Purchasing Director.  Polat Şen worked as Arçelik A.Ş.’s Chief 
Financial Officer between 2015 and 2022, overseeing the company’s commercial operations in Sub-Saharan 
Africa, as well as the Legal & Compliance, and Procurement departments, in addition to his responsibilities in 
Finance and Accounting operations.  Şen has been the CFO of Koç Holding since 1 April 2022.  He also serves 
as the Deputy Chairman of the Türkiye – South Africa Business Council at The Foreign Economic Relations 
Board of Türkiye (DEIK) and a member of the Corporate Governance Association of Türkiye’s Board of 
Directors.  Polat Şen has been a Board Member of Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services since April 2022. 
Senior Management 
The current members of the Bank’s senior management and their areas of responsibility are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Responsibility 
Gökhan Erün........................
BOD Member/CEO
Executive Director and General Manager
Abdullah Geçer....................
Assistant General 
Manager
Internal Audit
Akif Cahit Erdoğan..............
Assistant General 
Manager
Commercial and SME Banking Management

--- Page 265 ---
246
 
 
Hakan Kaya .........................
Assistant General 
Manager
General Counsel (Chief Legal Officer)
Demir Karaaslan..................
Assistant General 
Manager
Financial 
Planning 
and 
Administration 
Management (Chief Financial Officer)
Kürşad Keteci......................
Assistant General 
Manager
Strategy (Chief Strategy Officer)
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut.......
Assistant General 
Manager
Corporate Banking
Mehmet Erkan Özdemir ......
Assistant General 
Manager
Compliance, 
Internal 
Control 
and 
Risk 
Management
Nursezil Küçük Koçak ........
Assistant General 
Manager
Credits
Saruhan Yücel .....................
Assistant General 
Manager
Treasury
Serkan Ülgen .......................
Assistant General 
Manager
Retail Banking Management
Uğur Gökhan Özdinç...........
Assistant General 
Manager
Technology, Data and Process Management
Yakup Dogan.......................
Assistant General 
Manager
Limitless Banking
Özden Önaldı.......................
Assistant General 
Manager
Human Resources, Organization and Internal 
Services
Korkut Okay........................
Exeuctive Vice President
Banking Operations
Serdar Yerli .........................
Executive Vice President
Collection and Workout
 
Set forth below is brief biographical information regarding the Group’s current senior management (other than 
those who are members of the Board, whose biographical information is set out above): 
Abdullah Geçer 
Geçer, 51, received a degree in the Department of Economics at Middle East Technical University in 1996, 
Abdullah Geçer began his professional career at the Undersecretariat of Treasury as an Assistant Sworn Bank 
Auditor.  Having served in this position between 1996 and 2000, Geçer assumed Sworn Bank Auditor and 
Senior Sworn Bank Auditor positions in Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency of Türkiye between 2000 
and 2007, and completed the MBA in Finance program at University of Nottingham in 2006.  Serving as a 
coordinator in Koç Holding Audit Group from 2007 through 2020, Abdullah Geçer was appointed as the 
Assistant General Manager in charge of Internal Audit at the Bank on 20 April 2020. 
Akif Cahit Erdoğan 
Erdoğan, 50, graduated from the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering at Istanbul Technical University.  Erdoğan 
earned his MBA degree from the Rochester Institute of Technology.  Starting his professional career at Xerox 
Corporation (Rochester, NY) as a Business Analyst, Erdogan moved to Accenture (Istanbul Office) in 2000 as 
a Management Consulting Country Lead, where he went on to hold various positions.  Erdogan joined the Bank 
on 1 December 2009 as Chief Information Officer.  As of 15 July 2013, he assumed the position of Assistant 
General Manager in charge of Information Technologies and Operations at the Bank.  Erdoğan has been a 
member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since July 2013 and a member of the Board of Directors of 
Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. since May 2015.  Erdoğan is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi 
Yatırım.  As of 21 August 2021, he was appointed to the position of Assistant General Manager in charge of 
Commercial and SME Banking Management.  He is also Board Member of some of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Hakan Kaya 
Kaya, 45, graduated from Istanbul University, Faculty of Law.  He began his career in 2004 with the law firm 
of Olcay as a lawyer.  Subsequently, he served at OY&OY as an attorney from 2007 to 2008 and at Turkland 
Bank as an attorney from 2008 to 2013.  Kaya joined the Group in 2013 as a Legal Adviser.  He then worked at 
the Bank as Criminal Affairs Manager from 2013 to 2015, Litigations Affairs Director from 2015 to 2019 and

--- Page 266 ---
247
 
 
Legal Proceedings Director from 2019 to 2023.  Kaya completed an Executive MBA at the University of Koc 
in 2020.  In October 2023, Kaya was appointed to the position of General Counsel at the Bank. 
Demir Karaaslan 
Karaaslan, 47, graduated from Marmara University, Business Administration department in 1999.  Between 
September 1999 and December 2004, he worked at PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. (formerly Başaran Nas Bağimsiz Denetim ve S.M.M.M. A.Ş.) where he joined as an Assistant 
Auditor and was promoted to Audit Manager.  He continued his career at Koçbank between 2005 and 2006 as 
Head of Budget & Planning.  In 2006, following the merger of Koçbank and the Bank, he was appointed as 
Vice President responsible from Planning & Control.  He has been the Head of Planning & Control since 2010 
and promoted as Executive Vice President in 2011.  He worked as Assistant General Manager in charge of 
Retail Credits between January 2016 and March 2020.  He was appointed as Assistant General Manager in 
charge of Financial Planning and Administration Management in March 2020.  Throughout his career, 
Karaaslan has also assumed the positions of Statutory Auditor and member of the Board in several subsidiaries 
of the Bank and he is also a Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. 
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut 
Akbulut, 56, graduated from the Business Administration Department of the Faculty of Political Science at 
Ankara University in 1989.  He started his career at the Bank as an Assistant Internal Auditor, then worked as 
a Department Manager in Credit Management, and later as a Director in Corporate Banking Management and 
Commercial Banking Management.  He was expatriated to Yapı Kredi Azerbaijan and served as Assistant 
General Manager, Credits between 2009 and 2013.  Upon returning to the Bank, he worked as a Director and 
then Group Director in Monitoring and Workout in Corporate and Commercial Credits between 2013 and 2018.  
Between 2018 and 2020, he was the Group Director of Corporate and Commercial Credits Underwriting.  He 
served as Head of Collection and Workout Management from August 2020 to August 2021.  As of August 2021, 
he has been serving as Assistant General Manager – Credits and Yapı Kredi Bank Executive Committee 
Member.  Akbulut is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Faktoring, Yapı Kredi Leasing and 
Turkish Credit Bureau. 
Nursezil Küçük Koçak 
Koçak, 44, graduated from Istanbul University, Department of Economics in English, in 2002 and completed 
the Master of Business Administration program for executives at Koç University.  Nursezil Küçük Koçak started 
her professional career at the Bank in 2003 and worked as a Credit Underwriting Specialist until 2012.  Nursezil 
Küçük Koçak served as the Corporate Credit Underwriting Manager and Commercial Credit Underwriting 
Region Manager between 2012 and 2014.  Following these positions, she served as Commercial Credit Region 
Underwriting Vice President, Commercial Credit Underwriting Vice President, Specialized Credits and 
Corporate Credits Underwriting Vice President, respectively.  Nursezil Küçük Koçak, who has been serving as 
the Corporate and Commercial Credit Underwriting Executive Vice President since August 2020 was appointed 
as the Credits Assistant General Manager on July 24, 2024. 
Mehmet Erkan Özdemir 
Özdemir, 57, received a degree in Economics from the Middle East Technical University.  He worked as a 
Sworn in Bank Auditor on the Sworn in Bank Auditor Board of the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency 
between April 1994 and August 2001.  He joined Koç Group in August 2001 where he worked as Audit 
Coordinator in the Audit Group responsible for the financial companies of the Group.  Since April 2008, 
Özdemir has been serving as Compliance Officer and Executive Vice President at the Bank.  Since October 
2013, he has been serving as Assistant General Manager in charge of Compliance and Internal Control.  Özdemir 
is the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş and Chairman of Koç Kültür 
Sanat Yayıncılık Ticaret ve Sanayi A.Ş.  Özdemir is also responsible for Risk Management for the Bank as of 
October 2020 and has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020. 
Saruhan Yücel 
Yücel, 51, earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul University Department of Business Administration 
and his graduate degree from University of Illinois in Business Administration.  Yücel started his career at 
Koçbank in fund Management Department in 2000.  Yücel held the role as Securities Portfolio Manager in the

--- Page 267 ---
248
 
 
Group’s Portfolio in Investment Funds Management Fixed Income department between 2002 and 2003.  
Following this, he worked as FX and Money Markets Senior Dealer, FX Markets Vice President, Fixed Income 
Securities Vice President and Balance Sheet Management, and Fixed Income Securities Executive Vice 
President in the Bank between 2003 and 2018.  Since June 2018, he continued his career as Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Treasury Management.  He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank and 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Yatırım. 
Serkan Ülgen 
Ülgen, 48, received his B.S. degree in Industrial Engineering from Bilkent University, Ankara in 1998. 
Following his graduation, he started his professional career at BENKAR Consumer Financing and Credit Card 
Services within Boyner Group. In 2001, he joined Yapı Kredi Bank and since then, held different positions in 
Retail Banking and Card Payment Systems at Yapı Kredi. In this time period he got his MBA degree from 
Boğaziçi University, Istanbul in 2005. 
Serkan Ülgen, has been working as Yapı Kredi's Assistant General Manager responsible for Retail Banking and 
a member of the Executive Committee since January 1, 2018. Ülgen is also a Member of the Board of Yapı 
Kredi Bank Azerbaijan, Yapı Kredi Invest and Yapı Kredi Financial Technologies and also Yapı Kredi Pension 
Fund Foundation. 
In addition to his responsibilities in the Bank, Ülgen is also a board member of  Allianz Life and Pension, Tanı 
Marketing and Communication Services and UK-based 441 Trust Company companies. Also, Ülgen has been 
serving as the Head of the Supreme Council of Turkey within Visa Turkey and continuing his duty as the 
Advisory Board Member within MasterCard Europe. 
Uğur Gökhan Özdinç 
Özdinç, 49, earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Engineering in 1997, MBA in 1999 and Ph.D. 
degrees in Marketing in 2006 from Boğaziçi University.  Özdinç started his career as a Card Payment Systems 
Software Development Group Manager at Finansbank in 1998.  Between 2004 and 2013, he managed the Project 
Management Office and ADC Software Development at Finansbank’s Information Technologies company, 
IBTECH.  He was also a member of the Management Board at IBTECH, between 2013 and 2014.  Özdinç was 
appointed as the CIO and COO of Aktifbank between 2014 and 2019, and at the same time he also assumed the 
positions of Board Member of E-kent, NKolay and Çalık Digital, the subsidiaries of Aktifbank. 
Özdinç joined the Group in 2020 and worked as the Subsidiaries Application Development and IT Governance 
Vice President and the CIO of Yapı Kredi Invest.  As of August 2021, he was appointed as the Assistant General 
Manager of the Group in charge of Technology, Data and Process Management, and a member of the Executive 
Committee.  At the same time, Özdinç has been giving lectures in the Department of Management Information 
Systems and the Department of Management at Boğaziçi University since 2007.  He is also Board Member of 
one of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
The business address of Uğur Gökhan Özdinç is Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., Genel Mudurluk/Bankacilik Ussu, 
Akse Mahallesi, Rahmi Dibek Caddesi No:  275 41435 Çayirova, Kocaeli, Türkiye which is the operation centre 
of the Bank.  The other members of the senior management have their business address at Yapı ve Kredi Bankası 
A.Ş., Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok, 34330 Istanbul, Türkiye. 
Yakup Dogan 
Dogan, 57, received a degree in Business Administration from the Çukurova University.  Doğan started his 
career at İş Bankası as an Assistant Specialist in 1992.  Between 1996 and 2001, he worked at Ottoman Bank 
in Senior Management positions responsible for the development of Retail Banking, Credit Cards and 
Alternative Delivery Channels.  In 2001, Doğan joined Koçbank as Alternative Delivery Channels Manager.  In 
2006, Doğan held the position of Alternative Delivery Channels Executive Vice President at the Bank.  As of 
January 30, 2009, he assumed the position of Assistant General Manager in charge of Alternative Distribution 
Channels at the Bank and a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020.  As of August 
2021, alternative distribution channels management’s name has changed to limitless banking.  Dogan is also a 
member of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji.

--- Page 268 ---
249
 
 
Özden Önaldı 
Önaldı, 47, earned her degree from Istanbul Technical University’s Department of Management Engineering.  
Önaldı began her professional career as a Project Consultant at SAP Company in 1999.  Önaldı later continued 
her banking career at Osmanlı Bank, where she worked in the Alternative Distribution Channels department.  
Following this, Önaldı started working at Garanti Bank, where she oversaw several strategic projects in the 
areas of CRM & Marketing, Strategic Planning, IT, and Human Resources at various management levels.  
Önaldı joined Koç Holding in 2016 and worked in the Human Resources and Industrial Relations Presidency 
as the Learning Development Manager.  As of 2022, Önaldı is working as the Assistant General Manager of 
Yapı Kredi Bank Human Resources Organization and Internal Services Management and is also a member of 
the Yapı Kredi Technology Board of Directors as of 2023.  Önaldı is currently attending Koç University for an 
Executive MBA Program. 
Kürşad Keteci 
Keteci, 44, earned his undergraduate degree in Business Administration from Marmara University.  Keteci 
began his career at Andersen Audit and Consultancy in 2001.  Between 2001 and 2003, he worked in the audit 
of several banks and financial institutions.  From 2003 to 2006, he worked in the Transaction Services 
Department, focusing on M&A activities as well as consultancy projects in the financial sector.  He worked as 
Deputy CFO at Bankpozitif Investment Bank between 2006 and 2012.  He joined the Bank in 2012 and served 
as Head of Financial Reporting, Head of Budget and Planning, and Head of Corporate Strategy and Investor 
Relations.  Between March 2020 and June 2024, Keteci was responsible for strategic planning, investor 
relations, and strategic investments as Chief Strategy Officer.  Since June 2024, he has been a member of the 
Executive Committee and was appointed Assistant General Manager of Strategy.  He is currently responsible 
for strategic planning, customer and service model analytics, capacity planning, strategic investments, as well 
as investor relations. 
Korkut Okay 
Okay, 53, earned his undergraduate degree from the Middle East Technical University, Department of Business 
Administration, and his MBA degree from Marmara University.  He started his career at Yapı Kredi Audit as a 
Management Trainee in 1994.  Between 1999 and 2005, Okay worked at Dışbank as a Director in Audit, Branch 
Operations, and Organization Management.  He worked at Fortisbank as a Managing Director in Operations 
and Retail Banking between 2006 and 2011.  He returned to the Bank and served as the Director of Branch 
Operations between 2011 and 2021.  Since August 2021, he has been working as the Banking Operations 
Executive Vice President. Okay is currently attending Başkent University for PhD. In Banking and Finance. 
Serdar Yerli 
Yerli, 46,  has an undergraduate degree from the Middle East Technical University, Department of Economics 
(2000), and completed the Koç University Executive MBA program (2022).  He started his career at HSBC and 
worked as an Assistant Portfolio Manager at the Bursa corporate branch from 2000 to 2003.  In 2004, he joined 
Koçbank as a Credit Analyst in the Corporate Credit Underwriting Department.  At the Bank, he held managerial 
positions in the Corporate & Specialized Credits Monitoring Unit and the Commercial Credit Underwriting 
Region Office between 2008 and 2013.  In 2014, he was appointed Vice President at the head office and worked 
in commercial credit underwriting, the corporate and subsidiaries and specialized credits underwriting unit, and 
finally, in the commercial monitoring and workout unit.  In 2021, he was appointed as Executive Vice President 
in Collection and Workout Management, where he is responsible for the restructuring, collection, and workout 
activities of the Bank’s Stage 2 and Stage 3 clients. 
Board Committees 
The Group has a number of committees comprising various members of the Board.  These committees consider 
risk and credit matters and include the Asset and Liability Management function of the Executive Committee 
and the Credit Committee, which are described in detail in “Risk Management”, as well as the Audit Committee, 
the Corporate Governance Committee and the Remuneration Committee, among others.  The Audit Committee 
supervises compliance by the Bank with local laws and internal regulations, monitors the performance of the 
Internal Audit Department, Compliance and Internal Control Department and Risk Management Department, 
controls ethical compliance and executes other functions provided for by the Banking Legislation and CMB 
Legislation for Audit Committees.  The Audit Department, Risk Management and Compliance and Internal

--- Page 269 ---
250
 
 
Control report to the Audit Committee.  The Group also established a Sustainability Committee in 2014 
responsible for integrating sustainability in the Bank’s business processes and for monitoring sustainability 
performance.  The Sustainability Committee is chaired by a Board Member and reports to the Executive 
Committee and the Board of Directors. 
Corporate Governance 
On 3 January 2014, the CMB issued Communiqué No. II 17.1 on Corporate Governance (as amended, the 
“Corporate Governance Communiqué”), which provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate 
governance principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations 
department for listed companies and companies that are deemed to be public.  The Corporate Governance 
Communiqué contains principles relating to:  (i) the company shareholders; (ii) public disclosure and 
transparency; (iii) the stakeholders of the company; and (iv) the board of directors.  A number of principles are 
compulsory while the remaining principles continue to apply on a “comply or explain” basis as before.  The 
Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed companies into three categories according to their market 
capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject to recalculation on an annual basis.  The 
CMB has classified 55 companies for the year 2021 as “Tier 1” companies, which have maximum exposure to 
the mandatory principles set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué.  Some of these mandatory 
principles are not applicable to “Tier 2” and/or “Tier 3” companies.  The Bank is classified as a “Tier 1” 
company.  According to the Information Policy of the Bank, the public disclosures and all other relevant 
information given to shareholders are done under the supervision of the compliance office. 
 
The compliance office manages the official public disclosures via www.kap.org.tr 
 
Public disclosure is managed daily so as to assure timely communication. 
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include:  (i) the composition of the 
board of directors; (ii) appointment of independent board members; (iii) board committees; (iv) specific 
corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a conflict of 
interest and certain other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué; and (v) the 
information rights in connection with General Assembly meetings.  According to the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué, banks may, taking into account the size of their operations and type of their structures, determine 
their corporate governance principles based upon those stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué 
provided that they comply with the principles and procedures set out in the Banking Law and the provisions of 
the other regulations entered into effect in accordance therewith. 
All “Tier 1” and “Tier 2” companies are required to have a number of independent board members that constitute 
at least one-third of the board of directors.  However, these companies can apply to the CMB in order to limit 
the number of independent board members to two, irrespective of the ratio of the company’s free-float shares, 
as long as at least 51% of their share capital is equally owned by two independent shareholders contractually 
sharing equal management control but having no direct or indirect shareholding, management or audit 
relationship among themselves, except for banks.  “Tier 3” companies do not have to comply with the one-third 
ratio, although they are obliged to have at least two independent directors.  Pursuant to Article 6 of Corporate 
Governance Communiqué, banks have discretion in determining the number of independent directors, provided 
that they sustain the minimum requirement of having at least three independent directors.  Board members who 
are appointed as an audit committee member within the bank’s organisational structure shall be considered as 
an independent board member within the framework of the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine the 
“independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “Tier 1” companies.  Those 
nominated for such positions must be evaluated by the “Nomination Committee” of the board of directors for 
fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué.  The board of directors is 
required to prepare a list of nominees based on this evaluation for final review by the CMB, which is authorised 
to issue a “negative view” on any nominee and prevent their appointment as independent members of the board 
of directors.  The Corporate Governance Communiqué also requires listed companies to establish certain other 
board committees.  “Tier 2” and “Tier 3” public companies are not required to go through the CMB 
pre-assessment for the appointment of independent directors, although the nominations must still be evaluated 
by the Nomination Committee.

--- Page 270 ---
251
 
 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board 
members, the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all 
related-party transactions, transactions creating any guarantee, pledge or mortgage in favour of third parties, 
transactions that may result in a conflict of interest with the company or its subsidiaries and certain other 
transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué.  For example, material transactions, 
which are described as the lease, transfer or establishment of rights in rem over the total or a substantial part of 
the listed company’s assets, the acquisition or lease of a material asset, must be approved by the majority of the 
independent board members.  If the majority of the independent directors do not vote in favour of such board 
resolutions, the relevant transaction will be subject to the approval of the shareholders, which will convene 
without required meeting quorums and where the related parties to those transactions will not be able to vote.  
The foregoing framework also applies to all related-party transactions as well as transactions creating any 
guarantee, pledge or mortgage in favour of third parties.  For banks and financial institutions, transactions with 
related parties arising from their ordinary activities are not subject to the requirements of related party 
transactions. 
The Capital Markets Law authorizes the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate 
governance principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with 
the new principles, which include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to 
revoke any unlawful transactions or actions that contradict with these principles. 
On 2 October 2020, the CMB amended the Corporate Governance Communiqué to provide that publicly held 
companies that are subject to the corporate governance principles are also to be subject to the principles specified 
in the Sustainability Principles Compliance Framework (in Turkish:  Sürdürülebilirlik İlkeleri Uyum Çerçevesi), 
which seeks to increase Turkish companies’ attention to environmental, social and corporate governance 
principles and thereby enhance their attractiveness to international investors.  Although the application of such 
principles is voluntary for publicly held companies, companies are required to state in their annual activity 
report whether they adhere to the principles (i.e., “comply or explain”). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the mandatory principles under the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué, as well as with applicable requirements for having independent directors. 
In 2007, the CMB had issued a rating communiqué enabling rating agencies to rate companies on the basis of 
their compliance with the applicable principles.  In 2008, following a corporate governance rating report issued 
by SAHA Corporate Governance and Credit Rating Services Inc., the Bank was included among the leading 
companies that form the Borsa Istanbul Corporate Governance Index.  The report provided the Bank with a 
corporate governance rating of 8.02 out of 10.  Following repeated reviews by SAHA Corporate Governance 
and Credit Rating Services Inc., the Bank’s corporate governance rating was upgraded to 9.62, 9.62 and 9.69 in 
2019, 2020 and 2021 respectively. 
The Bank considers environmental and social governance factors in its corporate governance strategy.  The 
Bank’s approach to sustainability focuses on environmental, social and corporate governance goals.  With 
respect to the environment, the Bank’s goal is to address climate change and increase sustainable finance by 
diversifying sustainable product portfolios and integrating climate risks into credit risk modelling.  Since the 
Bank started reporting on sustainability in 2010, the Bank has provided Türkiye’s first green project finance 
loan, introduced electric-hybrid vehicle loans and operates a zero waste management system in its head offices.  
With respect to social development, the Bank’s goals are to increase financial inclusion for small and medium 
sized enterprises and to develop sector specific policies in relation to responsible banking.  The Bank has also 
focused on female employment, has developed online gender equality training for its employees and achieved 
an employee satisfaction rate of 77% according to the Bank’s employee engagement survey conducted in 2020 
and 70% in 2021.  In general, the Bank works to attract new talent for future skills, build a diverse, engaged and 
trained workforce and to provide a flexible and adaptive work environment.  Key approaches in this respect 
include the existence of a whistleblower programme and the composition of the board of directors being in line 
with CMB regulation. 
Compensation 
The Bank’s compensation policy aims to remunerate fairly and in a manner that is consistent with the nature of 
work and structure of the general market or the sector, in order to enhance talent and key staff attraction/retention

--- Page 271 ---
252
 
 
capability and people motivation.  The compensation package is composed of base pay and variable pay.  The 
variable pay is linked to the realisation of the Bank’s strategic targets. 
In general, base pay depends upon the position and the work completed whilst variable pay depends on 
performance.  Thus, the compensation system allows the bank to reward employees according to their level of 
contribution and responsibility in order to reach the goals of the institution. 
Salaries and other benefits paid to the Group’s senior management amounted to TL 270,488 thousand as of 30 
September 2024, TL 565,684 thousand as of 31 December 2023, TL 263,289 thousand as of 31 December 2022 
and TL 131,849 thousand as of 31 December 2021. 
Conflicts 
None of the members of the Bank’s Board or Senior Management has any existing or potential conflicts of 
interest with respect to his duties to the Bank and his private interests or other duties.

--- Page 272 ---
253
 
 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s share capital consisted of 8,447,051 thousand authorised 
shares with a nominal value of TL 0.01 each.  The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul. 
As a result of the effects of the earthquake, disaster in Türkiye on the sectors in which the Bank operates and 
on Turkish capital markets, management believed that the Group’s share price traded on Borsa Istanbul did not 
reflect the actual performance of the Bank.  In order to protect the value of shareholders’ investments, the Bank 
initiated a share buyback programme between 15 February 2023 and 15 May 2023 and determined the maximum 
amount of funds to be allocated for share buybacks to be 750,000,000 TL. No shares were repurchased under 
the programme. 
The Bank’s issued and fully paid up share capital was held as of the dates specified as follows:  
As of 30 September 2024 
As of 31 December 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
As of 31 December 2021 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
Shareholders 
Koç Financial Services A.S.(1) ........................
40.95
3,459,065
40.95
3,459,065
40.95
3,459,065
40.95
3,459,065
Koç Holding A.Ş.(2) ........................................
20.22
1,707,666
27.02
2,282,667
9.02
762,197
9.02 
762,197
UniCredit S.p.A.(2)..........................................
-
-
-
-
18.00
1,520,469
20.00
1,689,410
Other shareholders (minorities)(3)....................
38.83 
3,280,319 
32.03 
2,705,319 
32.03 
2,705,319 
30.03  
2,536,378  
Historical share capital ...................................
100 
8,447,051 
100 
8,447,051 
100
8,447,051
100 
8,447,051
 
 
(1) 
As of 31 December 2019, 50% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital were owned by UniCredit S.p.A. and the remaining 50% was owned by the Koç 
Group.  Since 5 February 2020, 100% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital is owned by the Koç Group. 
(2) 
Between 31 December 2020 and 30 September 2022, Koç Holding A.Ş. acquired 18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital with a total nominal value of 
TL 1,520,469 thousand from UniCredit S.p.A. and UniCredit S.p.A. sold its remaining shares in the Bank on the market, comprising 2.00% of the Bank’s 
outstanding share capital.  As of 1 April 2022, the share transfer finalized and Koç Holding’s direct stake in the Bank’s outstanding share capital increased from 
9.02% to 27.02% whereas Koç Group’s direct and indirect shares reached to 67.99%.  On 28 July 2023, Koç Holding A.Ş. sold 6.81% of the Bank’s issued share 
capital and its direct stake in the Bank’s outstanding share capital decreased from 27.02% to 20.22%, and direct and indirect stake in the Bank’s outstanding share 
capital decreased from 67.99% to 61.17%.  For additional information, see “—Ownership” below. 
(3) 
“Other shareholders (minorities)” includes 0.02% held indirectly by the Koç Group through entities other than Koç Financial Services A.S. and Koç Holding A.Ş. 
Ownership 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s controlling shareholder is the Koç Group with a 61.17% stake 
and approximately 38.83% of the Bank’s shares are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders.  The 
direct or indirect acquisition of shares, which represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank, or the 
direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of shares resulting in the total number of shares held by a shareholder 
to increase above or fall below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission 
of the BRSA.  In addition, irrespective of these thresholds, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with 
the right to nominate a member to the board of directors or audit committee or issuance of new shares with such 
privileges is also subject to the authorisation of the BRSA. 
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş. (“KFS”), which was jointly 
owned by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.  In November 2019, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. reached 
an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure (the “2019 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement”).  
On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the contemplated share transfers, whereby 
UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital and the Koç Group 
increased its ownership to 49.97%.  Immediately after the completion of the share transfers between the Koç 
Group and UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through accelerated book building 
of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors.  The sale took place on 13 February 
2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00%. 
UniCredit S.p.A. sold its remaining shares in the Group on the market, comprising 2% the Bank’s outstanding 
share capital.  As a result of sale by UniCredit S.p.A. of 2% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital, its 
ownership in the Bank’s share capital decreased from 20% to 18% and the proportion of the Bank’s share capital 
that is held by minority shareholders has increased from 30.03% to approximately 32%. 
In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced that pursuant to a right of first offer under 
the 2019 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç Holding”) will acquire an additional 
18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from UniCredit S.p.A. (the “2022 Share Acquisition”).

--- Page 273 ---
254
 
 
Following approval from regulatory authorities in Türkiye and abroad, the share transfers relating to the 
disclosed purchase by Koç Holding of 18.00% of the Bank’s shares from UniCredit S.p.A. has been finalized 
as of 1 April 2022.  As a result, Koç Holding’s direct share in the Bank increased from 9.02% to 27.02% whereas 
its direct and indirect shares in the Bank reached 67.99%.  As Koç Holding’s direct and indirect shares in the 
Bank went above the 50% threshold defined in CMB’s Communique on Takeover Bids, a mandatory tender 
offer has been triggered for Koç Holding for the shares of the other Bank’s shareholders.  Accordingly, Koç 
Holding applied to CMB for the approval of the mandatory tender offer. 
On 28 July 2023, Koç Holding sold 6.81% of the Bank’s issued share capital to institutional investors through 
a bookbuild process.  As a result, Koç Holding’s direct stake in the Bank’s outstanding share capital decreased 
from 27.02% to 20.22%, and the Koç Group’s direct and indirect stake in the Bank’s outstanding share capital 
decreased from 67.99% to 61.17%.  The Koç Group continues to be the controlling shareholder of the Bank. 
Controlling Shareholders 
Koç Financial Services 
KFS is a financial holding company 100% owned by Koç Holding As a result of a transfer of shares on 5 
February 2020, Koç Financial Services became the owner of 40.95% of the Bank. 
Koç Holding A.S. 
Koç Holding is one of Türkiye’s largest conglomerates in terms of turnover and exports, with operations in the 
energy, automotive, consumer durables and finance sectors.  Koç Holding derives its strength from a large 
distribution network and after sales services, a wide customer base in different business segments together with 
strong customer relationship management capabilities enabling efficient upward and cross selling, leading 
brands and strong recognition and optimum portfolio diversification.  In the year ended 31 December 2018, Koç 
Holding had total sales that corresponded to 10% of Türkiye’s GDP and exports that comprised 8% of Türkiye’s 
total exports.  In the year ended 31 December 2019, Koç Holding generated U.S.$55.3 billion in total revenues, 
had total sales that corresponded to 8% of Türkiye’s GDP and exports that comprised 9% of Türkiye’s total 
exports.  In the year ended 31 December 2020, Koç Holding generated U.S.$46.3 billion in combined revenues 
that corresponded to 6.4% of Türkiye’s GDP and exports that comprised 6.7% of Türkiye’s total exports. 
As a result of the transfer of shares on 5 February 2020, Koç Holding became the sole shareholder of Koç 
Financial Services, which in turn held 40.95% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital.  Additionally, Koç 
Holding directly holds 27.02% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital, as described further under “—
Ownership” above.

--- Page 274 ---
255
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Related parties include entities that are directors, shareholders or affiliates of, or entities under common 
management or control with, the Bank.  Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control 
the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial or operational decisions.  
The Group is controlled by the Koç Group. 
All of the related-party credit applications must go through the Group’s normal credit review process.  All 
extensions of credit to the related parties are made on an arm’s length basis and the credit and payment terms in 
respect of such credits are no more favourable than those offered to third parties. 
The Banking Law places limits on a bank’s exposure to related parties.  Under the Banking Law, the total 
amount of loans to be extended by a bank to its risk group must not be more than 20% of its own funds.  As of 
30 September 2024, the Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled TL 30,212,774 thousand, an amount 
corresponding to 12.3% of its own funds; the Bank is therefore within the limits of the Banking Law in terms 
of its exposure to its subsidiaries and other affiliates. 
The following tables show the loans of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2024 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Group 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables..............
Balance at the beginning of the 
period............................................
75,476
90,060
35,697
1,304,299
18,315,042
9,439,424
Balance at the end of the period ...
229,547 
38,566 
13,997 
605,925 
21,079,035 
16,162,015 
Interest and commission income 
received(3) .....................................
298,184 
58 
3,350 
1,846 
5,295,088 
104,331 
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) 
The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
(3) 
Prior period presents profit / loss information of 30 September 2023. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Group 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables..............
Balance at the beginning of the 
period............................................
46,501
1,784
176,501
903,139
12,012,206
5,772,850
Balance at the end of the period ...
75,476
90,060
35,697
1,304,299
18,315,042
9,439,424
Interest and commission income 
received(3)......................................
79,064
272 
42,651 
6,574 
4,386,974 
64,978 
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) 
The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
(3) 
Prior period presents profit / loss information of 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Group 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non Cash 
Cash 
Non Cash 
Cash 
Non Cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables..............
Balance at the beginning of the 
period............................................
22,481
2,838
416,619
1,070,846
8,119,787
3,310,640
Balance at the end of the period ...
46,501
1,784
176,501
903,139
12,012,206
5,772,850
Interest and commission income 
received(3) .....................................
1,743 
11 
59,479
2,651 
1,795,490 
27,690 
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) 
The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
(3) 
Prior period presents profit / loss information of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 275 ---
256
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Group 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables..............
Balance at the beginning of the 
period............................................
40,512
3,498
969,369
898,824
5,231,297
2,078,697
Balance at the end of the period ...
18,011
2,838
3,012,999
1,070,846
7,118,175
3,310,640
Interest and commission income 
received.........................................
741 
41 
42,269 
8,799 
769,085 
14,229 
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) 
The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2)
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2024 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2024 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2024 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
(TL, thousands)
Beginning of the period....................
1,179,266
570,543 
30,457,645
27,832,583 
123,741,795
70,401,031 
End of the period..............................
1,976,106
1,179,266 
45,086,057
30,457,645 
130,753,651
123,741,795 
Interest expense on deposits .............
245,093
252,819 
4,178,852
2,167,942 
11,827,142
4,353,728 
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) 
The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits. 
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2)
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
(TL, thousands)
Beginning of the period....................
570,543 
406,888
27,832,583 
38,214,095
70,401,031 
50,919,449
End of the period..............................
1,179,266 
570,543
30,457,645 
27,832,583
123,741,795 
70,401,031
Interest expense on deposits .............
252,819 
9,601
2,167,942 
1,990,833
4,353,728 
1,482,225
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) 
The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits. 
The following table shows the forward and option agreements and other derivative instruments with the Group’s 
risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)
For the nine 
months 
ended 30 
September 
2024 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2024 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2024 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
(TL, thousands)
Transactions at fair value through 
profit or loss(2)
Beginning of the period(3) .................
-
-
19,721,860 
1,886,536 
5,382,691 
1,273,964 
End of the period(3) ............................
-
-
-
19,721,860 
3,401,548
5,382,691 
Total profit/loss................................
- 
- 
410,984 
(35,811) 
398,901 
108,119 
Transactions for hedging purposes(2)
.......................................................
Beginning of the period(3)..................
-
-
-
-
-
-
End of the period(3) ............................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Total profit/loss................................
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411.

--- Page 276 ---
257
 
 
(2) 
The Bank’s derivate instruments are classified as “Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” or “Derivate financial instruments 
held for hedging” according to TAS 39. 
(3) 
The balances at the beginning and end of the periods are disclosed as the total of buy and sell amounts of derivate financial instruments. 
The following table shows the forward and option agreements and other derivative instruments with the Group’s 
risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
(TL, thousands)
Transactions at fair value through 
profit or loss(2)
Beginning of the period(3).................
-
—
1,886,536 
2,828,070
1,273,964 
379,300
End of the period(3) ...........................
-
—
19,721,860 
1,886,536
5,382,691 
1,273,964
Total profit/loss...............................
- 
— 
(35,811) 
192,197 
108,119  
(349,753) 
Transactions 
for 
hedging 
purposes(2)....................................
Beginning of the period(3).................
-
—
-
525,855
-
—
End of the period(3) ...........................
-
—
-
—
-
—
Total profit/loss...............................
- 
— 
- 
— 
- 
— 
____________ 
(1) 
Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) 
The Bank’s derivate instruments are classified as “Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” or “Derivate financial instruments 
held for hedging” according to TAS 39. 
(3) 
The balances at the beginning and end of the periods are disclosed as the total of buy and sell amounts of derivate financial instruments.

--- Page 277 ---
258
 
 
TURKISH BANKING SYSTEM 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking market has been provided for background purposes 
only.  The information has been extracted from third party sources that the Bank believes to be reliable but the 
Bank has not independently verified such information. 
The data provided in this section has been derived from information of the Banks Association of Türkiye.  As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, data as of 31 December 2019, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021, 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2023 and 30 September 2024 were available. 
As at 30 September 2024, 54 banks were operating in Türkiye (excluding one banks under the administration 
of the SDIF and nine participation banks).  Three of these banks were public sector commercial banks, nine 
were privately owned deposit banks, 22 were foreign banks (including branches of foreign banks, banks with 
majority foreign shareholding and joint ventures between Turkish and foreign shareholders), and 20 were 
domestic development and investment banks (three of which having foreign shareholding and three having 
public shareholding).  There were also nine participation banks in Türkiye, which conducted their business 
under the relevant legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles.  The former Banking Law 
numbered 4389 (the “Former Banking Law”) was replaced by the Banking Law on 1 November 2005 and the 
secondary Turkish banking legislation has changed substantially between 2005 and 2021.  The Banking Law 
permits commercial banks to engage in all fields of financial activities including deposit taking, corporate and 
consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, certain capital markets activities, securities trading and 
investment banking (except collecting participation funds) and financial leasing activities. 
The Turkish banking system has become increasingly competitive over the last decade.  The expansion of the 
Turkish banking sector was initially fuelled by economic growth and the liberalisation of the economy and went 
through a rapid and significant consolidation as many banks with weaker financial standing were taken over by 
the SDIF and removed from the sector.  The Government has also contributed to structural improvements in the 
banking system through various regulatory arrangements, including standardised accounting practices, external 
auditing, higher capital adequacy standards, stricter treatment of non-performing credits and the proposed 
phasing out of deposit insurance.  The objective of these regulatory changes has been to strengthen the banking 
sector and to increase the transparency and overall efficiency of the Turkish banking sector. 
Following the financial crisis in 2001, the BRSA started to intervene actively in the banking sector.  The BRSA 
is an autonomous and independent body and is the sole regulatory and supervisory authority for the Turkish 
banking system.  The BRSA required privately-owned commercial banks that had the authority to accept 
deposits to undergo a three-tier audit process in 2001, which was strictly monitored by the BRSA.  The three-tier 
audit process was then by far the most comprehensive audit completed on Turkish banks, comprising a full audit 
by two independent auditors as well as BRSA auditors.  A detailed analysis of each bank’s cash flows was 
undertaken, with a significant proportion of its credits being evaluated and an aggressive position taken on 
classifying credits as non-performing.  The most conservative of the three audit reports was then delivered to 
the BRSA to enable it to evaluate each bank’s financial position.  This process was completed by mid-2002.  
Moreover, in line with the regulations of the Former Banking Law, banks established risk management 
departments reporting directly to their respective boards of directors.  Accordingly, since 2002 risks taken by 
Turkish banks in terms of market, credit and operations are required to be calculated and monitored by these 
risk management departments.

--- Page 278 ---
259
 
 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of (or for the period ended on) 
the indicated dates. 
As of (or for the year ended) 
30 September 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(TL, millions, except percentages)
Balance sheet
Loans(1).............................................
14,513,425
11,117,900
7,163,788
4,674,073
3,434,336
2,308,603
Total assets.......................................
28,032,670
21,510,037
13,159,774
8,498,120
5,669,296
3,904,022
Customer deposits ............................
16,641,124
13,607,417
8,025,102
4,760,170
3,142,205
2,351,444
Shareholders’ equity.........................
2,450,749
2,008,973
1,226,088
613,561
519,021
425,808
Income statement............................
Net interest income...........................
604,806
649,308
708,891
250,433
201,031
154,381
Net fees and commissions income....
439,009
295,988
122,726
60,981
43,175
47,460
Total income.....................................
1,234,179
1,361,525
1,023,434
355,289
265,236
214,814
Net Profit..........................................
415,430
567,245
401,914
87,474
54,786
46,404
Key ratios........................................
Loans to customer deposits ratio ......
87.21%
81.70%
89.26%
93.62%
103.57%
98.20%
Net interest margin(2) .......................
3,42%
3,95%
6.84%
3.94%
4.22%
4.00%
Return 
on 
average 
tangible 
shareholders’ equity......................
24,84%
34.06%
40.02%
14.00%
10.51%
11.10%
Capital adequacy ratio......................
17.71%
18.35%
19.17%
18.06%
18.32%
18.00%
As of (or for the year ended) 
___________ 
Source:  BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
Note: 
Banks controlled by the SDIF and participation banks are not included in these figures. 
(1) 
Due to the implementation of TFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, NPLs were excluded from the “Loans” line item as of 31 December 2020, 2021, 
and 2022.  As such, NPLs have been excluded from the “Loans” line items as of 31 December 2018 and 2019 for comparison purposes. 
(2) 
Calculated as net interest income/(expense) divided by the average interest-earning assets (securities, performing loans and other interest-
earning assets) for the applicable period. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
30 September 
2024 
2023 
(%) 
Loan Growth .........................................................................................................................
31
55
TL......................................................................................................................................
23
56
FC (USD) .........................................................................................................................
26
(2)
Customer Deposit Growth.....................................................................................................
22
70
TL......................................................................................................................................
29
91
FC (USD) .........................................................................................................................
(4)
(9)
Securities Growth..................................................................................................................
26
63
TL......................................................................................................................................
34
63
FC (USD)..........................................................................................................................
(4)
(3)
NPL Ratio .............................................................................................................................
1.7
1.6
Capital adequacy ratio (CAR)1..............................................................................................
17.7
18.4
TL Loan – Deposit Spread ....................................................................................................
0.3
(1.6)
Return on tangible equity (RoTE) .........................................................................................
24.8
34.1
 
____________ 
Source:  BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr), based on the BRSA’s calculation of such figures. 
Notes: 
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratio includes the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. 
For a discussion of competition in the Turkish banking sector please see “Business of the Bank—Competition.”

--- Page 279 ---
260
 
 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Türkiye are governed by two primary regulatory authorities in 
Türkiye, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Former Banking Law established the BRSA, which ensures that banks observe banking legislation, 
supervises the application of banking legislation and monitors the banking system.  Accordingly, the BRSA is 
authorised and obliged to take all steps to assure the effective functioning of the credit system in Türkiye and 
to prevent all transactions and practices which could jeopardise the disciplined and safe functioning of the 
Turkish banking sector.  The BRSA has administrative and financial autonomy.  The Banking Law, which 
abolished and replaced the Former Banking Law, came into force upon publication thereof in the Official 
Gazette dated 1 November 2005.  The Banking Law was passed to increase confidence and stability in financial 
markets, ensure efficient operation of the credit system, and protect the rights and interest of deposit holders.  
The Banking Law includes provisions regarding capital adequacy, efficiency of control and audit to be carried 
out by the BRSA, creation of market discipline, and enforcing liability insurance requirements for third party 
service providers to banks, such as sworn auditors and credit rating agencies.  Historically, its head office has 
been in Ankara.  However, as of 13 February 2011 and pursuant to Law No. 6111, the head office was relocated 
to Istanbul. 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the 
issuance of bank notes, implementation of the Government’s fiscal and monetary policies, regulation of the 
money supply, management of official gold and foreign exchange reserves, supervision of the banking system 
and advising the Government on financial matters.  The Central Bank is empowered to determine the inflation 
target together with the Government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. 
The Central Bank exercises its powers independently and is responsible for its affairs within the bounds of the 
Government’s defined policies. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including foreign banks.  The Central 
Bank sets mandatory reserve levels and liquidity ratios.  In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, 
on a current basis, information adequate to permit off site evaluation of its financial performance, including 
balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ reports and auditors’ reports.  Under current practice, 
such reporting is required on a daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and semi-annual basis, depending on the nature 
of the information to be reported.  Official certified bank auditors, who are responsible for the onsite 
examination of banks, implement the provisions of the Banking Law and other related legislation, examine on 
behalf of the BRSA all banking operations and analyse the relationship between assets, liabilities, net worth, 
profit and loss accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks, 
as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057 (the 
“Internal Systems Regulation”), banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all 
of their consolidated affiliates) internal audit and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and 
structure of their activities, in compliance with the provisions of the regulation.  Pursuant to such regulation, the 
internal audit and risk management systems are to be vested in a department of the bank that has the necessary 
independence to accomplish its purpose and such department will report to the bank’s board of directors.  To 
achieve this, according to the regulation, the internal control personnel cannot also be appointed to work in a 
role conflicting with their internal control duties.  The Internal Systems Regulation also requires banks to 
internally calculate the amount of capital required to cover the risks to which they are or may be exposed on a 
consolidated basis and with a forward-looking perspective, taking into account the bank’s near- and medium-
term business and strategic plans.  This process, referred to as the “Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process,” should be designed according to the bank’s needs and risk attitude and should constitute an integral 
part of the decision-making process and corporate culture of the bank.  In this context, each bank is required to 
prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) representing the bank’s 
own assessment of its capital requirements.  An ICAAP Report is required to be submitted annually to the 
BRSA, together with the stress test analysis, the internal audit report on the internal capital adequacy assessment 
process and the model validation report by the end of March of the following year.  The board of directors of a 
bank is responsible for maintenance of adequate equity to ensure establishment and implementation of the 
ICAAP Report.

--- Page 280 ---
261
 
 
Pursuant to the recent amendments introduced to the Banking Law, the Central Bank has been empowered to 
determine maximum interest rates for lending and deposit taking activities of banks, as well as fees, expenses 
and commissions charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activities. 
The Turkish Banking Association acts as a limited organisation of supervision and coordination.  All banks in 
Türkiye are obliged to become members of this association.  As the representative body of the banking sector, 
the association aims to examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its 
regulatory and disciplinary functions, it does not possess any powers to regulate banking. 
Shareholding 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any 
bank or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a person if the total number of shares 
held by such person increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, 
requires the permission of the BRSA in order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated 
with such shares.  In addition, irrespective of these thresholds, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares 
with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors or audit committee or issuance of new shares with 
such privileges is also subject to authorisation by the BRSA.  In the absence of such authorisation, a holder of 
such thresholds of shares cannot be registered in the share register, which effectively deprives such shareholder 
of the ability to participate in shareholder meetings or to exercise voting or other shareholders’ rights with 
respect to the shares but not of the right to collect dividends declared on such shares. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for ensuring that shareholders attending general assemblies have 
obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA.  If the BRSA determines that a shareholder has exercised 
voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due authorisation as 
described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a bank to cancel 
any applicable general assembly resolutions.  If the shares are obtained on the stock exchange, then the BRSA 
may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or transfer shares as 
described in the preceding paragraph without BRSA authorisation.  Unless and until a shareholder obtains the 
necessary share transfer approvals from the BRSA, the SDIF has the authority to exercise such voting and other 
shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and priority rights) attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
Turkish law sets out certain limits on the asset profile of banks and other financial institutions designed to 
protect those institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties), 
in particular: 
 
Credits extended in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as large 
credits and the total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity.  In 
this context, credits include cash credits and non-cash credits such as letters of guarantee, counter 
guarantees, sureties, avals, endorsements and acceptances extended by a bank, bonds and similar capital 
market instruments purchased by it, loans (whether deposits or other), receivables arising from the 
future sales of assets, overdue cash credits, accrued but not collected interest, amounts of non-cash 
credits converted into cash and futures and options and other similar contracts, partnership interests and 
shareholding interests. 
 
The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% 
of its equity capital.  In calculating such limit, a credit extended to a partnership is deemed to be 
extended to the partners in proportion to their liabilities.  A risk group is defined as an individual, his 
or her spouse and children and partnerships in which any one of such persons is a director or general 
manager, deputy general managers and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent 
or higher positions in the hierarchy as well as partnerships that are directly or indirectly controlled by 
any one of such persons, either individually or jointly with third parties, or in which any one of such 
persons participate with unlimited liability.  Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more 
of the bank’s voting rights or the right to nominate board members, its board members, general manager, 
deputy general managers and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent or higher 
positions in the hierarchy, and his or her spouse or children and partnerships directly or indirectly,

--- Page 281 ---
262
 
 
individually or jointly, controlled by any of these persons or a partnership in which these persons 
participate with unlimited liability or in which these persons act as directors or general managers 
constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of a bank’s equity capital, 
subject to the BRSA’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to the legal 
limit. 
 
Loans made available to a bank’s controlling shareholders or registered shareholders holding more than 
1% of the share capital of the bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s capital 
equity. 
The BRSA determines the permissible ratio of non-cash loans, futures and options, other similar transactions, 
avals, acceptances, guarantees and sureties, and bills of exchange, bonds and other similar capital markets 
instruments issued or guaranteed by, and credit and other financial instruments and other contracts entered into 
with, governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA for the purpose of 
calculation of loan limits. 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above mentioned 
lending limits: 
 
transactions backed by cash, cash-like assets and accounts and precious metals; 
 
transactions carried out with the Undersecretariat of Treasury, Central Bank, Privatisation 
Administration, the Mass Housing Administration, Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş. and Turkish 
Sovereign Wealth Fund, as well as the transactions carried out against bills, bonds and similar securities 
issued or guaranteed by these institutions; 
 
transactions carried out with the Central Bank and in legally organised money markets; 
 
in case of new credit allocations to the same person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks and 
credit cards), valuations prompted by the changes in currency rates in credits denominated or indexed 
to foreign currencies, and interests, profit shares and other such issues accrued on overdue credits; 
 
bonus shares (scrip issues) received as a result of capital increases, and any increase in the value of 
shares not requiring any fund outflow; 
 
interbank operations within the framework of the principles set out by the BRSA; 
 
shares acquired within the framework of underwriting services for public offering activities provided 
that such shares are disposed of in the time and manner determined by the BRSA; 
 
transactions considered as “deductibles” in the shareholders’ equity account; and 
 
other transactions to be determined by the board of the BRSA (the “BRSB”). 
The BRSA published the Regulation on the Determination of Risk Groups and Lending Limits in the Official 
Gazette dated 21 December 2023 and numbered 32406.  The main rules summarised above on the lending limits 
have not been changed but the BRSA has clarified certain details and has brought additional rules and limited 
exceptions.  The following are certain key provisions that the BRSA has introduced with the Regulation on the 
Determination of Risk Groups and Lending Limits: 
 
The BRSA has introduced new criteria for determination of the credit customers within the same risk 
group, pursuant to which a bank is required to also assess the economic dependency between two 
customers when determining whether they are within the same risk group.  While a bank determining 
the risk groups whose risk amount exceeds five per cent. (5%) of the bank’s Tier I capital, the bank 
must analyse whether a customer has economic dependence on other customers based on the following 
criteria.  For other credit customers that do not exceed the aforementioned five per cent. (5%) limit, it 
is appropriate for the bank to consider these criteria in determining the risk groups: 
(i) 
fifty per cent. (50%) or more of the customer’s annual gross revenues or annual gross 
expenses arise from transactions with the other customer;

--- Page 282 ---
263
 
 
(ii) 
the customer gives guarantees, sureties or is in some way responsible for the debts of the 
other customer, in whole or in part, and when the liability crystallizes, the risk is large enough 
to cause the first customer to also default on its debts; 
(iii) 
a significant portion of the goods or services produced by the customer is sold to the other 
customer and the other customer cannot be easily replaced by another party; 
(iv) 
the sources of income to be used by multiple customers to repay their debts to the bank are the 
same and there are no other sources of income that will allow these customers to repay their 
debts in full; 
(v) 
the financial difficulty experienced by another customer is of a magnitude that may prevent 
the customer from fulfilling its obligations on time and in full; 
(vi) 
the default or bankruptcy of another customer is likely to cause the default or bankruptcy of 
the customer; and 
(vii) 
generation of a large portion of multiple clients’ funds from the same source and the 
unavailability of an alternative fund provider in the event of default of that fund provider, 
from which such clients generate a large portion of their funds. 
Under the circumstances (i), (ii), (iii), (v) and (vi) above, where the economic dependency is one-way, 
the customer must be included in the risk group of the other customer, to which it has economic 
dependency; however, it is not necessary to include the other customer to which it has economic 
dependency in the risk group to which the customer belongs, provided that there is no other relationship 
between them that requires them to be in the same risk group.  Under the circumstances (iv) and (vii) 
above, where the economic dependency is two-way, customers with economic dependency between 
each other are to be included in each other’s risk groups. 
 
On the determination of a risk group of a person, the BRSA has clarified that, multiple customers that 
are under the control of or economically dependent on central governments, central banks or public 
institutions that are subject to the same risk weight application as receivables from central governments 
in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation are not required to be considered in the same risk 
group only due to this relationship, provided that there is no other relationship between them that 
requires them to be considered in the same risk group. 
 
Exceptionally, (i) the persons that are required to be classified in the same risk group by a bank in 
accordance with paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 4 of the Regulation on the Determination of Risk Groups 
and Lending Limits, provided that their exceptional circumstances or the presence of preventative 
corporate governance practices is determined by such bank, and (ii) the persons that are required to be 
classified in the same risk group by a bank due to their economic dependency, provided that it is 
determined by the bank that one party will not be affected by the other party’s default or financial 
difficulties by finding new sources of funding or business partners, the bank may not classify these two 
persons within the same risk group. 
(i) 
The lending limits are to be calculated and applied both on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis.  In 
the calculation by a bank of lending limits on a consolidated basis:  all debts and liabilities of persons 
within the scope of the risk group definition to all entities included in the consolidated financial 
institutions group of the bank, in the nature of a credit, are taken into account by such bank (provided 
that factoring receivables of consolidated financial institutions and items related to various loans and 
overdrafts are to be taken into account as cash loans) and (ii) the risk group including the bank is applied 
as the risk group including the group of financial institutions by taking into account the parent company 
and each subsidiary including the group of financial institutions subject to consolidation. 
 
All on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet risks that are taken into account by a bank within the scope 
of the Capital Adequacy Regulation and monitored by such bank in trading or banking accounts are to 
be included by such bank in the lending limits calculations.  The BRSA has introduced certain details 
about the calculation of such risks in the Regulation on Determination of Risk Groups and Lending 
Limits, such as the methodology to be applied for derivative transactions, covered securities, other 
structured products and credits to central counterparties defined in the Capital Adequacy Regulation.

--- Page 283 ---
264
 
 
A bank, in the calculation of lending limits, must take into account the financial collaterals, unfunded 
credit protections and on-balance sheet netting that meet the minimum requirements as per the 
Communiqué on Credit Risk Mitigation Techniques published in the Official Gazette dated 6 September 
2014 and numbered 29111 (the “Communiqué on Credit Risk Mitigation Techniques”) as risk amount 
reduction.  The banks are not to use the collaterals that are exclusively taken into account in the 
calculation of the amount subject to credit risk with internal rating-based approaches for risk amount 
reduction in the calculation of lending limits.  If such credit risk mitigation techniques mentioned above 
are used in the capital adequacy calculations made in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, 
they must also be used in the lending limits calculations. 
 
The BRSA has exercised the discretion granted to it in the Banking Law in determining further 
transactions of banks not subject to the lending limits.  The following transactions have also been 
included within the scope of transactions not subject to the lending limits: 
(i) 
receivables from central governments, central banks or public institutions subject to the same 
application as receivables from central governments pursuant to the Capital Adequacy 
Regulation and receivables secured by guarantees provided or securities issued by central 
governments, provided that the conditions specified in the Communiqué on Credit Risk 
Mitigation Techniques are met; 
(ii) 
day-to-day receivables arising from transactions of banks with other banks, including banks 
headquartered abroad; 
(iii) 
receivables arising from settlement transactions with central counterparties performing 
qualified transactions within the scope of the Capital Adequacy Regulation; and 
(iv) 
amounts deducted from equity components. 
In case the receivables specified in paragraph (i) above are hedged with a credit derivative, the risk 
amount calculated in accordance with the Regulation on the Determination of Risk Groups and Lending 
Limits must take into account in the lending limits of the hedging party, notwithstanding whether the 
underlying asset is exempt from the lending limits. 
Banks must not take into account avals, guarantees and sureties accepted from the persons included in 
a risk group as the collateral of the loans extended to such risk group in the calculation of the lending 
limits of such risk group. 
 
In addition to the transactions specified above, banks must not take into account the following 
transactions either in the calculation of the lending limits extended to the risk group to which the banks 
themselves belong: 
(i) 
shareholding interests in consolidated banks and financial institutions; 
(ii) 
unlimited guarantees given by banks operating in Turkey to the competent authorities of 
foreign countries against the liabilities of the consolidated subsidiaries of these banks engaged 
in banking activities in foreign countries in accordance with the legislation of the relevant 
country; and 
(iii) 
shareholding interests acquired free of charge as a result of all kinds of capital increases and 
value increases of shareholding interests that do not require any fund outflow. 
 
In the calculation of the lending limits of a bank, such bank’s latest consolidated Tier I capital and 
shareholders’ equity and unconsolidated Tier 1 capital and shareholders’ equity calculated in 
accordance with the Equity Regulation is to be taken into account and the lending limits are calculated 
and reported to the BRSA at the end of each month. 
In case of a breach in the lending limits, banks are obliged to immediately notify the BRSA of the reasons 
thereof, together with the remedial measures planned to be taken.  In case of volatility in the financial markets, 
in order to ensure stability in the interbank money market, the BRSB is authorized not to consider the excesses 
in the transactions in this market over the lending limits as a non-compliance with the limits.  The amount in 
excess of any of the limits calculated on a consolidated basis and an unconsolidated basis is be taken into

--- Page 284 ---
265
 
 
account, notwithstanding which one of such limits is exceeded.  If there is an excess in both limits, banks must 
take into account the higher excess amount.  In the event that the lending limits are exceeded due to decreases 
in the consolidated or unconsolidated, Tier 1 capital or equity, such excesses must be eliminated within a period 
of six (6) months.  In case the excess requires an increase in the consolidated or unconsolidated Tier 1 capital 
or shareholders’ equity, the relevant bank must carry out the increase by taking into account whichever of the 
Tier 1 capital or shareholders’ equity that requires the higher increase amount. 
Loan Loss Reserves 
Procedures relating to loan loss reserves for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in regulations 
issued by the BRSA.  According to this article, banks must formulate implement and regularly review policies 
regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other 
receivables and to reserve an adequate level of provisions against impairment in the value of other assets, for 
qualification and classification of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value 
and reliability.  In addition, such policies must address issues such as monitoring the loans, follow up procedures 
and the repayment of overdue loans.  Banks must also establish and operate systems to perform these functions.  
All special provisions set aside for loans and other receivables in accordance with this article are considered as 
expenditures deductible from the corporate tax base in the year they are set aside. 
On 22 June 2016, the BRSA has published the Provisioning Regulation which entered into force on 1 January 
2018 in lieu of the Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receiveables published in the 
Official Gazette dated 1 November 2006 and No. 26333.  The Provisioning Regulation aims at ensuring 
compliance with the requirements of IFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Programme, which is a joint 
programme by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.  The Provisioning Regulation requires 
banks to have adopted Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9, which is the TFRS 9 compliant financial 
reporting standards of Türkiye (“TFRS 9”) principles, (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related to 
the assessment of credit risk by the end of 2017 and to set aside general provisions in line with such principles.  
According to the Provisioning Regulation, the banks are still required to classify their loans and receivables in 
groups, but there are certain changes in the content of the groups compared to the Regulation on Provisions and 
Classification of Loans and Receivables.  Please note that group classification and provision levels for periods 
before and after 1 January 2018 are not directly comparable.  Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, banks 
are required to classify their loans and receivables into one of the following groups: 
(a) 
Group I:  Loans of a Standard Nature and Other Receivables: 
This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of the Provisioning Regulation, includes other 
receivables and shall be understood as such elsewhere in this Base Prospectus): 
(i) 
that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities; 
(ii) 
the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the solvency 
and cash flow of the debtor; 
(iii) 
repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for more than 
30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the ability 
to be collected in full without recourse to any security; 
(iv) 
in respect of which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been 
found; and 
(v) 
to which 12 months expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
The uncollectible loans that are written-off after having reserved requisite provisions are considered to 
be bad debt within the context of Article 322 of the Tax Procedural Law No. 213. 
(b) 
Group II:  Loans Under Close Monitoring: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural and legal persons and where negative 
changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted due to adverse

--- Page 285 ---
266
 
 
events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, or other 
adverse events solely related to the respective debtor; 
(ii) 
that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk carried by 
the debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan; 
(iii) 
in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest payments in 
accordance with the conditions of the loan agreement, and where the failure to resolve such 
problems might result in risk of non-collection in full without recourse to any security; 
(iv) 
where although the credit standing of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its credit 
standing on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of a weakening due to the debtor’s 
irregular and unmanageable cash flow; 
(v) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more than 30 but 
less than 90 days following its payment due date (including the maturity date) for reasons that 
cannot be interpreted as a weakening in credit standing; 
(vi) 
in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant to TFRS 9; 
(vii) 
repayments of which are fully dependent upon security and the net realisable value of such 
security falls under the receivable amount; 
(viii) 
that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II without being 
able to be classified as an NPL; or 
(ix) 
that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and classified as a 
performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
(c) 
Group III:  Loans with Limited Collection Possibility: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened; 
(ii) 
that has limited possibility for the collection of the full amount without recourse to any security 
due to the insufficiency of net realizable value of the security or the debtor’s equity to meet the 
repayment of the full amount on the due date, and that would likely result in losses in case such 
problems are not resolved; 
(iii) 
collection of the principal and interest (or both) of which has/have been delayed for more than 
90 days but not more than 180 days from the payment due date; 
(iv) 
in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of the principal 
or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the payment due date 
owing to reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working capital or in creating 
additional liquidity as a result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector 
in which the debtor operates or other adverse events solely related to the debtor; or 
(v) 
that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or interest 
payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of a restructuring 
or have been subject to another restructuring within such one year of the previous restructuring. 
(d) 
Group IV:  Loans with Doubtful Collection Possibility: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be collected in full under the 
terms of the loan agreement without recourse to any security; 
(ii) 
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly deteriorated, but which 
loan is not yet considered as an actual loss by virtue of contribution expected from factors such

--- Page 286 ---
267
 
 
as merger, the possibility of finding new financing or a capital increase to the debtor’s 
creditworthiness and the collection possibility of the credit; 
(iii) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
180 days but less than one year following its payment due date (including the maturity date); 
or 
(iv) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be overdue for more 
than 180 days following its payment due date (including the maturity date) as a result of adverse 
events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or adverse 
events solely related to the debtor. 
(e) 
Group V:  Loans Having the Nature of Loss: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no collection is 
expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be collected; 
(ii) 
although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the total 
receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding one 
year; or 
(iii) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
one year following its payment due date. 
In March 2020, the BRSA implemented certain forbearance measures, allowing the loans, the collection of the 
principal and interest (or both) of which has/have been delayed, to remain categorised as Group I and Group II 
longer, and the BRSA granted a temporary possibility to the banks to use the simple arithmetic average of the 
CBRT FX buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation date, in the calculation of amount 
subject to credit risk in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, when calculating the value of 
monetary assets and non-monetary assets (excluding the FX-denominated items valued at the historical cost) in 
accordance with the TAS and the relevant special provision amounts.  The BRSA announcement on 16 
September 2021 discontinued such measures, except for:  (i) the possibility to classify Stage 1 loans that were 
overdue by 31-90 days as of 1 October 2021, which continued to apply to the loans that were overdue for more 
than 31 days but less than 90 days as of 1 October 2021 (but not thereafter), (ii) the possibility to classify Stage 
2 loans that were overdue by 91-180 days as of 1 October 2021, which continued to apply to the loans that were 
overdue for more than 91 days but less than 180 days as of 1 October 2021 (but not thereafter), and (iii) the 
aforementioned temporary possibility granted to the banks to use the simple arithmetic average of the CBRT 
FX buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation date. 
On 6 July 2021, the BRSA amended the Provisioning Regulation such that the portion of the loans classified in 
Group V, for which loans allowance for credit losses expected throughout their life or special provisions have 
been set out, and, in respect of which portion there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, is to be written-off 
under TFRS 9 after the first reporting period (interim period or yearend reporting period) following their 
classification in Group V, within a period deemed appropriate by the bank specific to the circumstances of the 
relevant debtor.  Accordingly, such bank must set out such period with justifications and have it available for 
inspection.  In the first nine months ending 30 September 2022, the Group wrote-off TL 2.7 bln worth of loans. 
Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, loans:  (a) that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) the debtors 
of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to 
Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 
and numbered 29511)  or (c) to which, as a result of a debtor’s default, the lifetime expected credit loss reserve 
applies under TFRS 9 are classified as NPLs.  Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of 
their nominal amounts in situations where:  (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or 
(ii) the debt assumed under the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the circumstances 
stated in limbs (a), (b) or (c) above.  If several loans have been extended to a debtor by the same bank and any 
of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to such debtor by such bank shall also be 
classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans is classified as an NPL, other 
consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable group other than

--- Page 287 ---
268
 
 
Group I.  If loans extended to a debtor are classified as an NPL, the creditworthiness of other debtors within the 
same risk group with that debtor should be evaluated at the date of classification as NPL of that debtor’s loans.  
Accordingly, the loans extended to such other debtors should also be classified as an NPL if such loans fall 
within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in limbs (a), (b) or (c) above. 
The Provisioning Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of the “reclassification” 
and “restructuring” of loans.  As for the reclassification of loans, banks are required to evaluate such loans with 
a view as to whether such loans are to be reclassified under different groups, such evaluation is to be made at 
least once during each three-month financial statement term or (irrespective of this period) upon the occurrence 
of developments that pose a risk on such debtor’s performance of its obligations, in macroeconomic 
circumstances, or in the sector in which the respective debtor operates, or solely related to the respective debtor 
regardless of the macroeconomic circumstances and the sector.  Such evaluation shall be conducted 
independently from the credit and risk analysis made at the time of the extension of the loan. 
The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following conditions:  (a) all overdue 
repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as an NPL have been collected in full without 
recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there has been no overdue repayment and the 
last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned in limb (a)) have been realised in 
full by their due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled.  
Furthermore, loans (i) that have been fully or partially excluded from the assets of the banks, (ii) security for 
which has been enforced to satisfy the debt or (iii) repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be 
classified as a performing loan.  According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and 
numbered 8095 and dated 1 August 2019 and numbered 5477, CGF guaranteed loans and loans restructured 
within the scope of the Framework Agreement (as defined in the “Recent Amendments to the Turkish 
Insolvency and Restructurings Regime” section below) will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an amount 
overdue for more than 90 days following the due date; however, pursuant to the March 2020 amendments to the 
rules, the 90 day limit was increased to 180 days until 31 December 2020.  On 8 December 2020, the BRSA 
extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 
30 September 2021.  On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that this temporary rule would expire as of 
30 September 2021, however, the temporary rule continued to apply to the loans that were overdue for more 
than 91 days but less than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan is defined as privileges granted to a debtor who faces or would probably face financial 
difficulties in relation to the repayment of the loan, to which privileges would not be granted to other debtors 
not facing such repayment difficulties.  These privileges consist of:  (a) amendments to the conditions of the 
loan agreement or (b) partial or full refinancing of the loan.  In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a 
restructured loan under Group II subject to the following conditions:  (i) upon evaluation of the financial 
standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions for the applicable loan to be classified as an 
NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL for at least one year following a restructuring, 
(iii) as of the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has been no delay in principal and/or interest 
payments or any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or principal 
payments excluded from assets in relation to the restructured loan have been collected.  Furthermore, such 
restructured NPL being reclassified as a performing restructured Group II loan may be excluded from the scope 
of the restructuring if all the following conditions are met:  (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured 
loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10% of the outstanding debt amount has been repaid during 
such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay of more than 30 days in principal and/or 
interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such monitoring period and (D) the 
financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists.  On 15 August 2018, the BRSA 
published an amendment regulation to the Provisioning Regulation, introducing the possibility of a performing 
restructured loan being classified as a Group I loan, after being monitored as a restructured loan at least for three 
months and if the conditions (C) and (D), above, are met (without seeking the satisfaction of conditions (A) and 
(B), above).  Further, the same amendment regulation has provided that changes to the loan terms for, or partial 
or full refinancing of, the companies, the loans of which are classified as Group I and that are not in distress, 
will not be classified as restructuring and may be monitored under Group I. 
Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply provisions for their loans 
pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to apply the applicable 
provisions set forth in the Provisioning Regulation instead of those required by TFRS 9, subject to the presence

--- Page 288 ---
269
 
 
of detailed and acceptable grounds.  With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-months expected 
credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in credit risk 
profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside 
due to debtor’s default” is considered as special provisions. 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019.  According to this amendment, if the 
portion of a loan for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to 
the debtor’s default and that is classified under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such 
portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be written down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal 
reporting period following its classification under Group V.  
Banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to determine their general 
and special provisions in accordance with Articles 10 and 11 of the Provisioning Regulation.  In this respect, 
such banks shall set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 3.0% of their total cash loans portfolio under 
Groups I and II, respectively.  For non-cash loans, undertakings and derivatives, general provisions to be set 
aside shall be calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-weighted amounts determined 
pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation.  Subject to the presence of a written pledge or assignment 
agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, participation funds and gold deposit accounts; bonds that are issued 
by the Turkish government and the Central Bank, and guarantees and sureties provided by such, are not subject 
to the general set aside calculation.  Loans extended to the Turkish government and the Central Bank are not to 
be considered in such calculation.  As to special provisions, banks are required to comply with provision rules 
for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V at 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively. 
In respect of both general and special provisions, banks are required to consider country and transfer risks.  In 
addition, the BRSA may increase such provision requirements on the basis of banks or loans, taking into account 
the concentration from time to time in matters such as loans’ size, type, due date, currency, interest structure, 
sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, security, and the credit risk level and 
management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under 
TFRS 9, the Provisioning Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the 
net realisable values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs as follows: 
Discount Ratio 
(%) 
Category I Collateral.......................................................................................................................................
100
Category II Collateral......................................................................................................................................
80
Category III Collateral.....................................................................................................................................
60
Category IV Collateral ....................................................................................................................................
40
Category V Collateral......................................................................................................................................
20
 
According to the amendments to the Equity Regulation (as defined below) and the Capital Adequacy 
Regulation, general provisions are no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 
capital) of Turkish banks and are deducted from their risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines capital adequacy as having adequate equity against losses that could arise 
from the risks encountered.  Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, perpetuate and report 
their capital adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 8%.  
Despite the 8% minimum capital adequacy ratio requirement, the BRSA has declared in the press that its 
approach is, and will continue to be, to prohibit banks with a capital adequacy ratio less than 12% from opening 
new branches. 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank 
and to revise the risk weights of assets that are based upon participation accounts, but must consider each bank’s 
internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures.

--- Page 289 ---
270
 
 
In order to implement the rules of the report entitled “A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks 
and Banking Systems” published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 and 
revised in June 2011 into Turkish law, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements in 
September 2013 and enacted its new regulations, the Regulation on Equity as published in the Official Gazette 
dated 5 September 2013 and numbered 28756 (the “Equity Regulation”), and amendments to the Regulation 
on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks (which was later replaced by the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016), both of which entered into effect on 1 January 2014.  The 
BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations and 
communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 No. 29511 and 20 January 2016 No. 
29599) in accordance with the Basel Committee’s RCAP, which is conducted by the Bank for BIS and reviews 
Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations.  These amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, 
include revisions to the Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation. 
Pursuant to Article 44/3 of the Banking Law and Article 14 of the BRSA Regulation, the net worth of a bank 
(i.e., the bank’s equity) consists of main capital and supplementary capital minus capital deductions.  The Equity 
Regulation defines the capital of a bank as the sum of:  (a) principal capital (i.e., Tier I capital), which is 
composed of core capital and additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier I capital) and (b) supplementary 
capital (i.e., Tier II capital) minus capital deductions.  The Equity Regulation was amended on 11 July 2017, to 
remove certain capital deduction items such as real estate and goods held by the banks in specific circumstances. 
The BRSA published the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016 (the 
“Capital Adequacy Regulation”) and replaced the former regulation, namely the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks, which was published in the Official Gazette 
dated 28 June 2012 and numbered 28337. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation:  (i) both the minimum 
core capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated core capital adequacy ratio are 4.5% and (ii) both the 
minimum Tier I capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated Tier I capital ratio are 6.0%.  The Capital 
Adequacy Regulation maintained the capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation, but changed 
the risk weights of certain items. 
Accordingly, pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, risk weights of certain assets are decreased such as: 
i. 
the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%, 
ii. 
the risk weights of consumer loans (excluding residential mortgage loans and credit cards) qualifying 
as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation and 
instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their outstanding 
tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor) (on 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for 
consumer credit card instalment payments and consumer cash loans (excluding mortgage loans and auto 
loans) issued after 1 July 2021 to a range of 100% to 150% depending upon their tenor); provided that 
such receivables are not re-classified as non-performing loans (donuk alacaklar) (however, the BRSA 
is entitled to apply an increased risk weighting with respect to certain categories of such loans and 
instalment payments of credit cards if it is in the opinion that the default statistics justify the application 
of that, and with its decision on 1 July 2021 numbered 9645, it decided to apply (a) a risk weighting of 
100% in respect of instalment payments of individuals’ credit cards with a tenor from 1 month up to 6 
months (including a tenor of 6 months), and 150% for those with a tenor exceeding that, and (b) a risk 
weighting of 100% in respect of consumer loans (excluding residential mortgage loans and credit cards) 
with a tenor from 1 month up to 12 months (including a tenor of 12 months), and 150% for those with 
a tenor exceeding that); and 
iii. 
the credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%, provided 
that those can be cancelled at any time by the bank without any condition or in an automatic and 
effective manner due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the debtor. 
While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the Turkish sovereign and the Central 
Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks be risk-weighted 
according to their credit assessment, which currently results in a 100% risk weighting for Türkiye; however, the 
Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Türkiye (i.e., the “Turkish National Discretion”) revised 
this general rule by providing that all Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Türkiye and the 
Central Bank shall have a 0% risk weight.  According to the guidance published by the BRSA on 24 February

--- Page 290 ---
271
 
 
2017, foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank and with further guidance published by 
the BRSA on 16 April 2020 with its decision numbered 8999, all exposures to the Central Government of 
Türkiye regardless of the denomination will now also be subject to a 0% risk weight.  In response to the COVID-
19 pandemic, on 23 March 2020, the BRSA announced temporary regulatory forbearance measures (the 
“Temporary Forbearances”) that allowed banks to:  (i) in their financial statements from 31 March 2020 
through 31 December 2020, use the foreign exchange buying rates that are used in their 2019 year-end financial 
statements for TL conversion of FX-denominated risk weighted assets, (ii) if the net valuation differences of 
the securities classified in the “fair value through other comprehensive income” portfolio as of 23 March 2020 
are negative, exclude these differences through 31 December 2020 when calculating a bank’s legal equity in 
accordance with the Equity Regulation and its capital adequacy ratio.  According to the decision of the BRSA 
dated 17 June 2021 and numbered 9624, most of the Temporary Forbearances ceased to apply.  However, the 
BRSA has extended the temporary possibility granted to the banks to use the simple arithmetic average of the 
CBRT FX buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation date, in the calculation of amount 
subject to credit risk in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, when calculating the value of 
monetary assets and non-monetary assets (excluding the FX-denominated items valued at the historical cost) in 
accordance with the TAS and the relevant special provision amounts, until the BRSA issues a further decision 
otherwise.  On 12 December 2023, the BRSA announced that, in the calculation by the banks of the amount 
subject to credit risk in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, the foreign exchange rate as at 26 
June 2023 is to be used starting from 1 January 2024. 
Amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the 
capital calculations of banks that have issued additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014.  
According to these amendments, Tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are 
included in Tier 2 calculations only if they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the 2013 Equity Regulation was repealed.  In this context, the excess amount 
mentioned in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank 
cannot exceed 50% of its capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due to their 
receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer deducted 
from a bank’s capital base. 
In addition, the Regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer and the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks were published in the Official Gazette dated 
5 November 2013 and numbered 28812, and entered into force on 1 January 2014 (with the exception of certain 
provisions of the latter regulation entered into effect on 1 January 2015).  The Regulation on the Capital 
Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated 
and bank-only basis.  Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated 
by the multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital maintenance buffer ratio and 
bank-specific counter-cyclical buffer ratio.  The Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Leverage 
Level of Banks seeks to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity 
on a consolidated and bank-only basis against leverage risks.  In this context, the BRSA further published:  (a) 
its decision dated 18 December 2015 and numbered 6602 regarding the procedures for and principles on 
calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (b) its decision dated 24 
December 2015 and numbered 6619 regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer.  
Pursuant to these decisions, the countercyclical capital buffer for Turkish banks’ exposures in Türkiye was 
initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye (effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such 
ratio might fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA.  Any increase to the 
countercyclical capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, whereas 
any reduction is to be effective as of the date of the relevant public announcement. 
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, Tier II capital shall be calculated 
by subtracting capital deductions from general provisions, issuance premiums and the debt instruments that are 
not to be included in Tier I capital and have been approved by the BRSA. 
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of 
directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the New Tier II 
Conditions (except the issuance approval with the CMB) are met also can be included in Tier II capital 
calculations.  In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in

--- Page 291 ---
272
 
 
the calculation of Tier II capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions 
in Tier II capital.  Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, the basis for the calculation of this limit depends on 
risk-weighted assets related to credit risk.  General provisions are no longer be allowed to be included in the 
supplementary capital (i.e. Tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and the aforementioned limit which is calculated on 
the basis of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk is no longer applicable. 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation 
of Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt 
instruments or loans that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital) as well as procedures and principles related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. 
The Equity Regulation requires banks to obtain the prior permission of the BRSA for a debt to be classified as 
a “secondary subordinated debt”.  In order to obtain such permission, the bank must submit to the BRSA the 
original copy or a notarised copy of the applicable agreement(s), and if an applicable agreement is not yet signed, 
a draft of such agreement (with submission of its original or a notarised copy thereof to be made after receipt of 
the BRSA’s consent).  In considering any such request for its permission the BRSA will evaluate whether the 
credit in question meets the following criteria: 
 
the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and such issuance shall be approved by the CMB 
and shall have been fully collected in cash, 
 
in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments that 
are included in additional Tier I capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit 
holders and all other creditors, 
 
the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract violating the condition 
stated in the second clause nor shall it be tied to any guarantee or security, in one way or another, 
directly or indirectly, 
 
the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any provision 
that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, and 
 
the payment of debt before maturity is subject to approval of the BRSA. 
If the interest rate applied to a secondary subordinated debt is not explicitly indicated in the loan agreement or 
the text of the debt instrument or if the interest rate is excessively high compared to that of similar loans or debt 
instruments, then the BRSA might not authorise the inclusion of the loan or debt instrument in the calculation 
of Tier II capital.  In cases where the parties subsequently agree that a secondary subordinated debt be prepaid 
prior to its stated maturity (but in any event after the fifth anniversary of its utilisation), they would be required 
to obtain the BRSA’s permission.  Upon any such application, the BRSA will seek to ensure that the equity of 
the bank shall exceed the higher of:  (a) the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the 
Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks along with the procedures and 
principles on capital buffers that are to be set by the BRSA, (b) the capital requirement derived as a result of an 
internal capital adequacy evaluation process of the bank and (c) the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA 
(if any). 
In connection with secondary subordinated debt pursuant to which it has been agreed that a prepayment option 
shall be available and the remaining maturity is calculated by way of taking into account the originally agreed 
maturity date (i.e., not on the basis of the prepayment option date), such prepayment option can only be exercised 
with the consent of the BRSA, which would apply the equity related criteria stated above. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of Tier II capital as of the 
date of transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records.  Loan agreements and debt instruments 
that have been included in Tier II capital calculations, and that have less than five years to maturity, shall be 
included in Tier II capital calculations after being reduced by 20% each year.

--- Page 292 ---
273
 
 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity 
level in accordance with principles and procedures to be set out by the BRSB.  Within this framework, a 
comprehensive liquidity arrangement was put in place by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central Bank. 
The Regulation on the Calculation of Banks’ Liquidity Coverage Ratios, through which BRSA seeks to ensure 
that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into 
cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, both on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis, 
was published in the Official Gazette, dated 21 March 2014 and numbered 28948 (the “Regulation on Liquidity 
Coverage Ratios”) and entered into effect immediately with the provisions thereof becoming applicable as of 
1 January 2014 (with the exception of certain provisions relating to minimum coverage ratio levels, which 
entered into effect on 1 January 2015).  The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of 
the high quality asset stock to the net cash outflows, both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, 
cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated and non-consolidated liquidity and 80% in respect 
of total consolidated and non-consolidated foreign exchange liquidity; however, pursuant to the BRSA Decision 
on Liquidity Ratios, for the period between 5 January 2015 and 31 December 2015, such ratios were applied as 
60% and 40% respectively, and such ratios shall be (and have been) applied in increments of ten percentage 
points for each year from 1 January 2016 until 1 January 2019.  Unconsolidated total and foreign currency 
liquidity coverage ratios cannot be non-compliant more than six times within a calendar year, which includes 
noncompliance that have already been remedied.  On 26 March 2020, the BRSA announced that any non-
compliance by a bank with the minimum requirements for liquidity coverage ratios will not require such bank 
to report their remediation measures under the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios to the BRSA until 31 
December 2020. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Reserve Requirements No. 2013/15 and published in the Official Gazette dated 
25 December 2013 and No. 28862 (“Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements”) and as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the reserve requirements regarding foreign currency liabilities vary by category and tenor. 
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, published in the Official 
Gazette dated 2 November 2023 and No. 32357, the reserve requirements effective from 27 October 2023 and 
onwards for foreign currency liabilities are as set forth below: 
Category of Foreign Currency Liabilities
Required Reserve Ratio
Demand deposits, notice deposits, private current accounts and the 
deposit/participation accounts with up to (and including) 1-month
30%
Deposit/participation accounts up to 3-month, 6-month and 1-year maturities
26%
Deposit/participation accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities
20%
Precious metal deposit accounts with up to (and including) 1-month, 3-month, 
6-month and up to 1-year maturities
26%
Precious metal deposit accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities
22%
Borrowers’ deposit accounts
25%
Other liabilities up to 1-year maturity (including 1-year)
21%
Other liabilities up to 2-year maturity (including 2-year)
16%
Other liabilities up to 3-year maturity (including 3-year)
11%
Other liabilities up to 5-year maturity (including 5-year)
7%
Other liabilities longer than 5-year maturity
5%

--- Page 293 ---
274
 
 
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, published in the Official 
Gazette dated 22 November 2024 and No. 32730, the reserve requirements regarding Turkish Lira liabilities 
vary by category and tenor, as set forth below: 
Category of Turkish Lira Liabilities 
Required 
Reserve Ratio 
1) Deposit/participation accounts (excluding deposit/participation accounts held at foreign banks)
Demand deposits, notice deposits............................................................................................................................
17.0%
Up to 1 month maturity (including 1 month)...........................................................................................................
17.0%
Up to 3 months maturity (including 3 months)........................................................................................................
17.0%
Up to 6 months maturity (including 6 months)........................................................................................................
10.0%
Up to 1 year maturity ..............................................................................................................................................
10.0%
With maturities of 1 year and longer.......................................................................................................................
10.0%
Deposits with FX or price protection by the CBRT with up to 6 months maturity (including 6 months) ...............
33.0%
Deposits with FX or price protection by the CBRT with a maturity longer than 6 months.....................................
22.0%
2) Borrowers’ deposit accounts held at development and investment banks* .................................................
0%
3) Other liabilities (including deposit/participation accounts held at foreign banks)
Up to 1 year maturity (including 1 year) .................................................................................................................
8.0%
Up to 3 years maturity (including 3 years)..............................................................................................................
5.5%
Longer than 3 years maturity...................................................................................................................................
3.0%
Securities issued by development and investment banks with a maturity longer than 1 year..................................
0.0%
___________ 
* 
Due to laws applicable to development and investment banks, the amount deposited in such accounts cannot exceed the total 
outstanding loan amount extended by the relevant development and investment bank to such borrower. 
The reserve ratios listed in the table above are subject to continuous changes by the Central Bank, and the Bank 
maintains the required reserves in the amount determined by the Central Bank.  Starting in September 2010, 
reserve accounts kept in Turkish Lira became non-interest bearing (reserve accounts in foreign currencies have 
not been interest bearing since 2008).  Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, interest 
may accrue on the reserve accounts in accordance with rules and procedures determined by the Central Bank. 
On 19 August 2019, with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as a macro-
prudential tool to support financial stability, the CBRT decided to change the ratio of and the remuneration 
applied to required capital reserves.  Accordingly, the required reserve ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities and the 
remuneration rates for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves were linked to the annual growth rates of 
the banks’ Turkish Lira-denominated standardised cash loans and cash loans under close monitoring, excluding 
foreign currency-indexed loans and loans extended to banks.  For banks whose loan growth is between 10% and 
20% (reference values), the required reserve ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities in all maturity brackets excluding 
deposits and participation funds with 1-year or longer maturity (excluding deposits/participation funds obtained 
from banks abroad) and other liabilities with longer than 3-year maturity (including deposits/participation funds 
obtained from banks abroad), was to be set at 2%.  The reserve requirement ratios for other banks were left 
unchanged.  Additionally, the remuneration rate of 13% previously applied to Turkish Lira-denominated 
required reserves, was set at an increased rate of 15% for banks with a loan growth between the reference values 
and at 5% to others.  According to such arrangement, loan growth rates were to be calculated in each reserve 
requirement period and the banks whose loan growth was between the reference values were to be subject to 
the related reserve requirement ratios and remuneration rates in the next three-months (six reserve requirement 
periods).  On 27 November 2020, as part of its simplification policy, the CBRT decided to abolish the differing 
application to banks of required reserve ratios for liabilities and remuneration rates for required reserves held 
with the CBRT, based on their annual loan growth rates.  It further decided to set the remuneration rate 
applicable for all of the banks at 12% for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves and at 0% for FX-
denominated required reserves.  As of 15 April 2022, the CBRT reduced the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves to 0%.  Further, the CBRT charges the banks a commission on the required 
reserves held with the CBRT for the FX-denominated deposit accounts and participation funds (including the 
precious metal accounts) at a rate of 11.0% with effect from 8 December 2023 to which commission is not to 
be applied to certain banks in case the criteria determined by the CBRT are met.  Such rate varies from time to 
time.  On 27 October 2023, as part of the efforts of the CBRT to incentivise the Turkish Lira deposits’ share in 
the overall deposit base, the CBRT announced that certain measures on such commissions charged on the 
required reserves held with the CBRT for the FX-denominated deposit accounts and participation funds are to 
be taken.  In particular, based on the ratio of renewal of the banks’ FX-protected TL time deposits converted 
initially from FX-deposits (in the calculation of which renewal, such deposits renewed as standard TL time 
deposits, with a maturity of at least 32 days, are also taken into account), (a) if a bank fails to attain a ratio of

--- Page 294 ---
275
 
 
hundred per cent. (100%) renewal of its FX-protected TL time deposits converted initially from FX-deposits (in 
the calculation of which renewal, standard TL time deposits, with a maturity of at least 32 days, are also taken 
into account), the maturity of which fall within a given calculation period, such commissions will be charged 
by the CBRT at the level of six per cent. (6%) p.a. on the required reserves, which may go up to at most eight 
per cent. (8%) p.a., depending on the distance of the actual ratio to the targeted hundred per cent. (100%) renewal 
ratio, and (b) if a bank fails achieves or exceeds the ratio of hundred per cent. (100%) renewal of its FX-protected 
TL time deposits converted initially from FX-deposits (in the calculation of which renewal, standard TL time 
deposits, with a maturity of at least 32 days, are also taken into account), the maturity of which fall within a 
given calculation period, such commissions will be charged by the CBRT at levels varying based on the ratio 
of renewal as FX-protected TL time deposits (“Renewal Ratio 1”) and the ratio of renewal as standard TL time 
deposits, with a maturity of at least 32 days (“Renewal Ratio 2”) by charging on the aforementioned required 
reserves (i) a commission of zero point two per cent. (0.2%) p.a. for each five per cent. (5%) shortfall if the 
relevant bank’s Renewal Ratio 1 is lower than seventy-five per cent. (75%) (at most, three per cent. (3%) p.a. 
of commission for having a Renewal Ratio 1 lower than seventy-five per cent. (75%)), and (ii) a commission of 
zero point five per cent. (0.5%) p.a. for each one per cent. (1%) shortfall if the relevant bank’s Renewal Ratio 2 
is lower than ten per cent. (10%) (at most, five per cent. (5%) p.a. of commission for having a Renewal Ratio 2 
lower than ten per cent. (10%)).  On the FX-denominated deposits that the Turkish banks bring from abroad and 
hold with the CBRT in excess of the FX-denominated required reserves held with the CBRT, the CBRT pays a 
remuneration at a rate 4.5% per annum.  Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements, published in the Official Gazette dated 23 April 2022 and No. 31818, cash loans denominated in 
Turkish Lira, the principles of which are determined by the Central Bank, on the basis of the accounting 
standards and registration system which banks and financing companies are subject to, constitute assets subject 
to reserve requirements and the required reserve ratio was applied as 10% for the relevant assets (as calculated 
on the last Friday of every four-week period) for a maintenance period of four weeks.  However, with an 
amendment published on 20 August 2022 in the Official Gazette No. 31929, such required reserve ratio for the 
relevant assets was reduced to 0% for banks.  Instead, the reserve requirement maintenance being applied at a 
ratio of 20% was replaced by the requirement of maintenance of long-term Turkish Lira securities issued by the 
Turkish government (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Macroprudential Measures requiring 
Maintenance of Securities” in the Base Prospectus) at 30% over the amount of TL-denominated commercial 
cash loans (subject to certain exclusions as explained in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Macroprudential 
Measures requiring Maintenance of Securities”) for banks, which was also abolished by the CBRT on 27 
October 2023.  Nevertheless, on 2 November 2023, the CBRT abolished the required reserve ratio entirely for 
the relevant assets, which had been applied as 0% for the banks, and introduced with effect from 27 October 
2023, a new additional requirement on banks to hold reserves with the CBRT at a rate of 4% for their foreign 
currency deposits and participation accounts (excluding foreign banks’ deposits and participation accounts and 
precious metal deposit accounts held with such banks), which reserves are required to be held with the CBRT 
in cash in Turkish Lira-denominated blocked accounts.  Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements, published in the Official Gazette dated 30 January 2024 and No. 32445, with 
the amendments effective from 19 January 2024, such additional reserve requirements for foreign currency 
deposits and participation accounts (excluding foreign banks’ deposits and participation accounts and precious 
metal deposit accounts held with such banks) was increased from four per cent. (4%) to eight per cent. (8%).  
Subsequently, the Central Bank decreased the same additional reserve requirements to five percent (5%) with 
amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, published in the Official Gazette dated 21 
September 2024 and No. 32669, and a further decrease to four percent (4%) was made with amendments to the 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements published in the Official Gazette dated 22 November 2024 and 
No. 32730. To strengthen the monetary transmission mechanism, increase the share of Turkish lira deposits, 
and support the transition from FX-protected deposits to Turkish lira deposits, reserve requirements of eligible 
deposit banks maintained for their Turkish lira deposit and FX-protected deposit accounts with a maturity longer 
than one month will be subject to remuneration every three months.  On 5 February 2024, the Central Bank 
announced that eligible deposit banks are to receive interest quarterly on their reserve requirements maintained 
for Turkish Lira deposits and foreign currency-protected deposit accounts with a maturity longer than one 
month.  Starting from 20 January 2024, if a bank’s rate of FX-protected deposit accounts’ total renewal and 
conversion to Turkish Lira deposits is at least 90%, then the Central Bank pays up to 25% interest on such 
reserves for foreign exchange protected accounts.  Since that date, the Central Bank has implemented several 
updates to remuneration rates.  The Central Bank announced further on 25 April 2024 that (i) the upper limit of 
the interest rate applied to the required reserves, which are to be maintained with the Central Bank, in respect 
of FX-protected deposit accounts, is set at 60% of the Central Bank’s policy rate in accordance with the rate of

--- Page 295 ---
276
 
 
the relevant bank’s FX-protected deposit accounts’ total renewal and conversion to Turkish Lira deposits and 
(ii) the upper limit of the interest rate applied to the required reserves, which is to be maintained with the Central 
Bank, in respect of Turkish Lira deposit accounts, is set as 80% of the Central Bank’s policy rate in accordance 
with the relevant bank’s rate of conversion to Turkish Lira deposits.  On 23 May 2024, the Central Bank lowered 
the target rate of FX-protected deposit accounts’ total renewal and conversion to Turkish Lira to 75% and 
amended the interest rate applied on the reserves required to be held with the Central Bank for FX-protected 
deposit accounts to 40% of the policy rate, contingent upon achieving the total target.  On 29 August 2024, the 
Central Bank increased the upper limit from 80% to 84% of the policy interest rate for the required reserves, 
which is to be maintained with the Central Bank, in respect of Turkish Lira deposit accounts, in accordance with 
the relevant bank’s rate of conversion to Turkish Lira deposits.  With the same announcement on 29 August 
2024, the Central Bank also set out that (i) the monthly increase target for banks with a ratio of individual 
customers’ TL deposit between 45% and 50% has been raised to 0.8 percentage points, (ii) for banks whose rate 
of individual customers’ TL deposit ratio exceeds 60%, the monthly increase target was abolished and replaced 
with the requirement of the same TL deposit ratio staying above 60%, (iii) legal person customers’ FX-protected 
deposit accounts are also be taken into account for the calculation of a bank’s rate of FX-protected deposit 
accounts’ total renewal and conversion to Turkish Lira deposits and (iv) the ratio of the blocked portion of the 
Turkish Lira required reserves was increased by 5%.  On 21 September 2024, the Central Bank announced that 
it abolished the requirement of a rate of conversion to Turkish Lira deposits in the remuneration of required 
reserves that Turkish banks hold with the Central Bank in respect of their Turkish Lira deposits. On 22 
November 2024, the Central Bank also lowered the target rate of FX-protected deposit accounts’ total renewal 
and conversion to Turkish Lira to 70% and also announced that the practice of targeting a ratio for Turkish lira 
deposits of legal persons has been abolished. 
In addition, for banks with a loan growth rate of above 20% as of 31 May 2022 in terms of the principles and 
procedures set forth by the CBRT compared with 31 December 2021, 20% of the difference between their 
outstanding loan balances between 31 December 2021 and 31 March 2022 were subject to reserve requirements 
for the period between 10 June 2022 and 24 November 2022. 
On 2 September 2022, the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements established 
additional mandatory reserve requirements for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds for the banks 
depending on the conversion rate of their depositors’ foreign exchange deposits to Turkish Lira deposits.  
According to such requirements, the banks were required to calculate and report such conversion rate to the 
CBRT and the banks with a conversion rate (i.e., a rate of conversion of customer accounts from foreign 
currencies to Turkish Lira) below 10% or with a conversion rate from 10% to 20% were required to maintain 
additional mandatory reserves of 500 basis points or 300 basis points, respectively.  Effective as of 23 December 
2022, the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements published on 31 December 2022 
abolished such requirements to calculate and report such conversion rate to the CBRT and to maintain additional 
mandatory reserves. 
Furthermore, effective as of 28 April 2023, the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements 
established 
additional 
mandatory 
reserve 
requirements 
for 
foreign 
exchange 
deposits/participation funds depending on the relevant bank’s ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to such bank’s total 
deposits.  Pursuant to such amendments, such ratio was to be calculated separately for the deposits of individual 
depositors and the deposits of non-individual depositors and if any of those two ratios of a bank is less than 60% 
(which was then reduced to 57%, as effective from 7 July 2023, when the CBRT also specified that the higher 
of these two ratios calculated as at the relevant calculation date and as at the two calculation dates immediately 
prior to the relevant calculation date were to be taken into account), an additional mandatory reserve requirement 
of 500 basis points (five per cent. (5%)) was to apply in addition to the general mandatory reserve requirements 
for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds.  Effective as of 18 August 2023, this requirement was also 
abolished with the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements published on 20 August 
2023. 
The reserve requirements also apply to gold deposit accounts.  Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements issued by the Central Bank (including as amended on 9 November 2021 with 
effect from 28 October 2021 and as amended on 31 December 2022):  (a) banks were permitted to maintain up 
to a maximum of 10% of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars until 17 September 2021 and 
since then, they are no longer permitted to maintain their Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars; and 
(b) banks were permitted to maintain up to a maximum of 10% of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in

--- Page 296 ---
277
 
 
standard gold (at 1.6 times the reserve requirement) until 23 June 2023 but since then they are no longer be 
permitted to maintain their Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard gold; and (c) up to the entire amount 
of reserve requirements that should be maintained for precious metal deposit accounts may be maintained in the 
form of standard gold in blocked accounts.  In addition, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements banks are required to maintain their required reserves against their U.S. dollar denominated 
liabilities in U.S. dollars only; whereas, banks are allowed to maintain their required reserves against foreign 
currency denominated liabilities (other than U.S. dollars) in U.S. dollars or Euros.  Pursuant to the Communiqué 
on Reserve Requirements which entered into force as of 17 January 2014, banks were required to establish 
additional mandatory reserves if their financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals.  The CBRT abolished 
with effect from 21 June 2024 such requirement of additional mandatory reserves based on the financial leverage 
ratio falling within certain intervals, with its Communiqué No. 2024/15 amending the Communiqué on Reserve 
Requirements published in the Official Gazette dated 28 June 2024 and numbered 32586.On 15 August 2017, 
an amendment to the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios (numbered 30155) increasing the inclusion ratio 
of the mandatory reserves held at the Central Bank to 100% from 50% in the calculation of liquidity coverage 
ratios was published in the Official Gazette.  On 4 February 2022, an amendment to the Regulation on Liquidity 
Coverage Ratios reduced the inclusion ratio of the mandatory reserves held at the Central Bank in the calculation 
of the consolidated liquidity coverage ratio back to 50%. 
On 1 July 2021, the possibility to maintain the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in foreign currency was 
decreased by the CBRT from a maximum of 20% to a maximum of 10% and that that possibility was abolished 
by the CBRT as of the maintenance date of 1 October 2021.  Further, on 1 July 2021, the CBRT commenced to 
apply different interest/remuneration rates on the Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves of the banks based 
on their ratio of the amount of their FX deposits converted into Turkish Lira time deposits with a maturity of 1 
month or longer between 25 June 2021 and the relevant reserve requirement calculation date, to their foreign 
currency deposits as at 25 June 2021.  On 21 December 2021, the CBRT abolished such application of different 
interest/remuneration rates and replaced that with the application of an additional interest/remuneration to the 
reserves held with the CBRT in respect of Turkish Lira time deposits converted from foreign currency deposits 
after 21 December 2021 under the Turkish government’s FX-protected deposit scheme (see “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Foreign Exchange Legislation”) and those Turkish Lira time deposits were exempted from the 
application of reserve requirements insofar those remain as Turkish Lira time deposits for, at least, three (3) 
months.  The aforementioned application of additional interest/remuneration payment was abolished on 15 April 
2022 and as of 15 April 2022, the CBRT reduced the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required 
reserves to 0%. 
With the amendments to the Communiqué on Reserve Requirements which were published by the CBRT on 15 
January 2023, the mandatory reserve requirements for the increase compared to 6 January 2023 in certain 
foreign currency denominated liabilities of the banks obtained from abroad with a maturity longer than six 
months and which are to be specified by the CBRT will be applied as 0% until the calculation date 22 December 
2023 (inclusive).  These amendments took effect from the calculation date 20 January 2023 (the reserve 
requirements in respect of which were required to be satisfied commencing from 3 February 2023).  With the 
amendments to the Communiqué on Reserve Requirements, which were published by the CBRT on 2 November 
2023, the application deadline of such 0% mandatory reserve requirement was extended from 22 December 
2023 to 20 December 2024 (inclusive) and the application of such 0% requirement was widened to also cover 
the additional requirement on banks to hold reserves introduced by the CBRT on 27 October 2023. 
On 26 May 2023, the BRSA published the Regulation on the Net Stable Funding Ratio Calculations of Banks 
to align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements that seeks to strengthen the liquidity 
of banks.  Pursuant to this new regulation, starting as of 1 January 2024, the three-month arithmetic mean of a 
bank’s consolidated and non-consolidated net stable funding ratios (calculated on a monthly basis) shall not be 
less than 100%.  The BRSA shall also announce a minimum rate for the banks’ consolidated and non-
consolidated net stable funding ratios (as calculated monthly) and if either the consolidated or non-consolidated 
net stable funding ratio of a bank falls below such minimum requirement, then such bank must resolve this 
discrepancy by the next calculation period. 
On 7 March 2024, the CBRT introduced a new mandatory reserve requirement based on loan growth of banks.  
It required that, if the growth rate for the cash loans extended by a bank (the procedures and principles of which 
are determined by the CBRT) is above 2.00% (which was later revised downwards to 1.50% by the CBRT with 
an amending communiqué published in the Official Gazette dated 20 July 2024 and numbered 32607) from the

--- Page 297 ---
278
 
 
calculation date of 29 March 2024 until the calculation date of 3 January 2025 (inclusive) compared to the 
previous calculation date, such bank must set out and block Turkish lira denominated mandatory reserves for 
the amount of the loans exceeding this rate.  The CBRT may apply instead of the aforementioned growth rate a 
higher one for loan types determined by the CBRT.  Banks calculate such loan growth rates on Fridays every 
four weeks according to the calculation method the procedures and principles of which are determined by the 
CBRT.  The establishment of such mandatory reserves by such bank starts on the Friday two weeks following 
the calculation date and ends on the Thursday of the fifty-second week following the beginning of the 
establishment. 
On 9 May 2024, the CBRT further amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to exempt 
banks and financial institutions from these rules if they do not meet a threshold based upon the proportion of 
loans to the size of the balance sheet as determined from time to time by the CBRT. 
On 23 May 2024, the CBRT announced that if a bank’s monthly foreign currency loan growth exceeds 2%, it 
will be required to set aside a mandatory reserve equal to the Turkish Lira equivalent of the excess amount, with 
such excess to be blocked for one year.  According to the further regulations introduced by the CBRT, for the 
application of this rule, the following loans are not to be taken into account in the calculation of foreign currency 
loan growth:  (i) investment loans with a maturity of at least 2 years to fund expenditures based on an invoice 
(excluding those disbursed to fund real estate, financial asset, or passenger car purchases, but including, without 
limitation, advance credits with investment commitments extended in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant implementation instruction on the same matter of the Central Bank and investment credits extended 
within the scope of resources provided by international development finance institutions), (ii) loans extended to 
other domestic banks, and (iii) loans extended to institutions and organizations, state economic enterprises and 
their establishments, subsidiaries, and affiliates included in tables (I), (II), (III), and (IV) in the annex of Law 
No. 5018 on Public Finance Management and Control, local administrations, and organized industrial region 
entities.  On 20 July 2024, the Central Bank announced that (i) the aforementioned monthly growth limit of 2% 
for foreign currency loans is reduced to 1.5%, and (ii) it was decided to keep the monthly growth limit of 2% 
for Turkish Lira loans unchanged.  The Central Bank also published an amendment to the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements in the Official Gazette dated 20 July 2024 and numbered 32607, in line with 
its aforementioned announcement of 20 July 2024. 
Foreign Exchange Position Requirements 
The ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net position to its capital base should not exceed 5% (previously 20%, 
prior to 9 January 2023), such calculation being required on a weekly basis.  Since 9 January 2023, the BRSA 
may increase or reduce the 5% threshold by four times or one-fourth, respectively, with any reduction taking 
effect with one month’s notice. 
The net foreign exchange position is the difference between the Turkish Lira equivalent of a bank’s foreign 
exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities.  For the purpose of computing the net foreign exchange 
position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by a bank and its foreign 
branches, its foreign exchange indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange purchases; for 
purposes of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive foreign 
exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange indexed 
liabilities and its subscribed forward foreign exchange sales. 
From 9 January 2023, in the calculation of their ratio of foreign exchange net position to capital base, banks 
may take into account (i) general and special provisions that they set aside (for more details on such provisions, 
see “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Loan Loss Reserves”) and (ii) with respect to foreign exchange forward 
purchase and sale commitments, the delta equivalent of their currency options determined as the product of the 
nominal value of such options and their delta value, provided that, in such calculation, the purchase of call 
options and the sale of put options are treated as a forward foreign exchange purchase commitment whereas the 
sale of call options and the purchase of put options are treated as a forward foreign exchange sale commitment.  
Further, the BRSA also specified that, with effect from 9 January 2023, in the calculation of their ratio of foreign 
exchange net position to capital base, in respect of interest rate derivatives, the interests paid and collected are 
to be taken into account as derivative financial assets and liabilities in the relevant currency, whereas the 
exchanged principal is to be taken into account as forward foreign exchange purchase or sale commitment 
depending on the relevant currency of such principal.

--- Page 298 ---
279
 
 
If the ratio of a bank’s net foreign exchange position to its capital base exceeds 5% (previously 20%, prior to 9 
January 2023), then the bank is required to take steps to move back into compliance within two weeks following 
the bank’s calculation period.  Banks are permitted to exceed the legal net foreign exchange position to capital 
base ratio up to six times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, banks’ boards of directors shall establish audit committees for the 
execution of audit and monitoring functions.  Audit committees shall consist of a minimum of two members 
who must be non-executive members of the board of directors.  The duties and responsibilities of the audit 
committee include the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the banks’ internal control, risk 
management and internal audit systems, functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems 
within the framework of the Banking Law and other relevant legislation, and integrity of the information 
produced; conducting the necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the 
board of directors; regularly monitoring the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of 
directors; and, in the case of holding companies covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit 
functions of the institutions that are subject to consolidation and operate in a coordinated manner, on behalf of 
the board of directors.  Furthermore, banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and 
all of their consolidated affiliates) internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate 
with the scope and structure of their activities pursuant to the Internal Systems Regulation, as issued by the 
BRSA and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057. 
The BRSA, as the principal regulatory authority in the Turkish banking sector, has the right to monitor 
compliance by banks with the requirements relating to audit committees.  As part of exercising this right, the 
BRSA reviews audit reports prepared for banks by their independent auditing firms.  Banks are required to 
select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Regulation Regarding the Independent Audit of the 
Banks, published in the Official Gazette on 2 April 2015, numbered 29314 (as amended from time to time).  
Independent auditors are held liable for damages and losses to relevant parties referred to under the same 
legislation.  Professional liability insurance is required for (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating 
agencies and certain other support services (if requested by the service acquiring bank or required by the BRSA).  
Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate their financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with 
certain consolidation principles established by the BRSA.  The year-end consolidated financial statements are 
required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial statements are subject to only a limited review by 
independent audit firms.  With the Internal Systems Regulation, issued by the BRSA and published in the 
Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057, which was most recently amended on 4 March 2017, 
standards as to principles of internal audit and risk management systems were established in order to bring such 
regulations into compliance with Basel II requirements. 
The reports prepared by independent audit firms are also filed with the CMB if the bank’s shares are quoted on 
the Borsa İstanbul.  The CMB has the right to inspect the accounts and transaction records of any publicly traded 
company.  In addition, quarterly reports that are subject to limited review must also be filed with the CMB. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo an annual audit by certified bank auditors who have the authority 
to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA under the “Regulation on Procedures and Principles of Audit to be 
conducted by the BRSA”, published in the Official Gazette dated 22 July 2006 and numbered 26236 (“BRSA 
Annual Audits”).  BRSA Annual Audits by certified bank auditors encompass all aspects of a bank’s 
operations, its financial statements and other matters affecting the bank’s financial position, including its 
domestic banking activities, foreign exchange transactions and tax liabilities.  Additionally, such audits seek to 
ensure compliance with applicable laws and the constitutional documents of a bank.  Typically, as an outcome 
of the BRSA Annual Audit, the Group receives a report (the “BRSA Financial Health Report”) and has an 
opportunity to reply to the report before it is finalised, and, once the final report from the BRSA is finalised, 
makes any necessary changes required for compliance.  The Central Bank has the right to monitor compliance 
by banks with the Central Bank’s regulations through off site examinations. 
Savings Deposit Insurance Fund 
Article 111 of the Banking Law relates to the SDIF and its principles.  The SDIF is a public legal entity 
established to develop trust and stability in the banking sector by strengthening the financial structures of 
Turkish banks, restructuring Turkish banks as needed and insuring the savings deposits of Turkish banks.  The

--- Page 299 ---
280
 
 
SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, transfers to third parties and 
strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and control of which 
have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other duties 
imposed on it. 
Insurance of Deposits 
Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law, savings deposits held with banks are insured by the SDIF.  The 
scope and amount of savings deposits subject to the insurance, the tariff of the insurance premium, the time and 
method of collection of this premium, and other relevant matters are determined by the SDIF upon consultation 
with the Treasury, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
Borrowings of the SDIF 
The SDIF may borrow in extraordinary situations upon an authorisation from the Treasury by borrowing 
Government debt securities which are issued by the Treasury where it is deemed necessary.  Principles and 
procedures regarding the borrowing of Government debt securities, including their interest rates and terms and 
conditions of repayment to the Treasury, are to be determined together by the Treasury and the SDIF. 
Power to Require Advances from Banks 
If the assets of the SDIF do not meet the demands on it and the resources of the SDIF are insufficient, then 
banks may be required to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous 
year to be set off against their future premium obligations. 
Contribution of the Central Bank 
If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary circumstances, then the Central Bank will, on 
request, provide the SDIF with an advance.  The terms, amount, repayment conditions, interest rates and other 
conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon consultation with the SDIF. 
Savings Deposits that are not subject to Insurance 
Deposits held in a bank by controlling shareholders, the chairman and members of the board of directors or 
board of managers, general manager and assistant general managers, and by the parents, spouses and children 
of the above, shareholders holding shares (“Qualified Shareholders”) which (i) amount to directly or indirectly 
10% or more of the share capital of the bank or (ii) are less than such percentage but grant the privilege to 
appoint board members, legal entities controlled jointly or individually by the controlling shareholders, the 
Qualified Shareholders, the chairman or members of the board of directors or board of managers or general 
manager or assistant general managers, and deposits, participation funds and other accounts within the scope of 
criminally-related assets set forth in Article 282 of the Turkish Criminal Code and other deposits, participation 
funds and accounts as determined by the BRSA are not covered by the SDIF’s insurance. 
Premiums as an Expense Item 
Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense in the calculation of that bank’s corporate 
tax. 
Liquidation 
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, the SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the bank under the 
provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Act, exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office and 
creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy administration. 
Claims 
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a first-degree privileged claim in 
respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF. 
Since 1 January 2022, deposit accounts (Turkish Lira, foreign exchange currency accounts or other accounts 
linked to precious metals) opened by persons (other than official institutions, credit institutions or financial

--- Page 300 ---
281
 
 
institutions) in domestic branches are insured by the SDIF up to an amount of TL 200,000 per person, in each 
deposit bank. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette 
No. 26119 dated 25 March 2006, and as amended from time to time, are as follows: 
(a) 
becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which 
domestic and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding with 
the authorised bodies of foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s span of duty, 
(b) 
insuring the savings deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions, 
(c) 
determining the scope and amount of the savings deposits and participation accounts that are subject to 
insurance with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, and the risk-based 
insurance premia timetable, collection time and form and other related issues in cooperation with the 
BRSA, 
(d) 
paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts from its 
sources in the credit institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA, 
(e) 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose 
shareholder rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred to the 
SDIF by the BRSA, with the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from the capital, 
and 
(f) 
taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA and 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such banks. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may 
require the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position.  Pursuant to the 
Banking Law, in the event that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that: 
(a) 
the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements, 
(b) 
the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances 
in the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) 
the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) 
the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its financial 
structure, 
(e) 
the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) 
such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) 
imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) 
for domestic systemically important banks, the precautions under the precaution plan described below 
are not implemented promptly, such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is 
determined that such weakness cannot be cured even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank:  (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event 
described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) 
increase such bank’s equity capital,

--- Page 301 ---
282
 
 
(B) 
not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA and 
to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) 
increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) 
stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders, 
(E) 
dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) 
limit or stop such bank’s new investments, 
(G) 
limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) 
cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
(ii) 
in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to: 
(A) 
cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) 
cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or 
(C) 
causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA, 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) 
through (h) that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its 
financial structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA 
determines that taking such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank:  
(i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding 
paragraph, to: 
(A) 
strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy, 
(B) 
dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) 
decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) 
postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees, and/or 
(E) 
limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk 
groups or sectors, and 
(ii) 
in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, 
to: 
(A) 
convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the board 
of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member is 
responsible for a failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient 
operation of internal audit, internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these 
systems efficiently or there is a factor that impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board of 
directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated above, and/or 
(B) 
implement short, medium or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to decrease 
the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders with 
qualified shares must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) 
through (h) of the preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary.

--- Page 302 ---
283
 
 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the 
problem cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking 
such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) 
limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period, 
(b) 
apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to resource 
collection and utilisation, 
(c) 
remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain 
approval from the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) 
make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or 
participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the 
controlling shareholders, 
(e) 
limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) 
merge with one or more other interested bank(s), 
(g) 
provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital, 
(h) 
deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) 
take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary. 
In the event that:  (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within 
a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank 
cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will 
not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank 
would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability 
of the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the 
liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of 
such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or 
fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a 
loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its board members, 
may revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer the 
management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF 
for the purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger thereof; provided 
that any loss is deducted from the share capital of current shareholders. 
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the occurrence 
of any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial structures, banks 
that are classified by the BRSA as systemically important banks must create prevention plans and submit those 
to the BRSA.  In the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or probability of the 
occurrence of any such events) with respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such 
bank must implement the precautions indicated in their prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such 
circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation of such precautions. 
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose 
license is revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such bank’s 
licence is published in the Official Gazette.  From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the creditors of 
such bank may not assign their rights or take any action that could lead to assignment of their rights.  The SDIF 
must take measures for the protection of the rights of depositors and other creditors of such bank.  The SDIF is 
required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by itself or through another bank it may designate.  The 
SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of depositors against a bank whose banking 
licence is revoked.

--- Page 303 ---
284
 
 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures 
(which are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international 
standards) when preparing their annual and financial reports.  In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their 
accounting systems, correctly record all their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in a 
format that is clear, reliable and comparable as well as suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and 
records of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements 
have been misrepresented. 
When the BRSA requests a bank’s financial reports, the chairman of the board, the audit committee, the general 
manager, the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting and the relevant unit manager (or 
equivalent authorities) must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the financial 
reports comply with relevant legislation and accounting records.  In addition, foreign banks must have the 
members of the board of managers of their Turkish branches sign the annual reports. 
When the BRSA requests a bank’s annual reports, the general manager, a representative of the audit committee 
and the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting must sign the reports indicating their 
full names and titles and declare that the annual reports comply with relevant legislation and accounting records. 
Banks are required to submit their financial reports to related authorities and publish them in accordance with 
the BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
Further, banks are required to submit and publish annual reports that comply with the BRSA’s established 
guidelines.  These reports include the following information:  corporate profile, assessment by the chairman of 
the board and general manager, details on banking and subsidiaries activities, management and organisation 
structures, financial situation, corporate governance practices including human recourse implementations, 
assessment of risk management and policies and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s 
report. 
The Regulation on the Preparation and Publication of Annual Reports regulates the procedures and principles 
regarding the annual reports of banks to be published at the end of each fiscal year.  According to the Regulation, 
a bank’s financial performance and the risks that it faces need to be assessed in the annual report.  The annual 
report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be submitted to shareholders at least 15 days 
before the annual General Assembly of the bank.  Each bank must submit a copy of its annual report to the 
BRSA by the end of April and keep a copy of it in its headquarters and each branch and publish it on its website 
by the end of May. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
With the Communiqué on Financial Statements to be disclosed to the public published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012, new principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of the banks were 
promulgated.  The amendments to the calculation of risk weighted assets and their implication of capital 
adequacy ratios are reflected in the requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public and new 
standards of disclosure of operational, market, currency and credit risk are determined.  In addition, new 
principles are determined with respect to the disclosure of, inter alia, position risks relating from securitisation 
transactions or investments on quoted stocks. 
The BRSA published amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, to the Communiqué on 
Financial Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial 
statements of banks in accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of 
Banks and the Equity Regulation.  The amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to 
be disclosed to the public in line with the amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their 
implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage ratios and leverage ratios.  Rules relating to equity 
items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with the amendments to the Equity 
Regulation.  Furthermore, the changes require publication of a loan agreement of the bank or a prospectus

--- Page 304 ---
285
 
 
relating to a loan or debt instrument, which will be taken into account in the calculation of the capital of a (parent 
company) bank as an element for additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier I capital) and supplementary 
capital (i.e., Tier II capital), on the bank’s website.  Additionally, banks are required to make necessary 
disclosures on their websites immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of 
a share certificate or occurrence of any other material change. 
Further, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, 
which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into 
force on 31 March 2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee.  According to this 
regulation, each bank is required to announce information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated 
risk management related to risks arising from or in connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market 
and its operations in line with the standards and procedures specified in this regulation.  In this respect, banks 
are required to adopt a written policy in relation to its internal audit and internal control processes. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and 
principles relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates the 
measures that Turkish companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited 
partnerships, in which the capital is divided into shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt in 
case of loss of capital or insolvency.  This new communiqué aims to clarify and complement the remedial 
actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of 
capital or insolvency.  As companies in Türkiye prepare their financial statements in Turkish Lira, the value of 
any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira based upon the currency 
rate applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2023, the communiqué 
allows companies to disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign 
currency-denominated liability while making any capital loss or insolvency calculations.  As such, companies 
will not be required to apply any measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain 
their capital if the relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations. 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law 
No. 5951, banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual 
financial services fee for each of their branches.  The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the 
population of the district in which the relevant branch is located. 
Anti-Money Laundering Policies 
Türkiye is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force and has enacted laws and regulations to combat 
money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial crimes.  In Türkiye, all banks and their employees are 
obligated to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred 
to as money laundering set forth in Law no. 5549 on Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime (the “Law 
on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime”). 
Minimum standards and duties under the Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and related 
legislation in effect, namely, the “Regulations on Programme of Compliance with Obligations of Anti-Money 
Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism” the “Regulation on Measures Regarding Prevention of 
Laundering Proceeds of Crime and Financing of Terrorism”, and the “Regulation on Suspension of the 
Transactions Pursuant to the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime” include customer identification, 
record keeping, suspicious transactions reporting, employee training, monitoring activities, designation of a 
compliance officer, and suspension of the suspicious transactions related to prevention of laundering proceeds 
of crime. 
Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board. 
The Bank believes it is in full compliance with the Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and 
the related legislation.  These regulations include requirements to have written policies and procedures on 
anti-money laundering and “know your customer” principles such as, assigning a compliance officer, an audit 
and review function to test the robustness of anti-money laundering policies and procedures, monitoring 
customer activities and transactions and employee training.

--- Page 305 ---
286
 
 
New measures against the financing of terrorist activities in Türkiye were introduced with the entry into force 
of Law No. 6415 on Combating the Financing of Terrorism on 16 February 2013 (the “CFT Law”).  The CFT 
Law expands the scope of the offence of financing terrorism (as currently defined under Turkish anti-terrorism 
laws).  The CFT Law also presents new principles and mechanisms for identifying and freezing terrorist assets 
and facilitates the implementation of United Nations Security Council decisions, in particular, those relating to 
entities and/or individuals placed on sanction lists. 
The Group and the Bank publish their respective Corporate Policy on Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of 
Crime 
and 
Financing 
of 
Terrorism 
on 
the 
following 
website:  
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/corporate-governance/detail/The-Financial-Crimes-
Investigation-Board-MASAK/579/1810/0. 
Basel III 
In December 2009, the Basel Committee published a draft proposal of a new regulatory regime for capital and 
liquidity standards for banks (“Basel III”).  A comprehensive quantitative impact study was conducted by banks 
during the spring 2010 based on the Basel III draft proposal, and the Basel Committee issued a final 
comprehensive framework in December 2010.  On 1 February 2013, the BRSA published draft regulations for 
the implementation of Basel III in Türkiye.  The consultation period for these draft regulations ended on 1 March 
2013 and the BRSA made a public announcement on 1 July 2013 that Basel III requirements to be adopted with 
the regulations will be effective as of 1 January 2014.  On 5 September 2013, the regulation on equities of banks 
(i.e. the Equity Regulation) and the amendments to the regulation on capital adequacy requirements (i.e. the 
Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks, which regulation was later 
replaced by the Capital Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016) were published in the Official 
Gazette numbered 28756 both of which entered into effect on 1 January 2014.  In addition to these new 
regulations:  (a) regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer, which regulates the 
procedures and principles regarding the calculation of additional core capital amount, was published in the 
Official Gazette dated 5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulation on the Capital Maintenance 
and Cyclical Capital Buffer”), (b) the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of 
Banks, through which regulation the BRSA would seek to constrain leverage in the banking system and 
maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis against leverage risks (including 
measurement error in the risk based capital measurement approach), was published in the Official Gazette dated 
5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage 
Levels of Banks”) and (c) in order to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high 
quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, the 
BRSA has published the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios in the Official Gazette dated 21 March 2014 
and numbered 28948.  In the future, Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements may be further affected by 
the requirements of Basel III regarding regulatory capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and counterparty 
credit risk measurements.  On 6 August 2014, the BRSA announced that a number of draft regulations, including 
a guide for stress tests on liquidity and regulation on the calculation of internal capital adequacy, presented for 
public opinion as part of BRSA’s efforts of promulgating Basel III requirements by April 2014, had been 
finalised and announced in the Official Gazette.  On 6 September 2014 an amendment to the Equity Regulation, 
the draft of which was presented for public opinion in June 2014, was published in the Official Gazette and 
entered into force.  This amendment introduced certain novelties as to BRSA’s authority to write off Tier I and 
Tier II debt instruments.  In addition to this amendment, on 6 September 2014, an amendment to the Regulation 
on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks was published in the Official Gazette as well 
as other regulations as to calculation of capital adequacy as part of BRSA’s efforts to adopt Basel III 
requirements. 
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA issued certain amendments to regulatory capital regulations with a view to align 
the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements, which are all published in the Official Gazette 
numbered 29511 and which are all to enter into force on 31 March 2016.  Briefly these new regulations foresaw 
(i) certain amendments to the Equity Regulation, introducing certain clarifications to the eligibility requirements 
of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and also amending the regulatory treatment of certain capital items 
that are taken into account for the purposes of calculating regulatory capital of the banks; (ii) certain 
amendments to the Internal Systems Regulation imposing new regulatory requirements to enhance the 
effectiveness of the internal risk management and internal capital adequacy assessment including among others, 
introduction of new stress test requirements; and, (iii) the introduction of the Capital Adequacy Regulation to

--- Page 306 ---
287
 
 
replace the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks.  The BRSA also 
issued draft regulation to amend the existing equity regulation with the intention to revise the regulatory capital 
treatment of certain Additional Tier 1 Notes and Tier 2 Notes issued by Turkish banks issued before 1 January 
2014 based on their issuance dates, maturity and certain terms and conditions in accordance with Basel III 
requirements. 
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”) regulation (the 
“D-SIBs Regulation”) introducing a methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are systemically 
important in the domestic market.  The contemplated methodology requires the identification of the Turkish 
DSIBs under four different categories based on their 2014 year-end consolidated financial statements, and 
requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1 to 3 per cent. of additional core capital (ilave çekirdek 
sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets.  This additional core capital requirement entered into effect on 31 
March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below. 
Groups 
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
from 1 January 
2019 
4th group (empty)...............................................
0.75
1.5
2.25
3
3rd group............................................................
0.5
1
1.5
2
2nd group ...........................................................
0.375 
0.75 
1.125 
1.5 
1st group.............................................................
0.25 
0.5 
0.75 
1 
 
The Bank has been classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, and was classified into the second group for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The Basel III framework includes several key initiatives, which change the capital adequacy framework the 
Basel Committee previously published in 1999 (“Basel II”).  The key changes are, among others: 
 
The quality, consistency and transparency of the capital base are increased.  In the new framework, the 
regulatory deductions should mainly be applied to the common equity component of the capital base.  
Further, to be eligible as Tier I and Tier II capital, instruments will need to meet more stringent 
requirements. 
 
The risk coverage is further strengthened, which impacts the calculations of risk-weighted assets.  These 
changes concern increased capital requirement for trading book and re securitisation activities, and were 
implemented in December 2011 throughout Europe.  Further changes, to be implemented from 2013, 
are proposed under the Basel III framework for counterparty credit risk in OTC instruments and 
exposures to banks and other financial intermediaries.  In particular, a new capital requirement is 
proposed for risk of changes in the credit value adjustment (“CVA”). 
 
New minimum requirements and capital buffer requirements are increased.  The Basel Committee has 
defined increased minimum thresholds that banks should at all times exceed, that is, minimum 4.5% 
common equity Tier I ratio, 6% Tier I ratio and 8% capital ratio.  In addition, the Basel III framework 
introduces a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% on top of these minimum thresholds.  If banks do not 
meet this buffer, constraints will be imposed on the bank’s capital distribution, such as dividends.  Also, 
in periods of excess growth, banks will be required to hold an additional countercyclical buffer of up to 
2.5% in order not to face restrictions. 
As the quality of the capital base is already high with common equity constituting the majority of the capital 
base, the Bank expects that the impact of the Basel III framework on its capital base will be limited and believes 
that it is already in compliance with the capital requirements set forth within the Basel III framework. 
The Basel Committee has also proposed that the risk sensitive capital framework should be supplemented with 
a non-risk based measure, the leverage ratio.  The leverage ratio will be calculated as the Tier I capital divided 
by the exposure (on and off-balance sheet exposures, with certain adjustments for selected items such as 
derivatives).  A minimum leverage ratio of 3% will be evaluated during a parallel run period.  Another new key 
component of the Basel III framework is the introduction of increased regulations for liquidity risks.  The 
objective of the liquidity reform is to improve the banking sector’s ability to absorb shocks arising from financial 
and economic stress, whatever the source, thus reducing the risk of spillover from the financial sector to the real

--- Page 307 ---
288
 
 
economy.  The Basel Committee has developed two new quantitative liquidity standards as part of the Basel III 
framework, which are the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and the NSFR.  The LCR aims to ensure that a bank 
maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality assets that can be converted into cash to meet its 
liquidity needs for a 30-day time horizon under an acute liquidity stress scenario.  The NSFR, on the other hand, 
establishes a minimum acceptable amount of stable funding, based on the liquidity characteristics of an 
institution’s assets and activities over a one-year horizon.  These standards aim to set the minimum levels of 
liquidity for internationally active banks. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
LCR is a metric measuring the adequacy of unencumbered free liquid assets (“High quality liquid assets”) to 
meet expected net cash flows over the next 30 days.  LCR is an important Basel regulation metric that measures 
short-term liquidity and is closely monitored in the Group. 
High quality liquid assets included in the LCR calculation consist of cash, effective money, CBRT accounts and 
reserves and debt instruments issued by the Treasury of the Republic of Türkiye which are treated as high quality 
liquid assets. 
Cash outflows from derivative transactions in the LCR calculation are based on inclusion of net cash flows with 
maturity of 30 days in the calculation.  Additionally, transactions having a margin possibility are included in 
LCR calculation by taking the largest amount according to absolute value of net margin flows realised in the 
last 24 months in respect of 30 days period or for liability into consideration as cash outflow. 
Secured funding consists of repo and secured loan transactions.  A large part of securities which are subject of 
guaranteed funding transactions consist of Sovereign Bonds issued by the Treasury of the Republic of Türkiye 
and transactions are carried out both in the CBRT market and interbank market. 
All cash inflow and outflow items related to liquidity profile of the Bank are included in liquidity coverage ratio 
tables below.  The Group’s LCR based on the simple average of the last three months LCR for 30 September 
2024 was 127.49%.  The table below shows the calculation of LCR for the periods indicated: 
30 September 2024(1) 
31 December 2023(1) 
Unweighted Amounts 
Weighted Amounts 
Unweighted Amounts 
Weighted Amounts 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
High Quality Liquid Assets
High Quality Liquid Assets.....................
 
459,532,3
60   
 
207,833,6
31   
444,921
,023   
195,493,
470   
Cash Outflows........................................
Retail and Small Business Customers 
Deposits...............................................
 
859,825,1
17   
 
315,480,
063   
 
75,788,73
1   
 
31,067,95
1   
 
686,593
,230  
 
270,729,74
8   
 
61,980,
490   
 
26,692,7
77   
Stable deposits.........................................
 
203,875,6
16   
 
9,601,08
6   
 
10,193,78
1   
480,054   
 
133,576
,647   
7,603,956   
 
6,678,8
32   
380,198   
Less stable deposits .................................
 
655,949,5
01   
 
305,878,
977   
 
65,594,95
0   
 
30,587,89
7   
 
553,016
,583   
 
263,125,79
2   
 
55,301,
658   
 
26,312,5
79   
Unsecured Funding other than Retail and 
Small Business Customers Deposits ....
 
482,490,7
87   
 
165,369,
575   
 
289,875,0
09   
 
89,022,55
9   
 
374,217
,199   
 
152,245,22
9   
 
236,940
,845   
 
86,224,2
37   
Operational deposits................................
-     
-     
-     
-     
-     
-     
-    
-    
Non-Operational deposits........................
 
342,670,2
15   
 
133,543,
741   
 
172,098,3
24   
 
57,565,70
4   
 
250,017
,022   
 
119,023,96
8   
 
126,644
,444   
 
53,002,9
76   
Other Unsecured funding.........................
 
139,820,5
72   
 
31,825,8
34   
 
117,776,6
85   
 
31,456,85
5   
 
124,200
,177   
 
33,221,261   
 
110,296
,401   
 
33,221,2
61   
Secured funding.......................................
1,360,713   
-
1,985   
-
Other Cash Outflows...............................
3,095,257   
 
3,095,25
7   
3,095,257   
3,095,257   
 
3,642,1
70   
3,642,170   
 
3,642,1
70   
 
3,642,17
0   
Liquidity needs related to derivatives and 
market valuation changes on derivatives 
transactions..........................................
3,095,257   
 
3,095,25
7   
3,095,257   
3,095,257   
 
3,642,1
70   
3,642,170   
 
3,642,1
70   
 
3,642,17
0   
Debts related to the structured financial 
products ...............................................
-     
-     
-     
-     
-
-
-
-

--- Page 308 ---
289
 
 
Commitment related to debts to financial 
markets and other off balance sheet 
liabilities ..............................................
-     
-     
-     
-     
-
-
-
-
Commitments that are unconditionally 
revocable at any time by the Bank and 
other contractual commitments............
 
511,861,5
89   
 
251,618,
025   
 
25,593,07
9   
 
12,580,90
1   
 
384,517
,221   
 
193,393,67
7   
 
19,225,
861   
 
9,669,68
4   
Other 
irrevocable 
or 
conditionally 
revocable commitments .......................
1,359,916,
075
 
84,452,7
49   
 
96,509,45
9   
 
18,796,35
8   
 
690,700
,951   
 
68,704,451   
 
55,860,
731   
 
16,398,9
13   
Total Cash Outflows..............................
 
492,222,2
48   
 
154,563,0
26   
377,652
,082   
142,627,
781   
Cash Inflows...........................................
Secured Lending Transactions.................
-     
-     
-     
-     
-     
-     
-    
-    
Unsecured Lending Transactions.............
 
201,338,6
45   
 
58,971,2
31   
 
131,215,1
35   
 
50,887,37
6   
 
144,645
,440   
 
48,862,239   
 
99,304,
404   
 
41,853,4
57   
Other Contractual Cash Inflows ..............
557,070   
 
41,280,6
28   
557,070   
 
41,280,62
8   
 
946,200   
 
62,083,519   
 
946,200   
 
62,083,5
19   
Total Cash Inflows.................................
 
201,895,7
15   
 
100,251,
859   
 
131,772,2
05   
 
92,168,00
4   
 
145,591
,640   
 
110,945,75
8   
 
100,250
,604   
 
103,936,
976   
Capped Amounts...................................
Total High Quality Liquid Assets.........
 
459,532,3
60   
 
207,833,6
31   
444,921
,023   
195,493,
470   
Total Net Cash Outflows.......................
 
 
 
360,450,0
43   
 
62,395,02
2   
 
 
277,401
,478   
38,690,8
05   
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%)..............
 
 
127.49 
333.09 
 
 
160.39 
   
505.27 
______________ 
(1) 
Figures are calculated based on the simple average between figures for the last three months. 
Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields 
The table below shows the calculation of Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields as of 30 September 2024 and 
30 September 2023: 
 
30 September 
2024 
30 September 
2023 
(TL thousands, except %)
Daily Annualisation............................................................................................................. 
1.34 
1.34 
Interest income on Performing Loans............................................................................... 
206,479,310 
79,936,913 
TL .........................................................................................................................................
187,089,192
66,330,280
Total Performing Loans...................................................................................................... 
1,169,956,480 
761,041,370 
TL .........................................................................................................................................
814,775,322
545,879,657
Average Performing Loans(1) ............................................................................................. 
1,051,373,654  
667,335,754 
TL .........................................................................................................................................
758,674,541
474,046,507
Performing Loan Yield .........................................................................................................
26.2%
16.0%
TL Performing Loan Yield....................................................................................................
32.9%
18.7%
Interest cost on Deposits ..................................................................................................... 
190,091,333 
75,643,875 
TL .........................................................................................................................................
188,798,431
74,773,359
Deposits................................................................................................................................ 
1,266,971,010 
946,656,589 
TL .........................................................................................................................................
809,153,788
578,149,074
Average Deposits(1).............................................................................................................. 
1,175,240,504 
819,358,597 
TL .........................................................................................................................................
738,989,750
499,939,780
Cost of Deposit......................................................................................................................
21.6%
10.5%
Cost of Deposit (TL).............................................................................................................
34.1%
16.9%
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads.......................................................................................
4.6% 
5.5% 
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads (TL) ..............................................................................
-1.2% 
1.8% 
______________ 
(1) 
Average figures are calculated as the average between the figures for the beginning and end of the period. 
Personal Data Protection 
The Law on Protection of Personal Data (the “Law No. 6698”) was accepted on 24 March 2016 and published 
in the Official Gazette dated 7 April 2016 and numbered 29677.  A majority of the provisions of Law No. 6698 
became effective from 7 April 2016.

--- Page 309 ---
290
 
 
Under Law No. 6698, the main requirement to collect and process personal data is to obtain explicit consent of 
the person whose data will be collected and processed (“Data Subject”).  However, personal data can also be 
collected and processed without the Data Subject’s consent in any of the conditions stated below: 
 
if collection and processing is permitted by any specific law provision, 
 
if the Data Subject is under a circumstance that prevents him/her from providing consent (due to an 
actual impossibility or lack of legal capacity) and processing is necessary for protection of the Data 
Subject’s or third parties’ life or physical integrity, 
 
if processing is necessary for the formation or performance of a contract to which the Data Subject is a 
party, 
 
if processing is mandatory for a data controller to perform his/her legal duties, 
 
if personal data has been made available to the public by the Data Subject himself/herself, 
 
if processing is mandatory for assigning, using or protecting a right, 
 
if processing is necessary for purposes within the scope of work and services provided by the data 
controller, which are considered by Turkish Law its “legitimate interest,” provided that the fundamental 
rights and freedoms of the Data Subject are protected. 
Any personal data that is related to a Data Subject’s race, ethnicity, political views, philosophical beliefs, 
religion, sect or other beliefs, appearance and way of dressing, association, foundation or union memberships, 
information related to health, sex life, past criminal convictions and biometric data are considered sensitive 
personal data.  With the latest amendment introduced by Law No. 7499 on the Amendments to the Code of 
Criminal Procedure and Certain Laws (the “Law No. 7499”) published in the Official Gazette dated 12 March 
2024 and numbered 32487, sensitive personal data can only be processed in the existence of one of the following 
circumstances: 
 
explicit consent of the Data Subject, 
 
explicitly provided by law; 
 
when it is necessary to protect the life or physical integrity of a person who is physically or legally 
incapable of giving consent; 
 
when it concerns personal data made public by the Data Subject in line with their intent; 
 
when it is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defence of a right; 
 
when required by individuals or authorized institutions under confidentiality obligations for the 
protection of public health, preventive medicine, medical diagnosis, treatment and care services, or the 
planning, management, and financing of health services; 
 
when it is essential for fulfilling legal obligations in employment, occupational health and safety, social 
security, social services, and social assistance; and 
 
when non-profit organizations, such as foundations, associations, or other entities established for 
political, philosophical, religious, or trade-union purposes, process data in accordance with their 
statutes and purposes, limited to their field of activity, and without disclosing to third parties, concerning 
their current or former members or persons who are in regular contact with these organizations.  
According to Law No. 6698, personal data may only be transferred to third parties with the Data Subject’s 
explicit consent.  In the absence of such consent, personal data may still be transferred to third parties if the 
conditions mentioned above for the processing of personal and sensitive data are met. 
With the Law No. 7499, effective from 1 September 2024, personal data can be transferred to third countries 
under the following conditions:

--- Page 310 ---
291
 
 
 
existence of the one of the conditions provided under Articles 5 and 6 of the Data Protection Law; and 
 
existence of an adequacy decision issued by the Data Protection Board that the third country, sector or 
international organizations within the country to which the personal date will be transferred provides 
adequate protection.  
In the absence of the adequate protection decision, personal data can be transferred to third countries under the 
following conditions:  
 
the transfer is in accordance with the exceptions outlined in Articles 5 and 6 of the Law No. 6698; and 
 
the Data Subject is afforded the opportunity to exercise their rights and access effective legal remedies 
in the destination country, and 
 
one of the following conditions should be met: 
 
existence of an agreement between public institutions and organizations abroad and those in 
Turkey and authorization from the Data Protection Board, 
 
existence of binding corporate rules are in place, which include provisions for the protection of 
personal data that companies within a group engaged in joint economic activities must adhere 
to, and which have received Data Protection Board’s approval; 
 
existence of standard contractual clauses, detailing the specifics of the transfer and the 
protective measures; 
 
existence of a written commitment to adequate protection and the authorization of the Data 
Protection Board. 
In addition, the Banking Law provides a stricter protection regime applicable to banks in respect of customer 
secrets, defined under the Banking Law as “information collected related to an individual or entity’s banking 
related activities after the customer relationship is established”.  Accordingly, if any personal data also falls 
within the scope of such definition, a specific instruction (in addition to the explicit consent requirement set out 
under the Law No. 6698) from the relevant client will be necessary for the bank to be able to share the customer 
secret with any third party.  The Banking Law also grants vast authorities to the BRSA such as the power to 
prevent information sharing by banks with offshore entities at its own discretion in respect of specific data 
categories to be determined by the BRSA.  Accordingly, the Regulation on Disclosure of Client Information 
(the “Client Information Regulation”) was published by BRSA and entered into force on 1 July 2022.  With 
the Client Information Regulation, BRSA clarified the confidentiality obligation, the applicable exceptions, and 
the concept of client secret; and set forth the procedures and general principles of sharing and transferring of 
information deemed secret under Article 73 of the Banking Law, including the sharing of information while 
benefitting from exceptions.  On 11 August 2022, the BRSA further published the Circular on the Disclosure of 
Client Information No. 2022/1 to further clarify the Client Information Regulation and to determine the 
procedures for the application processes stipulated in the Client Information Regulation. 
Banks’ Information Systems 
The BRSA enacted the Regulation on Banks’ Information Systems and Electronic Banking Services (the “IT 
Systems Regulation”), which entered into force on 1 January 2021. 
In accordance with the IT Systems Regulation, a bank’s board of directors is liable for conducting effective 
supervision to manage any risks related to information systems.  The IT Systems Regulation sets out that the 
board of directors must approve and establish a strategic plan, a strategy committee and a guidance committee 
related to information systems. 
The IT Systems Regulation also sets forth the standards regarding the following points to control information 
systems: 
(a) 
establishment of authentication mechanisms; 
(b) 
establishment of a track record mechanism for transactions related to information systems;

--- Page 311 ---
292
 
 
(c) 
establishment of network security control systems; 
(d) 
security configuration management; 
(e) 
security vulnerability management; 
(f) 
cyber-attack management and cyber information sharing; and 
(g) 
creation of an information security awareness training programme. 
Banks’ Primary and Secondary Systems:  The IT Systems Regulation clarifies the scope of primary and 
secondary systems, while requiring banks to keep these systems in Türkiye.  In this regard, except for banking 
transactions such as payments, and messaging systems that require interaction abroad by nature, the Regulation 
requires banks to carry out their banking transactions without an approval procedure through a system abroad, 
and to continue providing banking services in Türkiye through their primary and secondary systems, even in 
the event of any disconnection with the networks abroad. 
Continuity of Information Systems:  As per the IT Systems Regulation, banks are required to set up back-up or 
hibernation schemes for critical hardware and systems, as well as to create appropriate alternative 
communication channels should any interruptions to the network and communication infrastructure occur.  
Banks are obliged to keep records regarding the frequency, the method, and the location of back-ups.  Further, 
banks are required to procure the data requested by (i) the judicial authorities conducting an investigation or 
prosecution; or (ii) the BRSA, and to retain the original copies of the data and back up the data. 
Electronic Banking Services:  Pursuant to the IT Systems Regulation, banks must apply an authentication 
mechanism consisting of at least two independent components, and take measures to ensure the confidentiality 
of the authentication data.  Further, banks are required to establish tracking mechanisms to detect and prevent 
unusual or fraudulent transactions under the scope of electronic banking services.  Clients using the electronic 
banking services provided by banks will be explicitly informed of the terms, risks and exceptional circumstances 
regarding such services.  The IT Systems Regulation provides for authentication and transaction security 
provisions related to online banking, mobile banking, telephone banking, open banking services and ATM 
banking. 
Digital Banking 
In August 2021, the BRSA published the Regulation on Operation Principles of Digital Banks and Banking as 
a Service (“Digital Banking Regulation”), which has become effective on 1 January 2022 and established 
regulatory principles for digital-only banks and banking as a service business.  The Digital Banking Regulation 
enables licensed banks to provide services through digital channels without any physical branches, and set forth 
the operational principles for branchless banks as well as principles for service model banking. 
Sustainable Banking Strategy Plan 
The BRSA adopted the “Sustainable Banking Strategy Plan” prepared to determine a road map for the 
development of sustainable banking within the “Green Reconciliation Action Plan”, which was announced by 
the Presidential Circular No. 2021/15 dated 24 December 2021.  The objective of this development is for the 
banking sector to take into account environmental, social and governance branches included in the global 
investment strategies. 
Green or Sustainable Debt Instruments 
On 24 February 2022, the CMB published its Gudie on Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt Instruments, 
Green Lease Certificates, Sustainable Lease Certificates (the “CMB Guide on Green or Sustainable Debt 
Instruments” or “CMB Guide”), which regulates the principles regarding green debt instruments, sustainable 
debt instruments, green lease certificates and sustainable lease certificates and their issuance in line with the 
Green Bond Principles of the International Capital Markets Association. 
According to the CMB Guide, (a) green debt instruments is defined as any listed or non-listed debt instruments, 
in compliance with the main components of the CMB Guide, whose proceeds will be used exclusively in 
financing or refinancing, partly or wholly, eligible green projects (the “Green Notes”), and (b) sustainable debt 
instruments is defined as any listed or non-listed debt instruments, whose proceeds will be used exclusively in

--- Page 312 ---
293
 
 
financing or refinancing, partly or wholly, projects with environmental and social positive impacts (the 
“Sustainable Notes”).  The CMB Guide sets forth that the same principles will apply to both of these debt 
instruments and a separate issuance ceiling must be obtained from the CMB for domestic and foreign issuances 
to be made within the scope of the CMB Guide. 
The objective of this development is for the banking sector to make Turkish issuances compliant with global 
standards by introducing green and sustainable debt instrument concepts. 
On 6 September 2024, the CMB further published the Draft Guidelines on Green, Sustainable, and Social 
Capital Markets Instruments (Draft Green Guideline) for public consultation. The consultation period ended 
on 16 September 2024; however, it has yet to enter into force. Draft Green Guideline is based on the 
International Capital Markets Association's Green Bond Principles, Sustainable Bond Guidelines, and Social 
Bond Principles and covers both domestic and international issuances of green, sustainable, and social capital 
markets instruments, regulates green and social projects, the framework document for green, sustainable, and 
social capital markets instruments, as well as reporting and external review requirements. Once published, the 
Draft Green Guideline will replace the CMB Guide, however, new rules will not be applicable to the issuances 
approved by the CMB prior to its publication. 
Foreign Exchange Legislation 
Decree 32 was amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce new restrictions on Turkish corporates 
utilising foreign currency loans from Türkiye and outside of Türkiye.  While the new regime continues to 
maintain the existing prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign exchange loans and foreign exchange 
indexed loans, it further introduces a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank legal entities (“Corporate 
Borrower”) utilising foreign currency indexed loans and also brings in new restrictions on Corporate Borrowers 
utilising foreign currency loans (“FX Loan Restriction”). 
Accordingly, a Corporate Borrower shall only be permitted to utilise foreign currency loans if (i) it generates 
foreign currency-denominated revenue (which is defined as “the revenue derived from export, transit trade, 
sales and deliveries considered as export and foreign currency generating activities” in the new legislation) (the 
“FX Revenue Exemption”); (ii) the purpose of the loan is to finance an activity that is exempt from the FX 
Loan Restriction (the “Activity Exemption”); or (iii) if as of 2 May 2018, the unpaid outstanding balance of its 
total foreign currency loans and/or foreign currency indexed loans (“Loan Balance”) is more than U.S.$15 
million. 
As far as the FX Revenue Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below 
U.S.$15 million, the sum of the foreign currency loan to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be 
more than the combined value of its foreign currency revenues as stated in its financial statements for the last 
three years.  The Turkish-resident financial institutions are obliged to control whether such Corporate Borrower 
complies with this rule.  If not, the Turkish-resident financial institutions are obliged to either cancel or convert 
into Turkish Lira, the portion of the foreign currency loan that exceeds this value. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Türkiye in order to utilise foreign currency loans.  In the case of 
Corporate Borrowers, the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity in the context of, among others, (i) a 
domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower; (ii) defence industry 
projects approved by the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry; (iii) public private partnership projects; or (iv) 
an export, transit trade, sales and related deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the 
scope of its relevant activity and its potential sources of foreign currency revenues (muhtemel döviz geliri).  
Note that in order for a Corporate Borrower to benefit from the Activity Exemption summarised in item (iv), it 
must not have any foreign currency revenue within the last three financial years (which otherwise, would be 
subject to the FX Revenue Exemption) and the maximum amount of foreign currency loan such Corporate 
Borrower can utilise is limited to the amount stated in its certified sources of foreign revenue.  The Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance is entitled to extend the scope of the Activity Exemption, and has exercised such authority 
and included, among others, privatisation tenders, public tenders awarded with an FX consideration and 
unlicensed electricity generation projects within this scope.

--- Page 313 ---
294
 
 
Turkish Government’s FX-Protected Deposit Scheme 
Since 2021, the CBRT has established schemes to support the Turkish Lira by incentivising conversion of 
foreign currency deposits into Turkish Lira deposits, and the preference of Turkish Lira deposits over foreign 
currency. 
In December 2021, the CBRT established an FX-protected deposit scheme that provides incentives for holders 
of deposit and participation fund accounts to convert their FX deposit accounts and participation funds into TL 
time deposit accounts.  The CBRT expanded the scheme to also provide incentives to convert gold deposit 
accounts and participation funds into TL time deposit accounts. 
The Communiqué on Support for the Conversion of FX Deposits to Turkish Lira Deposit and Participation 
Accounts was published in the Official Gazette dated 21 December 2021 and numbered 31696.  It provided FX-
protected accounts to which additional payments would be made, in addition to interest or profit share income, 
to compensate for losses related to Turkish Lira exchange rate fluctuations.  Such accounts could be opened by 
Turkish residents, whether legal persons or real persons, by converting USD, EUR or GBP and depositing them 
into the TL-denominated time account.  The scheme was initially made available for conversion of such foreign 
currency balances with Turkish Banks as of 31 December 2021 through 31 March 2022 but has since been 
extended multiples times.  It was further extended on 2 September 2024, permitting Turkish resident real persons 
and Turkish resident legal persons to benefit from the scheme for such balances as of 31 August 2024. On 30 
March 2023, the CBRT published another communiqué expanding the FX-protected deposits scheme such that 
Turkish-resident legal persons could convert and deposit such foreign currency balances as of any time if they 
have liabilities in respect of import payments or foreign currency denominated loan repayments, provided that 
the relevant legal person gives an undertaking to not purchase any foreign currency until the maturity of the 
relevant FX-protected TL time deposit. 
Similarly, the Communiqué on Support for the Conversion of Gold Accounts to Turkish Lira Deposit and 
Participation Accounts was published in the Official Gazette dated 29 December 2021 and numbered 31704.  It 
provided similar FX-protected accounts which would convert gold balances and deposit such amounts into the 
TL-denominated time account.  Such scheme for gold balances was initially made available for conversion of 
such gold balances of Turkish resident legal persons as of 31 December 2021 and of Turkish resident real 
persons on any date but has since been amended multiples times.  It was set out on 2 September 2024 that 
Turkish resident real persons may benefit from the scheme for gold balances held with Turkish banks as of 31 
August 2024 whereas Turkish resident legal persons may benefit from the scheme for such gold balances held 
with Turkish banks as of 31 December 2021. 
Furthermore, the CBRT announced on 31 December 2021 that exporters are required to sell 25% of their export 
revenues that are linked to foreign exchange purchase certificates (Döviz Alım Belgesi) and export value 
acceptance certificates (İhracat Bedeli Kabul Belgesi) and denominated in USD, EUR and GBP to the CBRT.  
Export revenues in other foreign currencies which were linked to foreign exchange purchase certificates and 
export value acceptance certificates are excluded from the scope of the selling requirement.  Accordingly, such 
revenues must be transferred to the bank that issued a currency purchase certificate or export value acceptance 
certificate.  This requirement was further amended on 18 April 2022 and set at 40%.  Following the amendments, 
the currencies to be sold by the banks to the CBRT shall be USD, EUR or GBP, and in transactions made in 
other foreign currencies, the said foreign currency amounts will be converted into USD, EUR or GBP by the 
bank and sold to the CBRT.  On 7 June 2024, the CBRT reduced the aforementioned rate of 40% to 30%. 
Moreover, companies with an FX deposit account that wish to use rediscount credits from the CBRT need to 
convert between 10% and 20% of their FX deposits to TL deposit accounts.  The condition will not be applied 
to net exporters (where exports are 10% higher than imports). 
On 26 January 2023, the CBRT announced a new scheme to incentivise the conversion into Turkish Lira of the 
foreign currency revenues of exporters with the introduction of the Communiqué No. 2023/5 on Incentivisation 
of the Conversion of the Companies’ Foreign Exchange to Turkish Lira published in the Official Gazette 
numbered 32085 and dated 26 January 2023 (“Communiqué No. 2023/5”).  The Communiqué No. 2023/5 
regulates the procedures and principles regarding the CBRT support to be provided to companies in case that 
their foreign currencies are sold to the CBRT and converted into Turkish Lira time deposit and participation 
accounts.  If a Turkish company sold its foreign currency sourced from abroad to the Central Bank through a 
Turkish bank, the CBRT was to pay through such bank a foreign currency conversion support to such company

--- Page 314 ---
295
 
 
in an amount equal to two per cent. (2%) of the amount converted into Turkish Lira, provided that such company 
has undertaken not to purchase foreign currency for the period to be determined by the CBRT.  Further, after 
such company sold at least forty per cent. (40%) of its foreign currency brought into Türkiye from abroad to the 
CBRT, if (a) the remaining portion of such foreign currency brought into Türkiye was converted into Turkish 
Lira time deposits and participation accounts at the conversion rate, and (b) such company undertook not to 
purchase foreign currency more than the amount sold to the CBRT during the period to be determined by the 
CBRT; a foreign currency conversion support of two per cent. (2%) of the amount converted into Turkish Lira 
at the conversion rate was to be provided to such company.  However, with the introduction by the CBRT of 
the Communiqué No. 2024/14 on the Amending the Communiqué No. 2023/5 (the “Communiqué No. 
2024/14”), such foreign currency conversion support was abolished for the conversion of the portion of such 
foreign currency brought into Türkiye into Turkish Lira time deposits and participation accounts after selling at 
least forty per cent. (40%) of its foreign currency brought into Türkiye from abroad to the CBRT.21 
The Communiqué No. 2024/14 retained the CBRT’s support for sale of companies’ foreign currency revenues 
sourced from abroad to the CBRT through a Turkish bank (in an amount equal to two per cent. (2%) of the 
amount converted into Turkish Lira) subject to an undertaking not to purchase foreign currency for the period 
to be determined by the CBRT.  However, the Communiqué No. 2024/14 determined that such foreign currency 
revenues to benefit from the support are not all revenues and the scope of those revenues are to be determined 
by the CBRT. 
FX Transaction Restriction 
Pursuant to a presidential decree (No:  85) (“Presidential Decree 85”) published on 13 September 2018, Decree 
32 was amended.  Accordingly, except for certain exemptions determined by the Ministry of Treasury and 
Finance (the “Ministry”), the contract price and all other payment obligations under (i) sale, purchase, and lease 
agreements (including financial lease) concerning movable and immovable properties, (ii) employment, (iii) 
service, and (iv) construction agreements entered into between Turkish and non-Turkish real and legal persons 
resident in Türkiye must be based on Turkish Lira. 
Presidential Decree 85 precluded Turkish and non-Turkish real and legal persons resident in Türkiye from 
determining, or indexing to, the contract price or other payment obligations in foreign currency with regards to 
the aforementioned transactions. 
Further, a 30-day transition period was envisaged by Presidential Decree 85 for the Turkish and non-Turkish 
real and legal persons resident in Türkiye to amend their existing agreements which fall within the scope of the 
restrictions such that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder must be re-determined in 
Turkish Lira. 
The Ministry determined on 6 October 2018 the exact scope of the restrictions above introduced by Presidential 
Decree 85, by way of setting out the restrictions and exemptions on a contract type basis.  The said restrictions 
and exemptions were further fleshed out by way of amendments to the Communiqué 2008-32/34 regarding 
Decree 32 on 16 November 2018.  Among other exemptions, capital markets instruments (including the Notes) 
are exempted from this new set of restrictions.  Accordingly, issuance, purchase and sales of capital market 
instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and its secondary legislation; as well as 
determination of obligations in connection therewith, may be denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currency. 
The impact of Decree 32 may have a negligible negative impact in the short term, but the Group’s management 
believes that this is a prudent action in the mid to long term in order to reduce the dependency of the Turkish 
economy on the U.S. dollar and to de-dollarise the Turkish economy. 
Turkish Lira Borrowing Restrictions 
On 24 June 2022, the BRSA introduced Turkish Lira borrowing restrictions for non-financial institution 
companies subject to independent audit (the “Potential Borrowers”) with its decision No. 10250 (the “Decision 
No. 10250”). Pursuant to the decision, the Potential Borrowers’ borrowing of Turkish Lira commercial cash 
loans will be subject to various restrictions depending on the amount of their FX assets.  The FX assets will 
include gold, foreign currency cash, as well as foreign exchange deposits and foreign currency denominated 
securities, and as set out in the BRSA Decision No.10265 numbered 7 July 2022, stocks issued by non-residents, 
and other monetary assets such as reverse repo with non-residents.  The FX assets will not include other

--- Page 315 ---
296
 
 
monetary assets such as foreign currency denominated securities and debt instruments issued by issuers resident 
in Türkiye. 
According to the Decision No. 10250, Potential Borrowers whose FX assets exceed TL 15,000,000, will not be 
able to borrow Turkish Lira cash commercial loans in the event their FX assets exceed 10% of the higher of 
their net assets and their net sales revenue of the last financial year, pursuant to their most recent financial 
statements as of the date of the application for the Turkish Lira loan (as per the BRSA decision No. 10389 issued 
on 21 October 2022, the foregoing TL 15,000,000 amount is replaced with TL 10,000,000 and 10% ratio is 
replaced with 5% as effective from 1 November 2022).  The aforementioned calculation will be made over the 
consolidated balance sheets for the Potential Borrowers that must prepare consolidated financial statements. 
The Potential Borrowers who are not allowed to borrow foreign currency loans, having had a foreign currency 
net position deficit for the three-month period following the date their loan application was made to the bank, 
will be able to borrow Turkish Lira commercial cash loans, limited to their position deficit for the three-month 
period following their loan application date, provided that the position deficit has been determined pursuant to 
the examination to be made on the most recent financial statements prepared by the authorised independent 
audit firm, and these Potential Borrowers have applied to the bank with the documents approved by such firms.  
The documentation requirements were further softened on 7 July 2022 by the BRSA Decision No. 10265. 
Potential Borrowers whose FX assets do not exceed TL 15,000,000, can borrow Turkish Lira commercial cash 
loans, provided that, (i) their current FX assets, net assets and net sales revenue for the last year, pursuant to the 
most recent financial statements, have been determined by an independent audit firm, (ii) they have declared 
and undertaken that the Turkish Lira equivalent of their FX assets will not exceed TL 15,000,000 (and, if it 
exceeds such amount, it will not exceed 10% of the higher of their net assets and their net sales revenue for the 
last financial year during the term of the loan that they will borrow), and (iii) they submit information regarding 
the current value of their FX assets, net assets and net sales revenue for the last 12 months, as of the end of the 
previous month, pursuant to the previous month-end balance sheet, to the bank, within the first 10 business days 
of each month, in order to ensure that the bank is able to monitor the aforementioned declaration and undertaking 
(as per the BRSA Decision No. 10389, the foregoing TL 15,000,000 amount was replaced on 21 October 2022 
with TL 10,000,000 and 10% ratio is replaced with 5% as effective from 1 November 2022).  The documentation 
requirements are further softened by the BRSA, and the form and substance of the declaration and undertaking 
of the Potential Borrowers were clarified on 7 July 2022 by the BRSA Decision No. 10265. 
On 7 July 2022, the BRSA published a new decision No. 10265 to clarify the implementation of the Decision.  
In accordance with this decision; 
 
Financial statements that are taken as the basis for determining whether Potential Borrowers can borrow 
a Turkish Lira loan, will be the financial statements prepared in accordance with the Tax Procedural 
Law and submitted as attached to the Potential Borrower’s tax declarations (including temporary tax 
declarations), to the tax authority (including temporary tax periods).  If a Potential Borrower is obliged 
to prepare consolidated financial statements, the assessment will be made based on the financial 
statements audited by an independent audit firm.  However, foreign subsidiaries and affiliates of the 
Potential Borrower will not be included in this assessment. 
 
Potential Borrowers who are not allowed to borrow foreign currency loans, having had a foreign 
currency net position deficit for the three-month period following their loan application, will be able to 
borrow new loans if they represent that they have closed the foreign currency net position gap, by 
providing the amount of foreign currency net position gap (limited to the foreign currency net position 
gap in the three-month period following the loan application date).  The representations and 
undertakings must be confirmed by an independent audit firm or certified public accountant, and 
documented to the relevant bank by the close of business on the last business day of the month following 
the end of the quarterly calendar period.  The form of the representation is included in the decision. 
 
Potential Borrowers whose FX assets do not exceed TL 15,000,000, or do not exceed 10% of the higher 
of their net assets and their net sales revenue of the last financial year, during the term of the loan that 
they will borrow Turkish Lira loans, will, with effect from 30 June 2022, be able to borrow Turkish 
Lira loans, if they provide the aforementioned representation and undertaking, the form of which is 
included in the decision, and submit supporting documents to the relevant bank by the close of business 
of the last business day of the month following the end of each quarterly calendar period (as per the

--- Page 316 ---
297
 
 
BRSA decision No. 10389, the foregoing TL 15,000,000 amount was replaced on 21 October 2022 with 
TL 10,000,000 and 10% ratio is replaced with 5% as effective from 1 November 2022). 
 
Potential Borrowers who are subject to independent audit, and whose first audit obligation will 
commence at the end of 2022, will, within the scope of the decision, be exempt from the regulation. 
 
If Potential Borrowers fail to submit information and documentation, as approved by an independent 
audit firm or certified public accountant, to the bank, within the specified periods, or it is determined 
that they are subject to the borrowing restrictions within the scope of the decision pursuant to the 
information and documents submitted, (i) no new commercial cash loans will be extended to such 
companies, and (ii) a 500% risk weighting will apply to Turkish Lira cash loans extended as of 30 June 
2022 to these Potential Borrowers, regardless of the method used to calculate the amount subject to 
credit risk, as well as the credit risk mitigation techniques, credit ratings and real estate mortgages, for 
the calculation of the capital adequacy ratio pursuant to the notification by the Potential Borrower, in 
accordance with the procedures and principles, by the BRSA. 
 
Loans to be extended by financial leasing, factoring and financing companies as of 1 August 2022 will 
be within the scope.  The obligations imposed on banks within the scope of the decision will also apply 
to these companies. 
Restriction on Cross-Currency Derivatives Transactions 
On 13 August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under (i) cross-currency swap, spot and forward 
transactions entered into with non-resident counterparties involving purchase of TRY and sale of hard currency 
at the maturity; and (ii) any other transaction akin to the cross-currency swaps having the same financial effect, 
to 50% of a bank’s regulatory capital, then reducing this level to 10% in February 2020.  On 15 August 2018, 
50% threshold was reduced to 25%.  On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible 
adverse effects on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic, the 
BRSA issued a press release announcing that this level was reduced to 1%.  In line with the BRSA’s efforts to 
ease the regulatory restrictions, the 1% level was later increased to 10% on 25 September 2020.  Accordingly, 
now, in the case of a bank exceeding 10% level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until the 
10% level (which is calculated on a daily basis) is attained; however, transactions conducted between local 
banks and their consolidated affiliates located abroad that qualify as a bank or financial institution are exempt 
from this restriction.  In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be cancellation 
or extension of the referred transactions. 
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products with non-resident counterparties involving sale of TRY and 
purchase of hard currency with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 10% of such bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital; provided that this restriction does not apply to transactions with a 
bank’s non-Turkish financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation.  With its press 
release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by announcing that transactions with a remaining 
maturity of seven days shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s most recently calculated regulatory capital 
on any given calendar date.  Such threshold was applied as 2% for transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 
days and 10% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year.  In line with the BRSA’s efforts to ease 
the regulatory restrictions, the BRSA eased these thresholds during the COVID 19 pandemic several times.  
According to the BRSA latest decision on 11 November 2020, thresholds mentioned above shall now be applied 
as 5%, 10% and 30% for the transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days, thirty days and one year, 
respectively. 
On 23 June 2022, the BRSA adopted a new measure pursuant to decision No. 10248 with respect to the 
derivative transactions between non-financial institution residents in Türkiye with non-residents.  The BRSA 
decided to apply a risk weighting of 500%, regardless of the method used to calculate the amount subject to 
credit risk, as well as the credit risk mitigation techniques, credit ratings and real estate mortgages, for the 
calculation of the capital adequacy ratio for Turkish Lira and foreign currency commercial cash loans to be 
made available to non-financial institution residents that enter into derivative transactions with non-residents 
after 23 June 2022.

--- Page 317 ---
298
 
 
Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates 
and Fees for Commercial Customers 
With the Communiqué on Maximum Interest Rates in Credit Card Transactions (Kredi Kartı İşlemlerinde 
Uygulanacak Azami Faiz Oranları Hakkında Tebliğ) published in the Official Gazette dated 31 October 2020 
and numbered 31290 (the “Communiqué on Maximum Interest Rates in Credit Card Transactions”), the 
Central Bank changed the methodology of determination of credit card interest caps.  According to such 
communiqué, the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions was to be determined 
by adding 55 basis points on the monthly reference rate published in accordance with the Communiqué on 
Commercial Customer Fees.  For FX transactions, such monthly cap is to be determined as 80% of the monthly 
cap for Turkish Lira transactions, by rounding to at most two decimal places.  The monthly cap on default 
interest rates for credit card transactions is now to be determined by adding a further 30 basis points.  After the 
changes made to the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees on 23 June 2023, the monthly caps are 
expected to be published by the CBRT on each day the CBRT publishes the reference rate on its official website 
and are applicable as of the first day of the next month.  The reference rate is expected to be published on the 
5thlast business day of any given month; however, if the monetary policy committee of the CBRT meets on a 
date in any month after the 5thlast business day of such month, the reference rate is to be published with the 
most recent data on the date of such meeting and the reference rate calculated as at the date of such publication 
is to be updated if it deviates more than 5% compared to the most recently published reference rate.  On 25 July 
2023, the Central Bank introduced further changes in the Communiqué on Maximum Interest Rates in Credit 
Card Transactions with respect to the methodology on the calculation of interest rate caps applicable to the cash 
withdrawal and cash utilisation transactions as they had set out that the interest rate caps applicable to the cash 
withdrawal and cash utilisation transactions from credit cards (and overdraft accounts) were to be determined 
by adding 131 basis points instead of 55 basis points on the monthly reference rate published in accordance with 
the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees.  With the amendments published in the Official Gazette dated 
22 December 2023 and numbered 32407 to the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, it has been set 
that the reference rate cannot exceed 3.11%.  On 16 March 2024, the Central Bank introduced further changes 
in the Communiqué on Maximum Interest Rates in Credit Card Transactions and set out that the interest rate 
caps applicable to the cash withdrawal and cash utilisation transactions from credit cards (and overdraft 
accounts) are now to be determined by adding 189 basis points instead of 131 basis points on the monthly 
reference rate published in accordance with the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees.  On 6 April 2024, 
the Central Bank introduced another change to the Communiqué on Maximum Interest Rates in Credit Card 
Transactions and set out that the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions to now 
be determined by adding 114 basis points on the monthly reference rate published in accordance with the 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees.  On 27 September 2024, the Central Bank introduced another 
change in the Communiqué on Maximum Interest Rates in Credit Card Transactions and set out that the monthly 
cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions will be determined gradually by considering the 
amount of the current debt for the period. The monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira 
transactions is determined by adding: (i) 39 basis points to the monthly reference rate for credit card debts under 
twenty-five thousand Turkish Lira, (ii) 114 basis points for debts between twenty-five thousand and one hundred 
fifty thousand Turkish Lira, and (iii) 164 basis points for debts over one hundred fifty thousand Turkish Lira, 
as published in accordance with the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. For November and December 
2024, the Central Bank published the monthly interest rate caps as follows:  (i) a monthly interest rate cap of 
5.00% applied to credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts, (ii) and a monthly default 
interest cap of 5.30% applied to credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts, (iii) for 
monthly debts lower than TL 25,000 (other than credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft 
accounts), (a) 3.50% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions and (b) 3.80% 
as the monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions, (iv) for monthly debts 
between TL 25,000 and TL 150,000 (other than credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft 
accounts), (a) 4.25% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions and (b) 4.55% 
as the monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions, (iv) for monthly debts over 
TL 150,000 (other than credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts), (a) 4.75% as the 
monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions and (b) 5.05% as the monthly cap on 
default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions, (vi) 3.50% as the monthly cap on credit card 
interest rates for FX transactions, and (vi) 3.80% as the monthly cap on default interest rates for FX credit card 
transactions.

--- Page 318 ---
299
 
 
Later on, the Central Bank issued two new communiqués, namely the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan 
Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates (Mevduat ve Kredi Faiz Oranları 
ve Katılma Hesapları Kâr ve Zarara Katılma Oranları Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “New Communiqué on Deposit 
and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be Collected by 
Banks from Commercial Customers (Bankalarca Ticari Müşterilerden Alınabilecek Ücretlere İlişkin Usul ve 
Esaslar Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”) both published in the Official 
Gazette dated 10 February 2020 and numbered 31035 and became effective as of 01 March 2020 (and for the 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to the fees became effective as of 
01 April 2020).  The New Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates, which abolished and replaced the 
Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest does not have any provisions regulating the POS commission rates; 
however, it introduced a cap to the interest rate applicable to demand deposit accounts.  Accordingly, the interest 
rates to apply to deposit accounts are determined freely by the banks, except for the rates applying to demand 
deposit accounts, which cannot exceed 0.25% annually. 
POS commissions are regulated under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees and the POS 
commission rates applied by the banks in goods and service purchases are capped with the monthly reference 
rate to be determined by the Central Bank plus 0.45 points, if the amounts from such purchases are transferred 
by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction.  If the amounts from such purchases 
are not transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction, such cap for 
commission rates are decreased by taking into account the number of days between the day of the transaction 
and the day on which the amounts from such purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal. 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets forth standardised fees and caps for commercial 
customers.  Accordingly, credit allocation fees will not exceed 0.25% of the total credit limit allocated for the 
first limit allocation, and will not exceed 0.125% of the renewed limit for any limit renewals.  Credit utilisation 
fees will not exceed 1.10% of the total credit utilised.  For revolving facilities, utilisation fees can only be 
received periodically and cannot exceed 1% of the average credit limit for the relevant one-year period.  
Moreover, the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees (as amended by the Amending Communiqué No. 
2024/16 published in the Official Gazette dated 28 June 2024 and numbered 32586, (the “Communiqué No. 
2024/16”)) obliges the banks to accept prepayment for loans extended before 1 March 2021 in case a commercial 
customer requests to make a prepayment for its entire credit debt, in return for a prepayment fee.  For such 
Turkish Lira loans with a term less than 24 month, this fee cannot exceed 1% of the amount paid by the customer 
to the bank following the deductions of the relevant interest amount and other cost elements, whereas for such 
Turkish Lira loans with a term of more than 24 months, this cap is set at 2% and for foreign currency 
denominated or indexed loans, such caps can be increased by one point (up to 2% and 3% respectively for loans 
with a term less than 24 month and for loans with a term of more than 24 months).  The Communiqué on 
Commercial Customer Fees (as amended by the Communiqué No. 2024/16) also obliges the banks to accept 
prepayment for loans extended after 1 March 2021 but on or prior to 30 June 2024 in case a commercial customer 
requests to make a prepayment for its entire credit debt, in return for a prepayment fee.  In this case, for such 
Turkish Lira loans with a term less than 24 month, this fee cannot exceed 2% of the amount paid by the customer 
to the bank following the deductions of the relevant interest amount and other cost elements, whereas for such 
Turkish Lira loans with a term of more than 24 months, this 2% cap is increased by one point (one per cent.) 
for each year of the tenor above 24 months.  For foreign currency denominated or indexed loans, such caps can 
be increased by one point.  For loans extended after 30 June 2024, the Communiqué No. 2024/16 retained the 
obligation of a bank to accept a full prepayment but replaced the prepayment fee rate requirements set out above 
with the requirement of applying a prepayment fee not exceeding the rate calculated based on a formula 
determined by the CBRT taking into account (i) for fixed rate Turkish lira loans, the loan interest rate and the 
remaining weighted average maturity, (ii) for fixed rate foreign currency or foreign currency indexed loans, a 
fixed rate and the remaining weighted average maturity.  The Communiqué No. 2024/16 further set out that, for 
variable interest rate loans extended after 30 June 2024, the prepayment fee is capped at to two per cent (2%) 
of the prepayment amount.Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, 
published in the Official Gazette dated 9 August 2021 and No. 31563, the fees relating to credit facilities 
extended under project finance, acquisition finance, privatization finance and structured finance, or refinancings 
of these facilities will not fall under the scope of commercial loans.  In other words, such transactions will not 
be subject to the restrictions related to the fees under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. 
As part of the macro-prudential steps to ensure financial stability, the BRSA’s Decision No. 10972 dated 26 
September 2024 includes the following provisions:

--- Page 319 ---
300
 
 
 
For individual credit cards: If the minimum payment amount of the current debt is not paid by the 
decision date, holders may request restructuring of their existing credit card debts for up to 60 months. 
The credit card limits allocated by the bank to the cardholder cannot be increased until 50% of the 
restructured credit card debt is paid;  
 
For personal loans: Personal loans disbursed before the decision date, with principal and/or interest 
payments overdue by more than 30 days as of the decision date, can be restructured for up to 60 months 
if requested by the borrower within one year from the decision date. 
Macroprudential Measures requiring Maintenance of Securities 
The CBRT issued on 10 June 2022 the Regulation on Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities for Foreign 
Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on Maintenance of Securities on 20 
August 2022) in the Official Gazette dated 10 June 2022 and No.31862 (the “Regulation on Maintenance of 
Securities”).  With the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities, effective from 29 July 2022, the CBRT has 
required the banks to hold long-term Turkish Lira-securities issued by the Turkish government (including lease 
certificates issued by the Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) for the foreign currency 
deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held with such bank (excluding those of certain 
depositors, including the CBRT itself, the Turkish Treasury, certain other governmental entities, other Turkish 
banks and non-citizens, and such deposits/funds/accounts funded by foreign direct investments as determined 
by the CBRT) as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities, each Turkish bank was required to hold an amount of 
long-term Turkish Lira-securities issued by the Turkish government equal to four per cent. (4%) of the amount 
of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held by the relevant customers 
with such bank as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions.  With the 
amendments to the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities published in the Official Gazette dated 6 April 
2024 and numbered 32512, such ratio of four per cent. (4%) was reduced to one per cent. (1%).  Separately, on 
23 April 2022, the CBRT had announced that the banks’ and financing companies’ TL-denominated commercial 
cash loans were to be subject to reserve requirements (“Commercial Cash Loan Mandatory Reserve 
Requirement”), excluding the following loans (“Excluded Loans”):  (i) loans extended to businesses that are 
under the scope of SMEs, (ii) tradesmen loans, (iii) export and investment loans, (iv) agricultural loans, (v) 
loans extended to institutions and organisations, state economic enterprises and their establishments, 
subsidiaries and affiliates included in tables (I), (II), (III) and (IV) in the annex of the Law No.5018 on Public 
Finance Management and Control Law, (vi) commercial credit cards and (vii) loans extended to financial 
institutions.  Further, the CBRT amended the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities on 20 August 2022 and 
replaced the Commercial Cash Loan Mandatory Reserve Requirement that had been applied at a ratio of 20% 
for such loans with a requirement to hold long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government with the CBRT at an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the aforementioned TL-denominated 
commercial cash loans excluding the Excluded Loans, provided that the exclusion applies to the latter only if 
such loans are disbursed against expenditures.  On 16 December 2022, the CBRT required that for a loan to an 
SME to qualify as an Excluded Loans (under (i)), all other businesses classified in the same risk group with 
such SME must also be SMEs.  On 31 December 2022, the CBRT amended the Regulation on Maintenance of 
Securities to require Turkish banks to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued 
by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the securities issued by entities (other 
than financial institutions) held by such banks.  On 27 October 2023, with the amendments to the Regulation 
on Maintenance of Securities, the CBRT abolished the aforementioned securities maintenance requirements 
applied to banks at a rate of 30% based on their Turkish Lira-denominated cash loans and specified in a press 
release on the same date that the Excluded Loans from this practice will no longer be subject to the requirement 
of being disbursed against expenditures to be excluded from such requirements.  Similarly, with the same 
amendments on 27 October 2023, the CBRT also abolished the requirement on the Turkish banks to hold 
Turkish Lira-denominated securities in an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the securities issued by entities 
(other than the Turkish Government and financial institutions) held by such banks. 
Further, according to the amendments made on 20 August 2022, 31 December 2022, 25 July 2023 and 22 
December 2023 to the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities, if: 
(a) 
a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding the Excluded Loans) 
during each calculation period from 26 August 2022 to 25 November 2022 compared to the previous

--- Page 320 ---
301
 
 
calculation period was higher than 3.00%, then such bank would be required to hold with the CBRT 
long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal 
to the amount over such 3.00%; 
(b) 
a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan (excluding the Excluded Loans) growth as of 
30 December 2022 compared to 29 July 2022 was higher than 10%, then such bank would be required 
to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government in an amount equal to the amount over such 10% minus the amount already held as required 
by paragraph (a) above; and 
(c) 
a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding the Excluded Loans) 
during any calculation period from 27 January 2023 to (and including) 28 June 2024 compared to the 
previous calculation period was higher than 2.00% (which was set out initially as 3.00% but then revised 
downwards to 2.00% by the CBRT on 25 July 2023, starting from 29 July 2023), then such bank would 
be required to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government in an amount equal to the amount over such 2.00% (such ratio of 2.00% may be increased 
by the CBRT for certain types of loans to be determined by the CBRT).  The CBRT revises these 
monthly loan growth limits from time to time.  On 6 March 2024, the CBRT announced that (i) the 
monthly growth limit for TL commercial loans (excluding the Excluded Loans and loans extended in 
the earthquake zone), previously set at 2.50%, has been reduced to 2.00%, (ii) the monthly growth limit 
for general purpose loans, previously set at 3.00%, has been revised down to 2.00% and (iii) the 2.00% 
limit for auto loans would remain unchanged.  With the amendments to the Regulation on Maintenance 
of Securities published in the Official Gazette dated 6 April 2024 and numbered 32512, the CBRT set 
out that such requirement would no longer be applied in respect of any calculation period after the 
calculation period ended on 23 February 2024 (instead of the calculation period that ends on 28 June 
2024). 
Additionally, pursuant to the amendments made on 20 August 2022, 31 December 2022, 7 April 2023 and 20 
August 2023 to the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities: 
(a) 
for TL-denominated cash loans (excluding consumer loans) extended on a date between 20 August 2022 
and 30 December 2022 (both inclusive), the banks were required to hold long-term Turkish Lira-
securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT in an amount equal to (i) 20% of the amount 
of such TL-denominated cash loans extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate 
higher than (but not equal to) 1.4 times the CBRT-released annual compound reference rate (which 
reference rate was 10.31% for the period between 1 December 2022 and 30 June 2023, 17.86% for July 
2023, 21.01% for August 2023, 31.25% for September 2023 and 38.45% for October 2023) but not 
higher than 1.8 times the CBRT-released annual compound reference rate and (ii) 90% of the amount 
of TL-denominated cash loans (excluding consumer loans) extended during such period at an annual 
compound interest rate higher than 1.8 times the CBRT-released annual compound reference rate; and 
(b) 
for Turkish Lira-denominated loans (excluding the cash consumer loans except general purpose loans) 
to be extended on a date between 31 December 2022 and the calculation date 29 December 2023 (both 
inclusive), banks are required (based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every month) 
until 29 December 2023 to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued 
by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 150% of the amount of such loans extended during 
such month depending upon their annual compound interest rate exceeding a certain interest rate 
threshold (such thresholds to be determined by the CBRT based upon the CBRT-released annual 
compound reference rate (which reference rate was 10.31% for the period between 1 December 2022 
and 30 June 2023, 17.86% for July 2023, 21.01% for August 2023, 31.25% for September 2023 and 
38.45% for October 2023).  Such threshold was determined by the CBRT as (i) 1.4 times such annual 
compound interest rate for Turkish Lira-denominated cash export and investment loans, (ii) 2.0 times 
such annual compound interest rate for Turkish Lira-denominated general purpose consumer loans, and 
(iii) 1.8 times such annual compound interest rate for other Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans (excluding the export and investment loans). 
As mentioned above, as part of the efforts of the CBRT to simplify and improve the existing micro- and 
macroprudential framework, the CBRT abolished on 27 October 2023 the aforementioned requirements on the 
banks to hold long-term Turkish Lira-securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT for their TL-

--- Page 321 ---
302
 
 
denominated commercial cash loans excluding export and investment loans with an interest rate above a certain 
level compared to the CBRT-released annual compound interest rate. 
As another measure to incentivise banks to hold fixed-rate long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities, the 
CBRT has gradually increased the discount rate that it applies for CPI-linked securities in the CBRT’s open 
market operations collateral system starting from 2022 and on 10 April 2023, the CBRT increased such discount 
rate from 70% to 80%. Most recently, on 5 December 2024, the Central Bank announced that, the discount rate 
for CPI-indexed government debt securities and lease certificates were reduced from 80% to 30%. 
After the general elections held on 14 May 2023 and 28 May 2023, and the reorganisation of the CBRT 
management in June 2023, the CBRT initiated a general review of the existing macroprudential framework 
applicable to Turkish banks on requirements of holding long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued 
by the Turkish government.  The Monetary Policy Committee of the CBRT stated in its decision of 22 June 
2023 that the existing micro-and macroprudential framework would be gradually simplified, guided by impact 
analyses.  On 25 June 2023, the CBRT abolished the previous provisional requirement to hold additional long-
term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT based on the ratio 
of conversion of the banks’ FX-denominated deposits to Turkish Lira deposits and replaced it with another 
regime with effect from 28 June 2023.  Pursuant to such new regime which will apply until the calculation date 
as at 29 September 2023 (which was later updated by the CBRT effective from 26 August 2023, as 28 July 
2023), if a bank fails to make a conversion less than 10% according to the ratio of conversion from FX-
denominated deposits to Turkish Lira deposits, such bank must hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT in an amount equal to twice of such 
shortfall.  The period during which such bank is to hold such securities commences on the last Friday of the 
month following the relevant calculation date and ends on the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month 
following the commencement of such period. 
On 20 August 2023, the CBRT introduced three additional provisional requirements of the Regulation on 
Maintenance of Securities to hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the 
Turkish government with the CBRT in the form of Provisional Article 13, Provisional Article 14 and Provisional 
Article 15. 
First, Provisional Article 13 is based on the ratio of conversion of the banks’ FX-protected TL time deposits to 
Turkish Lira deposits.  Pursuant to such new regime which will apply at each calculation period until the relevant 
calculation dates, if a bank fails to: 
(i) 
make a conversion of at least fifty per cent. (50%) of its customers’ FX-protected deposits (opened with 
such bank by its customers initially by converting Turkish Lira deposits to Turkish Lira FX-protected 
deposits under the Turkish Government’s scheme), the maturity of which falls within such calculation 
period, to standard Turkish Lira time deposits (with a minimum maturity of 32 days), until the 
calculation date as of 29 December 2023 (inclusive); or 
(ii) 
make a conversion of at least ten per cent. (10%) of its individual customers’ FX-protected deposits 
(opened with such bank by its individual customers initially by converting FX-denominated deposits to 
Turkish Lira FX-protected deposits under the Turkish Government’s scheme), the maturity of which 
falls within such calculation period, to standard Turkish Lira time deposits (with a minimum maturity 
of 32 days) until the calculation date on 29 September 2023 (all inclusive), 
such bank must hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
Government with the CBRT in an amount equal to the shortfall.  The period during which such bank is to hold 
such securities commences on the last Friday of the month following the relevant calculation date and ends on 
the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month following the commencement of such period.  Provisional 
Article 13 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities also provides that the CBRT may change the 
aforementioned rate of fifty per cent. (50%) and ten per cent. (10%) and set a rate replacing the former between 
twenty per cent. (20%) and ninety-five per cent. (95%) and a rate replacing the latter between zero per cent. 
(0%) and fifty per cent. (50%).  Provisional Article 13 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities further 
provides that the CBRT may differentiate the application of this provisional requirement for different banks by 
reducing the aforementioned rates, changing the calculation periods and extending the deadlines of 29 
September 2023 and 29 December 2023 to 30 April 2024.

--- Page 322 ---
303
 
 
Second, Provisional Article 14 is based on the ratio of renewal of the banks’ FX-protected TL time deposits (in 
the calculation of which renewal, such deposits renewed as standard TL time deposits are also taken into 
account).  Pursuant to such new regime which will apply at each calculation period until the calculation date as 
at 29 September 2023: 
(i) 
if a bank fails to attain a ratio of ninety-five per cent. (95%) renewal of its FX-protected TL time 
deposits, the maturity of which fall within a given calculation period, such bank must hold additional 
long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Government with the CBRT in an 
amount equal to the shortfall; and 
(ii) 
if such renewal ratio is even lower than seventy-five per cent. (75%), such bank must hold further 
additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Government with the 
CBRT in an amount equal to the shortfall. 
The period during which such bank is to hold such securities commences on the last Friday of the month 
following the relevant calculation date and ends on the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month following 
the commencement of such period.  In the calculation referred to in paragraph (i) above, such deposits renewed 
as standard TL time deposits (with a maturity of at least 32 days) are also taken into account in the numerator, 
whereas that is not possible for the calculation referred to in paragraph (ii) above.  The period during which 
such bank is to hold such securities commences on the last Friday of the month following the relevant calculation 
date and ends on the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month following the commencement of such 
period.  Provisional Article 14 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities also provides that the CBRT may 
reduce the aforementioned rate of ninety-five per cent. (95%) to any rate not lower than twenty per cent. (20%).  
Provisional Article 14 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities further provides that the CBRT may 
differentiate the application of this provisional requirement for different banks by reducing the aforementioned 
rates, changing the calculation periods and extending the aforementioned deadline of 29 September 2023 to 30 
April 2024. 
Third, Provisional Article 15 is based on the ratio of the banks’ TL deposits (excluding FX-protected TL time 
deposits) to all deposits.  Pursuant to such new regime which will apply at each calculation period until the 
calculation date as at 29 December 2023, if: 
(i) 
the difference between (a) the ratio of a bank’s individual customers’ TL deposits (excluding FX-
protected TL time deposits) to its individual customers’ all deposits in any given calculation period and 
(ii) the same ratio of such bank in the preceding calculation period is less than two per cent. (2%); or 
(ii) 
the ratio of a bank’s non-individual customers’ TL deposits (excluding FX-protected TL time deposits) 
to its non-individual customers’ all deposits decreases is lower than in any given calculation period is 
less than the same ratio for non-individual customers calculated as of 18 August 2023, 
such bank must hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
Government with the CBRT in an amount equal to the shortfall.  The period during which such bank is to hold 
such securities commences on the last Friday of the month following the relevant calculation date and ends on 
the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month following the commencement of such period.  Provisional 
Article 15 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities also provides that the CBRT may change the 
aforementioned target rate of difference of two per cent. (2%) and replace it with any rate of difference between 
zero per cent. (0%) and five per cent. (5%).  Provisional Article 15 of the Regulation on Maintenance of 
Securities further provides that the CBRT may differentiate the application of this provisional requirement for 
different banks by reducing the aforementioned rates, changing the calculation periods and extending the 
aforementioned deadline of 29 December 2023 to 30 April 2024.  With effect from 18 September 2023, the 
CBRT increased the aforementioned target rate of difference of two per cent. (2%) to two point five per cent. 
(2.5%), and on 27 October 2023, the CBRT increased the same target rate from two point five per cent. (2.5%) 
to three point five per cent. (3.5%). 
On 1 December 2023, the CBRT extended the deadline for the availability for conversion of foreign currency 
and gold deposits balances of individuals at the banks into FX-protected deposits from 31 August 2023 to 30 
November 2023 (meaning that the individuals would be able to convert such balances that they held at banks as 
of 30 November 2023).  On the same date, the CBRT decreased the interest rate floor for such deposits converted

--- Page 323 ---
304
 
 
from foreign currency balances from hundred per cent. (100%) to eighty-five per cent. (85%) of the one-week 
repo rate (i.e., the policy rate) of the CBRT. 
As part of efforts of the CBRT’s to simplify and improve the existing micro and macroprudential framework, 
CBRT repealed the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities on 9 May 2024, and announced the repeal in the 
Official Gazette dated 9 May 2024 and numbered 32541 with immediate effect (and therefore, the rules 
requiring banks to hold long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Government with 
the CBRT have been abolished). 
Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual 
event of default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for 
debt restructuring upon settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law.  In 
addition, changes were introduced to this law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual 
termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a 
concordat application and such application shall not constitute a breach of such agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”) pursuant to which a framework agreement (the “Framework Agreement”) was 
drafted by the Banks Association of Türkiye.  On 19 September 2018, the Banks Association of Türkiye 
announced that Turkish banks (including the Bank) and other financial institutions, whose shares correspond to 
approximately 90% of the total loans in the market, executed the Framework Agreement, which entered into 
force on the same date following the approval of the BRSA.  The main aim of the regulation was to enhance the 
repayment ability of debtors in repaying their debts to the financial sector in order for these companies to sustain 
their operations and contribute to the employment in Türkiye.  The Framework Agreement determined:  (a) the 
scope of debts to be restructured, (b) the minimum qualifications of the eligible debtors, (c) the minimum debt 
amount to be restructured, (d) the content of the restructuring agreements and (e) the procedure to determine a 
debtor’s eligibility, which is the capacity of a debtor to repay its debts following the restructuring process in 
line with the repayment schedule.  According to the Framework Agreement, debtors that have a principal debt 
of up to TL 100 million (including cash and non-cash debt) owed to the Eligible Creditors (as defined below) 
are eligible to apply to restructure their debts pursuant to the Framework Agreement applicable for small-scale 
debtors (the “Small-Scale Framework Agreement”) and those that have a principal debt of TL 100 million 
(including cash and non-cash debt) or more owed to the Eligible Creditors (as defined below) are eligible to 
apply to restructure their debts pursuant to the Framework Agreement applicable for large-scale debtors (the 
“Large-Scale Framework Agreement”).  According to the Framework Agreement, the eligible debtor(s) and 
the applicable credit institutions were allowed to sign a restructuring agreement at any time through 19 July 
2023 (as extended by two years by the presidential decree published in the Official Gazette dated 15 July 2021 
and numbered 31542).  As such, certain borrowers of the Bank applied for restructuring of their debt under the 
Framework Agreement during such period ended 19 July 2023. 
In this respect, eligible creditors (the “Eligible Creditors”) that signed the Framework Agreement constituted 
a creditors consortium and, to the extent that a debtor was able to meet certain eligibility conditions set out in 
the Restructuring Regulation and the Framework Agreement (together the “New Restructuring Framework”), 
it had the right to apply to one of the three Eligible Creditors carrying the highest three exposures to initiate the 
restructuring process.  The relevant restructuring protocol that debtors, which restructured its relevant debts 
under the New Restructuring Framework, executed with its Eligible Creditors, may have provided for (inter 
alia) a reduction of restructured debt, extension of maturities of the restructured debt, extension of new money 
loans, introduction of new framework for the governance of the debtor, injection of shareholder equity 
contribution, disposal of certain part of the business of the debtor and the provision of additional collaterals. 
The Restructuring Regulation was further amended on 21 November 2018 to enable foreign credit institutions 
to participate in the restructuring process under the Framework Agreement.  Furthermore, the Banking Law was 
amended on 19 July 2019 to incorporate, among others, a provisional article which forms the legislative basis 
of the Restructuring Regulation.  Such amendments contemplate certain tax exemptions for, and suspension of 
execution proceedings against, debtors subject to restructuring, as well as a provision which states that reduction 
of collateral pool, write-off of principal or other receivables or such other actions taken by banks to effectuate 
the restructuring of loans shall not constitute embezzlement offence set out under Article 160 of the Banking 
Law.

--- Page 324 ---
305
 
 
The Framework Agreement’s term expired on 19 July 2023, but its term was extended by another two years on 
28 December 2023, such that it will remain in force through 28 December 2025.  The President may further 
extend the term of the Framework Agreement by another two years.

--- Page 325 ---
306
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, including, 
but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment by a 
person who is a non-resident of Türkiye in notes of a Turkish company issued abroad.  The discussion is based 
upon current law and is for general information only.  The discussion below is not intended to constitute a 
complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that 
may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes.  Furthermore, the discussion only relates to 
the beneficial interest of a person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct 
of a trade or business through a permanent establishment in Türkiye.  Each investor should consult its own tax 
advisers concerning the tax considerations applicable to its particular situation.  This discussion is based upon 
laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject 
to change, possibly with a retroactive effect.  In addition, it does not describe any tax consequences:  (a) arising 
under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Türkiye or (b) applicable to a resident of Türkiye or a 
permanent establishment in Türkiye resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or 
appointment of a permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Türkiye if its corporate domicile is in Türkiye or its 
effective place of management is in Türkiye.  A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide 
income, whereas a non-resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through 
a permanent establishment or on income otherwise sourced in Türkiye.  With the changes introduced by the 
Law No. 7456 on the Establishment of the Additional Motorized Vehicles Tax for Compensation of Economic 
Losses Arisen Due to the Earthquakes of 6 February 2023 and Amendments to Certain Laws and the Decree 
No. 375 (the “Law No. 7456”) published in the Official Gazette dated 15 July 2023 and numbered 32249, the 
corporate income tax rate in Türkiye is:  (a) 30% for banks, financial leasing, factoring and financing companies, 
e-money and payment services institutions, authorised foreign exchange currency-related entities, asset 
management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), securities intermediaries and other capital markets 
institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies and (b) 25% for other corporate 
entities (the rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15% to 40% at progressive rates); provided that, with 
the changes introduced by the Law No. 7524 on the Amendments to the Tax Code and Certain Laws (the “Law 
No. 7524”) published in the Official Gazette dated 2 August 2924 and numbered 32620, effective from a fiscal 
period starting in the year 2025, the corporate income tax rate on profits from specific public-private partnership 
and build-operate-transfer projects is 30% and a “minimum corporate income tax” requires a minimum amount 
of tax to be calculated at a flat rate of 10% based upon pre-exemption and pre-deduction net corporate income.  
An individual is a resident of Türkiye if such individual has established domicile in Türkiye or stays in Türkiye 
more than six months in a calendar year.  On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Türkiye for six 
months or more for a specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income 
Tax Law may not be treated as a resident of Türkiye, depending on the characteristics of their stay.  A resident 
individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his or her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only 
liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Türkiye. 
With the changes introduced by the Law No. 7491 published in the Official Gazette dated 28 December 2023 
and numbered 32413, the profit/loss difference arising from the inflation adjustment made by banks, financial 
leasing, factoring and financing companies, e-money and payment services institutions, authorised foreign 
exchange currency-related entities, asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), securities 
intermediaries and other capital markets institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension 
companies, companies in liquidation and bankruptcy, state economic enterprises and public economic 
institutions within the scope of the Decree Law No. 233 on State Economic Enterprises dated 8 June 1984 in 
the 2024 and 2025 accounting periods, including temporary tax periods, are not to be taken into account in the 
determination of earnings.  The President is authorized by the Law No. 7491 to extend such period by one 
accounting period, including the temporary tax periods.

--- Page 326 ---
307
 
 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Türkiye when the principal is invested in Türkiye.  Capital gain is 
considered sourced in Türkiye when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed or 
accounted for in Türkiye.  The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Türkiye, or if the payment 
is made abroad, it is recorded in the books in Türkiye or apportioned from the profits of the payer or the person 
on whose behalf the payment is made in Türkiye. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident person is the final tax for the non-resident 
person and no further declaration is required.  Any other income of a non-resident person sourced in Türkiye 
that has not been subject to withholding tax will be subject to taxation through declaration where exemptions 
are reserved. 
Interest paid on notes (such as the Notes) issued abroad by Turkish corporates is subject to withholding tax.  
Through the Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of notes issued 
abroad as follows: 
 
7 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of less than one year, 
 
3 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three 
years, and 
 
0 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of three years and more. 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Türkiye 
with respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration.  However, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 of the 
Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by the Law numbered 6111, 6655, 7526 and 7491, special or separate 
tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains from the notes of a Turkish corporate issued abroad when the 
income is derived by a non-resident.  Therefore, no tax is levied on non-resident persons in respect of capital 
gains from the Notes and no declaration is required.  The Provisional Article 67 is valid until the end of 2025. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its 
investment in the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty 
relating thereto. 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current Turkish laws and regulations, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a Turkish corporate to 
a non-resident holder will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate between 10 per cent. and 0 per cent. in 
Türkiye, as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Türkiye and the country of the holder of the notes (in some cases, 
for example, pursuant to the treaties with the United Kingdom and the United States, the term “beneficial 
owner” is used), which provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be 
applied by the corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable.  For the application of withholding tax at a 
reduced rate that benefits from the provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Türkiye and the country 
where the investor is a resident, an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority 
referred to in Article 3 of the Treaty is required, together with a translated copy translated by a translation office, 
to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide gains in the relevant country on the basis of 
resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office directly or through the banks and 
intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding tax.  In the event the certificate of residence is 
not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent delivery of the certificate of 
residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant double taxation 
treaty and the Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments over the bonds are exempt from the Value Added Tax (“VAT”) pursuant 
to the Article 17/4(g) of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended with the Turkish Tax Bill 
Regarding Improvement of the Investment Environment (Law No. 6728), published in the Official Gazette dated 
9 August 2016 and numbered 29796.

--- Page 327 ---
308
 
 
Certain United States Federal Income Taxation Consequences 
Except where otherwise stated, the following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Registered Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that acquired 
such Registered Notes at initial issuance at their published offer price, that will hold the Registered Notes as 
capital assets, and whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar.  This summary does not address the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme, and the relevant 
Final Terms or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will contain additional or modified disclosure concerning 
the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as appropriate.  The discussion 
does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to the acquisition, ownership or 
disposition of Registered Notes by particular investors.  In particular, this summary does not discuss all of the 
tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. 
federal income tax laws (such as banks and other financial institutions, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in 
securities or currencies, traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting, persons 
who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as U.S. lawful permanent residents, investors using the accrual 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes and who are required to recognise income for such 
purposes no later than when such income is taken into account in an applicable financial statement and investors 
that will hold the Registered Notes as part of straddles, hedging or conversion transactions, or as part of a 
synthetic security for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Registered Notes that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes:  (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, or other entity 
treated as a corporation, created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, the District of Columbia, 
or any State thereof; (iii) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to 
its source; or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions 
of the trust. 
If a partnership (or any other entity treated as fiscally transparent for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and 
the activities of the partnership.  Any such partner or partnership should consult their tax advisers as to the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to them of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes. 
Bearer Notes are not being offered to U.S. Holders.  A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to 
limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Code. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS TO DETERMINE THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF ACQUIRING, OWNING AND DISPOSING OF REGISTERED NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE APPLICATION TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED BELOW, AS WELL AS THE APPLICATION OF THE 
ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX AND ANY STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
The Issuer generally intends to treat Notes issued under the Programme as debt. Certain Notes, however, may 
be treated as equity or some other type of instrument or interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  The tax 
treatment of Notes to which a treatment other than debt may apply may be discussed in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.  This summary does not discuss Notes with a maturity of greater than 30 years, the impact of 
redenomination of a Note, Notes that by their terms may be retired for an amount less than their principal amount 
or Notes subject to special rules. 
This summary is based on the Code, existing and proposed U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative 
pronouncements and judicial decisions, each as of the date hereof.  All of the foregoing is subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect, or differing interpretations which could affect the tax consequences described 
herein.  Any special U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to a particular issue of the Notes will be 
provided in the relevant Final Terms or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Payment of Interest 
Interest on a Note (including any additional amounts paid in respect of withholding taxes and without reduction 
for any amounts withheld), whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency other than U.S. dollars (“foreign

--- Page 328 ---
309
 
 
currency” interest on a “Foreign Currency Note”), other than interest on a Discount Note that is not “qualified 
stated interest” (each as defined below under “Original Issue Discount – General”), will be taxable to a U.S. 
Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s method of 
accounting for tax purposes.  Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes (including any additional amounts) and 
original issue discount (“OID”), if any, accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under “Original 
Issue Discount – General”) generally will constitute income from sources outside the United States for the 
purposes of the rules regarding the foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. Holder (and the limitations imposed 
thereon).  Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications 
of the payment of any foreign taxes with respect to the Notes (if applicable). 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
A Note that only provides for the payment of amounts that are qualified stated interest before maturity, other 
than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as issued with OID (a 
“Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to 
or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied 
by the number of complete years to its maturity).  An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other 
than qualified stated interest before maturity (an “instalment obligation”) will be treated as a Discount Note if 
the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 
per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the 
Note.  A Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment 
on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest):  (i) the number of complete years from the issue 
date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment 
and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity.  Generally, the issue price of a 
Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a 
part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity 
of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers.  The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total 
of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of qualified stated interest.  A qualified stated 
interest payment generally is any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally 
payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), 
or a variable rate (in the circumstances described under “– Variable Rate Debt Instruments”), applied to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Note (“qualified stated interest”).  Solely for the purposes of determining 
whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing 
the yield on the Note, and a U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of 
increasing the yield on the Note.  If a Note has de minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de minimis 
amount in income as stated principal payments are made on the Note, unless the U.S. Holder makes the election 
described under “– Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”.  A U.S. Holder can determine the 
includible amount with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the Note’s de minimis 
OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated principal amount of 
the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant yield method before the 
receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly greater 
amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes.  The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder 
of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during 
the taxable year or the portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note (“accrued 
OID”).  The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the 
OID allocable to that accrual period.  Accrual periods with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by 
the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Notes as long as:  (i) no accrual period is longer 
than one year; and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or 
first day of an accrual period.  The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the 
product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount 
Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and 
properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated 
interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period.  The adjusted issue price of a Discount Note at the beginning 
of any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior

--- Page 329 ---
310
 
 
accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not 
qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the stated redemption price 
at maturity (the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified 
stated interest), but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and 
that does not make the election described under “– Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”, is 
permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. 
Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note’s adjusted issue price, and the 
denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other 
than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note’s adjusted issue price. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant yield 
method described above under “– General”, with certain modifications.  For the purposes of this election, 
interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and 
unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described below under “– Notes Purchased at 
a Premium”) or acquisition premium.  If a U.S. Holder makes this election for the Note, then, when the constant 
yield method is applied, the issue price of the Note will equal its cost, the issue date of the Note will be the date 
of acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as payments of qualified stated interest.  This election 
generally will apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the 
consent of the United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”).  However, if the Note has amortisable bond 
premium, the U.S. Holder will be deemed to have made an election to apply amortisable bond premium against 
interest for all debt instruments with amortisable bond premium (other than debt instruments, the interest on 
which is excludible from gross income) held as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the election applies 
or any taxable year thereafter.  If the election to apply the constant yield method to all interest on a Note is made 
with respect to a Market Discount Note (as defined below under “– Market Discount”), the electing U.S. Holder 
will be treated as having made the election discussed under “– Market Discount” to include market discount in 
income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or thereafter acquired by the 
U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the advisability and consequences of 
making this election. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue OID 
(calculated as set forth below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it 
elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is received).  Accrual 
basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight-
line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant yield method (based on daily compounding).  In 
the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on 
the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a 
straight-line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant yield method) through the 
date of sale or retirement.  U.S. Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term 
Notes will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount 
not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For the purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-Term 
Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity.  A U.S. Holder may elect to 
determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to the U.S. Holder 
at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note.  This election shall apply to all obligations with a 
maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which 
the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, that is not acquired at its original issue generally will be treated as 
purchased at a market discount (a “Market Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity

--- Page 330 ---
311
 
 
(the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated 
interest) or, in the case of a Discount Note, the Note’s revised issue price, exceeds the amount for which the 
U.S. Holder purchased the Note by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or 
revised issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note’s maturity (or, in the 
case of a Note that is an instalment obligation, the Note’s weighted average maturity).  If this excess is not 
sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes de minimis market 
discount.  For this purpose, the revised issue price of a Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the 
amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made 
on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on a 
Note that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the gain does not 
exceed the accrued market discount on the Note.  Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may 
elect to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note.  This election will apply to all 
debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first 
taxable year to which the election applies.  This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS.  A 
U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount in income currently 
generally will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market 
Discount Note that is in excess of the interest and OID on the Note includible in the U.S. Holder’s income, to 
the extent that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of the market discount allocable to the 
days on which the Market Discount Note was held by the U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market discount 
on a constant yield method.  This constant yield election applies only to the Market Discount Note with respect 
to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount (or, for a Discount Note, 
the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated 
interest) may elect to treat the excess as amortisable bond premium, in which case the amount required to be 
included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the 
amount of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year.  Any election 
to amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds, (other than bonds, the interest on which is excludable from 
gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable 
year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the 
consent of the IRS.  Please see also “– Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”.  A U.S. Holder 
that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will generally 
recognise a capital loss when the Note matures. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
Generally, a Floating Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” if (a) its issue price does not 
exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the Floating Rate Note by more than an amount 
equal to the lesser of (i) 0.015 multiplied by the product of the total noncontingent principal payments and the 
number of complete years to maturity from the issue date or (ii) 15% of the total noncontingent principal 
payments; (b) it does not provide for stated interest other than stated interest that pays or compounds at least 
annually at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating 
rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse 
floating rate; and (c) each qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the 
Note is set at a current value of that rate (i.e., the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier than three months 
prior to the first day on which the value is in effect and no later than one year following that first day). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where:  (a) variations in the value of such rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which 
the Floating Rate Notes are denominated; or (b) the rate is equal to a rate specified in (a) multiplied by either a 
fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35; or (c) the rate is equal to a rate specified in (a) 
or (b), increased or decreased by a fixed rate.  In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can 
reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 331 ---
312
 
 
together will constitute a single qualified floating rate.  Two or more qualified floating rates will be presumed 
to meet the requirements of the previous sentence if the values of all rates on the issue date are within 25 bps of 
each other.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate is not a qualified floating rate if it is subject to certain 
restrictions (including caps, floors, governors or other similar restrictions) unless such restrictions are fixed 
throughout the term of the Note or are not reasonably expected to significantly affect the yield on the Note. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that (a) is not a qualified floating rate; and (b) is determined using a single fixed 
formula that is based on objective financial or economic information that is not within the control of or unique 
to the circumstances of the issuer or a related party.  Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of such rate 
during the first half of the Floating Rate Notes’ term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater 
than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Floating Rate Notes’ term.  A “qualified inverse 
floating rate,” is any objective rate where such rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, and 
the variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the cost 
of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Floating Rate Notes are denominated. 
Generally, if a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest (payable unconditionally at least annually) at a 
fixed rate for an initial period of one (1) year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a single qualified 
floating rate or a single objective rate, and the value of the variable rate on the Floating Rate Notes’ issue date 
is intended to approximate the fixed rate, then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either 
a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be.  If the Notes pay interest at a single objective 
rate or a single qualified floating rate, the amount of original issue discount allocated to an accrual period, if 
any, is determined by using the constant yield method with a fixed rate equal to, in the case of a qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified 
inverse floating rate, or, for any other objective rate, a fixed rate that reflects the yield reasonably expected for 
such Floating Rate Note. 
If a Floating Rate Note that is a variable rate debt instrument does not provide for stated interest at a single 
qualified floating rate or single objective rate, or at a single fixed rate (other than at a single fixed rate for an 
initial period), the amount of qualified stated interest and the amount and accrual of original issue discount on 
the Note are generally determined by (a) determining a fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided under 
the Floating Rate Note (generally, the value of each variable rate as of the issue date or, in the case of an 
objective rate that is not a qualified inverse floating rate, a rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected 
for the Note); (b) constructing the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (using the fixed rate substitutes 
described above); (c) determining the amount of qualified stated interest and original issue discount with respect 
to the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (by applying the general original issue discount rules as described 
above in “Original Issue Discount”); and (d) making the appropriate adjustment for actual variable rates during 
the applicable accrual period. 
If a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest either at one or more qualified floating rates or at a qualified 
inverse floating rate and in addition provides for stated interest at a single fixed rate (other than a single fixed 
rate for an initial period), a U.S. Holder generally must determine the amount of interest and original issue 
discount accruals by using the method described in the preceding paragraph with the modification that the 
Floating Rate Note is treated, for purposes of the first three steps of the determination, as if it provided for a 
qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate, if the Note provides for a qualified inverse floating 
rate) rather than the fixed rate.  The qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate) replacing the fixed 
rate must be such that the fair market value of the Note as of the issue date would be approximately the same as 
the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for a qualified floating rate (or 
qualified inverse floating rate) rather than a fixed rate. 
A Floating Rate Note that does not qualify as a variable rate debt instrument will be treated as a contingent 
payment debt obligation.  The proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of such a Note will be more fully 
described in the relevant supplemental prospectus. 
Substitution of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in relation to any Notes which pay a Floating Rate of 
Interest following a Benchmark Event 
Following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest on any Notes which pay a floating rate of 
interest will be determined on the basis of the applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.  It is possible that

--- Page 332 ---
313
 
 
such replacement of the Original Reference Rate with a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be treated as 
a significant modification of such Notes.  In such event, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Notes would 
be treated as having been exchanged for new notes (a “deemed exchange”) and a U.S. Holder could be required 
to recognise taxable gain with respect to such Notes as a result of the “deemed exchange”.  In addition, such 
Notes may be treated as being issued with OID.  U.S. Treasury regulations describe circumstances under which 
a replacement of the Original Reference Rate with a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or related adjustments 
to the interest rate on the Notes) would be a “covered modification” and not treated as a deemed exchange and 
would not affect the calculation of OID.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a substitution of a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate and Benchmark Amendments may be considered as occurring 
pursuant to the original terms of the notes, in which case, a “deemed exchange” should not occur and a U.S. 
Holder should not be required to recognise taxable gain with respect to the notes.  U.S. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors in this regard. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID or market 
discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with 
respect to the Note, reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest payments; 
and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the Note.  The amount realised on the 
sale or retirement of a Note is taxable as interest income to the extent of accrued but unpaid interest not 
previously included in income.  Except to the extent described under “Original Issue Discount – Market 
Discount”, “Original Issue Discount – Short-Term Notes” or “Contingent Payment Notes” or attributable to 
accrued but unpaid interest or changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the 
sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and generally will be treated as from U.S. sources for 
purposes of the U.S. foreign tax credit limitation.  In the case of a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate or 
trust, the maximum marginal federal income tax rate applicable to capital gains is currently lower than the 
maximum marginal rate applicable to ordinary income if the Notes are held for more than one year.  The 
deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. 
Contingent Payment Notes 
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including Notes with a variable rate or that do not qualify as “variable rate debt instruments” for purposes of 
the OID rules) they generally will be “contingent payment debt instruments” for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.  Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent payment debt instruments, no payment on 
such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest.  Rather, a U.S. Holder must account for interest for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes based on a “comparable yield” and the differences between actual payments on the Note 
and the Note’s “projected payment schedule” as described below.  The comparable yield is determined by the 
Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes.  The comparable yield may be greater than or less than the stated 
interest, if any, with respect to the Notes.  Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of interest income 
that a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, the Issuer will be required 
to construct a “projected payment schedule” that represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which 
would produce a yield to maturity on the contingent payment debt instrument equal to the comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the Issuer 
regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments, unless 
the Holder timely discloses and justifies the use of a different comparable yield and projected payment schedule 
to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will be 
required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, adjusted

--- Page 333 ---
314
 
 
upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount of any 
contingent payments on the contingent payment instrument (as set forth below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive adjustment, 
i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument 
for a taxable year.  A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over actual payments, in 
respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a 
Holder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and 
 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess as does not 
exceed the excess of: 
 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt instrument 
over 
 
the total amount of the U.S. Holder’s net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on the 
contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the two per cent. floor limitation imposed on miscellaneous 
deductions.  Any net negative adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to 
offset future interest income in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount 
realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment debt instrument.  Where a U.S. Holder 
purchases a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference 
between the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions of 
interest or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining term 
and treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which it is 
allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement and the Holder’s adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument.  A U.S. Holder’s adjusted 
basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the acquisition cost of the Note, 
increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. Holder on the Note under these rules, disregarding any 
net positive and net negative adjustments, and decreased by the amount of any noncontingent payments and the 
projected amount of any contingent payments previously made on the Note.  A U.S. Holder generally will treat 
any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous interest 
inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and 
the balance as capital loss.  The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.  In addition, if a Holder 
recognises loss above certain thresholds, the Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a contingent 
payment debt instrument equal to the fair market value of the property, determined at the time of retirement.  
The Holder’s holding period for the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt.  
Special rules apply to contingent payment debt instruments that are denominated, or provide for payments, in a 
currency other than the U.S. dollar (“Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes”).  Very generally, these 
Notes are accounted for like a contingent payment debt instrument, as described above, but in the currency of 
the Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes.  The relevant amounts must then be translated into U.S. 
dollars.  The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes are complex and U.S. Holders are 
urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of such Notes. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Interest 
If an interest payment (including any additional amounts paid in respect of withholding taxes and without 
reduction for any amounts withheld) is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the 
amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment,

--- Page 334 ---
315
 
 
based on the spot rate of exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in 
fact converted into U.S. dollars.  An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised 
with respect to an interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in 
accordance with either of two methods. 
Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect 
during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. 
Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year).  Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to 
determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the spot rate of exchange rate in effect on the last day 
of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect 
on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year).  Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually 
received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder 
may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual 
receipt.  Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the 
first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder and will be irrevocable 
without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the 
sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the U.S. Holder 
may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference 
between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount 
previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same manner as 
stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above under “– Interest”.  Upon receipt of 
an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale of the Note), a U.S. 
Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate of exchange on the date of 
receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. 
dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market Discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, will be 
accrued in the foreign currency.  If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income currently, the 
accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period 
(or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year).  Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to accrued 
market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as 
ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID.  A U.S. Holder that 
does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the disposition or maturity 
of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date, 
and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond premium that is 
taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or 
loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by the difference between the spot rate of exchange in effect 
on that date, and on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note.  A U.S. Holder’s tax basis

--- Page 335 ---
316
 
 
in a Foreign Currency Note will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Note.  The U.S. dollar 
cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on 
the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, as defined in the 
applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. 
Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of 
this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, 
as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. 
Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale.  Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must 
be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the 
sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. Holder’s 
purchase price for the Note:  (i) on the date of sale or retirement; and (ii) on the date on which the U.S. Holder 
acquired the Note.  Any exchange rate gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note (including any 
exchange rate gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest and OID in the transaction) 
shall be realised only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised on the transaction. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax basis equal 
to its U.S. dollar value at the time the interest is received or at the time of the sale or retirement.  Foreign 
currency that is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency 
on the date of purchase.  Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency 
(including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or 
loss. 
Other Notes 
A description of the principal U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. Holders of any other type 
of Note that the Issuer may issue under the Programme will be set forth, if required, in the relevant Final Terms 
or a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. Holders are required to report information relating to an interest in the Notes, subject to certain 
exceptions (including an exception for Notes held in accounts maintained by financial institutions in which case 
such accounts may be reportable if maintained by a foreign financial institution).  U.S. Holders are urged to 
consult their tax advisors regarding their information reporting obligations, if any, with respect to their 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Reportable Transaction Reporting 
Under certain U.S. Treasury regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in “reportable transactions” (as defined 
in the regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on IRS Form 8886.  
A reportable transaction includes transactions involving foreign currency losses exceeding a statutory amount.  
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possible obligation to file IRS Form 8886 with 
respect to the ownership or disposition of the Notes, or any related transaction, including without limitation, the 
disposition of any foreign currency received as interest or as proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the 
Notes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Payments of interest and accrued OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition 
of, Notes, payable to a U.S. Holder by a paying agent or other intermediary, may be subject to information 
reporting to the IRS.  In addition, certain U.S. Holders may be subject to backup withholding tax in respect of 
such payments if they do not provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status 
to a paying agent or other intermediary or otherwise comply with the applicable backup withholding 
requirements.

--- Page 336 ---
317
 
 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax.  The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. 
Holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the 
U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS in the manner 
required.  Certain U.S. Holders (including, among others, corporations) are not subject to information reporting 
or backup withholding.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for exemption 
from information reporting and/or backup withholding. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding any filing or reporting requirements that may apply 
to their purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes.  Failure to comply with certain reporting obligations 
could result in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”).  However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes is, 
however, expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain.  It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear.  Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 337 ---
318
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
A fiduciary of a pension, profit-sharing or other employee benefit plan, including entities such as collective 
investment funds, partnerships and separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans, 
that are subject to Title I of ERISA (collectively, “ERISA Plans”), should consider the fiduciary standards of 
ERISA in the context of the ERISA Plan’s particular circumstances before authorizing an investment in the 
Notes.  Accordingly, among other factors, the fiduciary should consider whether the investment would satisfy 
the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA and would be consistent with the documents and 
instruments governing the ERISA Plan, and whether the investment would involve a prohibited transaction 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as plans (including 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans) that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with 
ERISA Plans, “Plans”), from engaging in certain transactions involving “plan assets” with persons who are 
“parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the Code (“Parties in Interest”) with respect 
to the Plan.  A violation of these prohibited transaction rules may result in civil penalties or other liabilities 
under ERISA and/or an excise tax under Section 4975 of the Code for those persons, unless exemptive relief is 
available under an applicable statutory, regulatory or administrative exemption.  Certain employee benefit plans 
and arrangements including those that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain 
church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of 
ERISA) (“Non-ERISA Arrangements”) are not subject to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but may be subject to substantially similar provisions under applicable 
federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws or regulations (“Similar Laws”). 
The acquisition or holding of the Notes by a Plan with respect to which the Bank or a dealer or certain of their 
respective affiliates is or becomes a Party in Interest may constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, unless those Notes are acquired and held pursuant to and in accordance 
with an applicable exemption.  Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide an 
exemption for the purchase and sale of securities where neither the issuer nor any of its affiliates has or exercises 
any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan 
involved in the transaction and the Plan pays no more and receives no less than “adequate consideration” in 
connection with the transaction.  The U.S. Department of Labor has also issued five prohibited transaction class 
exemptions, or “PTCEs”, that may provide exemptive relief if required for direct or indirect prohibited 
transactions that may arise from the purchase or holding of the Notes.  These exemptions are: 
 
PTCE 84-14, an exemption for certain transactions determined or effected by independent qualified 
professional asset managers; 
 
PTCE 90-1, an exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate 
accounts; 
 
PTCE 91-38, an exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds; 
 
PTCE 95-60, an exemption for transactions involving certain insurance company general accounts; and 
 
PTCE 96-23, an exemption for plan asset transactions managed by in-house asset managers. 
There can be no assurance that any of these statutory or class exemptions will be available with respect to 
transactions involving the Notes. 
Unless provided otherwise in a supplement to the Base Prospectus, the Notes will be eligible for purchase by 
Plans.  Any purchaser or transferee (and if the purchaser or transferee is a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, its 
fiduciary or trustee) of Notes (or any interest therein) will be deemed to have represented and warranted by its 
acquisition and holding of the Notes (or any interest therein) that either (1) it is not a Plan and is not acquiring 
or holding the Notes (or any interest therein) on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan, and it is not a Non-
ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law, or (2) its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the 
Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a Non-ERISA Arrangement, will not constitute or 
result in a violation of the provisions of any Similar Law.

--- Page 338 ---
319
 
 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-
exempt prohibited transactions, it is important that fiduciaries or other persons considering purchasing Notes on 
behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement consult with their counsel regarding 
the availability of exemptive relief under any of the PTCEs listed above, the service provider exemption or any 
other applicable exemption, or the potential consequences of any acquisition or holding of Notes under Similar 
Laws, as applicable. 
Each purchaser and holder of a Note (or any interest therein) that is a Plan will be deemed to represent, warrant 
and agree on each day on which such beneficial owner acquires such Note or interest therein through and 
including the date on which it disposes of such Note or interest therein that (i) none of the Issuer, Arrangers, or 
Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (the “Transaction Parties”) is a fiduciary of, or has provided or will 
provide any investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Plan, or to any fiduciary 
or other person investing the assets of the Plan (the “Fiduciary”), in connection with its acquisition of the Notes 
(unless a statutory or administrative exemption applies (all of the applicable conditions of which are satisfied) 
or the transaction is not otherwise prohibited), and (ii) the Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgement 
in evaluating the investment in the Notes. 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee is a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, its 
fiduciary or trustee) of the Notes has exclusive responsibility for ensuring that its purchase, holding and 
subsequent disposition of the Notes does not violate the fiduciary or prohibited transaction rules of ERISA, 
Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable Similar Laws.  The sale of any Notes to any Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement is in no respect a representation by the Bank or any of the Bank’s affiliates or representatives that 
such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Plans or Non-ERISA 
Arrangements generally or any particular Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, or that such an investment is 
appropriate for Plans or Non-ERISA Arrangements generally or any particular Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement.

--- Page 339 ---
320
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 17 December 
2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with any update of the Programme.  Subject to the terms agreed for any 
specific Tranche of Notes, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse any relevant Dealer(s) for certain expenses in 
connection with the issue of a Tranche of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify any relevant Dealer(s) 
against certain liabilities which may be incurred by them in connection therewith. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the 
Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain 
conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the Issue Date.  In this situation, the 
issuance of the Notes may not be completed.  Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making an offer, resale, pledge or transfer of any of the Notes.  References to Notes in this section should, as 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Notes themselves and/or beneficial interests therein. 
Türkiye 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB required for the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme.  Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been 
authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law and related legislation, the Capital 
Markets Law and related regulations.  In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or 
sold outside of Türkiye in accordance with the CMB Approval.  Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has 
authorised the offering, sale and issue of any Notes within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition 
that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) by way of public 
offering or private placement in Türkiye may be engaged in. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665), the BRSA 
decision dated 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye:  (a) in 
the secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a 
currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) in 
both the primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that 
(for each of clauses (a) and (b)) such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks authorised by the BRSA 
or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to the CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through such licensed banks.  As such, Turkish residents should use such banks or licensed brokerage 
institutions while purchasing the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase price through 
such licensed banks. 
An issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) and/or a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) in respect of 
each Tranche of Notes shall be prepared by, and the CMB approval thereof shall be obtained by, the Issuer prior 
to the issue date of each such Tranche of Notes.  The Issuer shall maintain the authorisation and approval of the 
CMB as necessary for the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme.  In particular, in order to issue 
any further Tranche of Notes after 18 April 2025 the Bank will be required to renew its CMB approval which, 
in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period.  Furthermore, until 18 April 2025, if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 18 April 2024 under the 
Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the 
issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes issued and sold following 18 April 2024 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds

--- Page 340 ---
321
 
 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes. 
As per the guidelines published by the CMB on 24 February 2022 with respect to green debt instruments, 
sustainable debt instruments, green lease certificates, sustainable lease certificates, in order to make sustainable 
or green issuances outside of Türkiye, the Issuer is required to obtain a separate approval from the CMB in 
addition to the CMB Approval. In addition to the BRSA and/or CMB Approval, but only to the extent (and in 
the form) required by applicable law, an approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required 
to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the issue date of such Tranche, which date will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The scope of the BRSA and CMB approvals might be amended 
and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time. 
*** 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with 
a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an interest 
from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to 
acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a 
view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, 
represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation 
S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either:  (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is 
outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that it is not formed for the purpose of investing in the Issuer; 
(c) 
that it, and each account for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at last the minimum 
denomination of the Notes; 
(d) 
that it understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities 
from one or more book-entry depositories; 
(e) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Note have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and the Issuer has 
not registered and does not intend to register as an investment company under the Investment Company 
Act and, accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(f) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the expiration of the applicable 
required holding period determined pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act from the later of the last 
Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner 
of such Notes, only (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person 
whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a 
QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance 
with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration 
provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (e) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities 
laws; 
(g) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser or transferee, as applicable, of 
the Notes from it of the resale and transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (g) above, if then 
applicable;

--- Page 341 ---
322
 
 
(h) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(i) 
that it understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Notes represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Note that is a U.S. person and is not a QIB to sell its interest in such Notes, or 
may sell such interest on behalf of such owner.  The Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer 
of an interest in any Rule 144A Global Note to a U.S. person who is not a QIB.  Any purported transfer 
of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note to a purchaser that does not comply with the requirements of 
the transfer restrictions herein will be of no force and effect and will be void; 
(j) 
except as otherwise provided in a supplement to the Base Prospectus, (a) either:  (i) it is not a Plan and 
is not acquiring or holding the Notes (or any interest therein) on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any 
Plan, and it is not a Non-ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law; or (ii) its acquisition, holding 
and subsequent disposition of such Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-
exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case 
of a Non-ERISA Arrangement, will not constitute or result in a violation of Similar Law; and (b) if it is 
a Plan, (i) none of the Transaction Parties is a fiduciary of, or has provided or will provide any 
investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Plan, or to the Fiduciary, in 
connection with its acquisition of the Notes (unless a statutory or administrative exemption applies (all 
of the applicable conditions of which are satisfied) or the transaction is not otherwise prohibited), and 
(ii) the Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgement in evaluating the investment in the Notes.  
Any purported purchase or transfer of such Notes or interests therein that does not comply with the 
foregoing shall be null and void; 
(k) 
to the extent Plans or Non-ERISA Arrangements are prohibited from purchasing a Note or any interest 
therein under a supplement to the Base Prospectus, it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note (or 
any interest therein) it will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, a Plan, 
or a non-ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law.  Any purported purchase or transfer of such Note 
(or interest therein) that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void; 
(l) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING 
SENTENCE.  BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) (“QIB”), PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBs IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
U.S.$200,000 (OR THE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) THAT IS NOT, 
IN EACH CASE, (i) A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A 
DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED 
ISSUERS, (ii) FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER AND (iii) A PLAN 
OR TRUST FUND REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (a)(1)(i)(D), (E) OR (F) OF RULE 144A IF 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PLAN ARE MADE BY THE 
BENEFICIARIES OF THE PLAN; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND, PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED HOLDING PERIOD 
DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE LATER OF 
THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN 
(1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A 
PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR

--- Page 342 ---
323
 
 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT 
TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT 
OF THIS LEGEND.  NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF 
THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THE SECURITY. 
ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) WHICH IS NOT MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH 
HEREIN WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE NULL AND VOID AND WILL NOT 
OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS.  IN 
ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, IN THE EVENT OF A TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) TO A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S THAT IS NOT A QIB, THE ISSUER MAY (A) COMPEL SUCH TRANSFEREE 
TO SELL THIS SECURITY OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO A PERSON WHO (I) IS A U.S. 
PERSON WHO IS A QIB THAT IS OTHERWISE QUALIFIED TO PURCHASE THIS SECURITY 
OR INTEREST HEREIN IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION 
S IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S OR (B) 
COMPEL SUCH TRANSFEREE TO SELL THIS SECURITY OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO A 
PERSON DESIGNATED BY OR ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE 
LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE ORIGINAL TRANSFEREE, 
(Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF OR (Z) THE FAIR MARKET 
VALUE THEREOF.  THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER 
OF THIS SECURITY OR INTEREST HEREIN TO A U.S. PERSON WHO IS NOT A QIB.  EACH 
TRANSFEROR OF THIS SECURITY WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT TO ITS 
TRANSFEREE.  THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND NOR DOES IT INTEND TO 
REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL BE DEEMED BY SUCH PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON WHICH 
THE PURCHASER ACQUIRES THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THROUGH 
AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER DISPOSES OF THIS SECURITY 
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN A SUPPLEMENT 
TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS, (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING OR 
HOLDING THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF OF OR WITH “PLAN 
ASSETS” OF, AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), AN 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE OR ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF 
ERISA OR THE CODE TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, A 
“PLAN”) OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-US PLAN SUBJECT TO FEDERAL 
STATE, LOCAL OR NON-US LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY 
SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”) 
OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY 
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-US PLAN, WILL NOT

--- Page 343 ---
324
 
 
CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAWS, AND (B) IF IT IS A 
PLAN, (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, ARRANGERS, OR DEALERS OR ANY OF THEIR 
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (THE “TRANSACTION PARTIES”) IS A FIDUCIARY OF, OR HAS 
PROVIDED OR WILL PROVIDE ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA TO THE PLAN, OR TO ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON 
INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN (THE “FIDUCIARY”), IN CONNECTION WITH ITS 
ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY (UNLESS A STATUTORY OR ADMINISTRATIVE 
EXEMPTION APPLIES (ALL OF THE APPLICABLE CONDITIONS OF WHICH ARE 
SATISFIED) OR THE TRANSACTION IS NOT OTHERWISE PROHIBITED), AND (II) THE 
FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGEMENT IN EVALUATING THE 
INVESTMENT IN THIS SECURITY.  ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF THIS 
SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE 
FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID. 
THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL HOLDER HEREOF TO CERTIFY 
PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH OWNER IS A QIB. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON).”; 
(m) 
that the Notes in registered form which are registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will bear an 
additional legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, 
AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY 
PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER 
NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY 
AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, 
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY 
TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE 
OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND.  BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.”; 
(n) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the 
Notes), it will do so only (a) (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the

--- Page 344 ---
325
 
 
Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend 
to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT.  THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE 
PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE 
NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and 
(o) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Selling Restrictions 
Türkiye 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB required for the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme.  Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been 
authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law and related legislation, the Capital 
Markets Law and related regulations.  In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or 
sold outside of Türkiye in accordance with the CMB Approval.  Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has 
authorised the offering, sale and issue of any Notes within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition 
that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) by way of public 
offering or private placement in Türkiye may be engaged in. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665), the BRSA 
decision dated 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye:  (a) in 
the secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a 
currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) in 
both the primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that 
(for each of clauses (a) and (b)) such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks authorised by the BRSA 
or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to the CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through such licensed banks.  As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or licensed 
brokerage institutions while purchasing the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase price 
through such licensed banks. 
An issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) and/or a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) in respect of 
each Tranche of Notes shall be prepared by, and the CMB approval thereof shall be obtained by, the Issuer prior 
to the issue date of each such Tranche of Notes.  The Issuer shall maintain the authorisation and approval of the 
CMB as necessary for the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme.  In particular, in order to issue 
any further Tranche of Notes after 18 April 2025 the Bank will be required to renew its CMB approval which, 
in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period.  Furthermore, until 18 April 2025, if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 18 April 2024 under the 
Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the 
issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes issued and sold following 18 April 2024 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds

--- Page 345 ---
326
 
 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes.   
As per the guidelines published by the CMB on 24 February 2022 with respect to green debt instruments, 
sustainable debt instruments, green lease certificates, sustainable lease certificates, in order to make sustainable 
or green issuances outside of Türkiye, the Issuer is required to obtain a separate approval from the CMB in 
addition to the CMB Approval. In addition to the BRSA and/or CMB Approval, but only to the extent (and in 
the form) required by applicable law, an approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required 
to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the issue date of such Tranche, which date will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The scope of the BRSA and CMB approvals might be amended 
and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”), 
each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used 
in the two preceding paragraphs have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this discussion have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, 
including the D Rules (as defined below). 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms each Dealer will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree) that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any substantially 
identical successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially 
identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(the “D Rules”), (i) that it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer or 
sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, and (ii) that it has not delivered and it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions 
Definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that such Notes 
may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with their 
original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with 
the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any substantially identical

--- Page 346 ---
327
 
 
successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially identical 
successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations 
and agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate’s behalf; and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any substantially identical successor United States Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) that purchases any Bearer Notes from it pursuant to a 
written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is another Dealer), 
for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such 
distributor’s agreement to comply with, the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this 
paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes 
is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other 
currency).  To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of 
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by 
such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
EEA 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each

--- Page 347 ---
328
 
 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 348 ---
329
 
 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or delivered or will 
offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes to any person for reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) in contravention of any applicable laws. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed

--- Page 349 ---
330
 
 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1,2 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure 
or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree that the Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in Notes.  The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to 
admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in

--- Page 350 ---
331
 
 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 351 ---
332
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Bank is registered at the Istanbul Trade Registry under number 32736.  It has its principal office at Yapı 
Kredi Plaza, D Blok, Levent 34330 Istanbul, Republic of Türkiye.  Its telephone number is +90 212 339 7011 
and its website is https://yapikredi.com.tr. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 25 July 2013, 4 September 2013, 27 November 2013, 10 February 2014, 
26 February 2015, 25 February 2016, 22 February 2017, 26 February 2018, 20 February 2019, 20 February 
2020, 24 February 2021, 19 January 2022, 21 December 2022 and 27 December 2023. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the MIFID II. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme to the Official 
List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the term of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection on the 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/detail/MTN-
Programme/34/1720/0. 
(a) 
the articles of association (an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a 
regulated market in the EEA or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered 
in (i) the EEAand/or (ii) the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be, will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will 
also be available on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records.  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in book-
entry form by DTC.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels.  The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America.

--- Page 352 ---
333
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
For Notes to be issued to one or more Dealers, the price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions.  For Notes to be issued to one or more investors purchasing Notes directly from the Issuer, 
the price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer, based on prevailing market conditions, or by agreement between the Issuer and the relevant investor(s). 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of either the Bank or the Group 
since 30 September 2024. 
Save for the impact of the Interim BRSA Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference herein), 
there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of either the Bank or the Group 
since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed on page 219 under the title “Legal Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Bank is aware), which may have, or have had, during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the Group’s consolidated financial position or profitability. 
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been audited and 
issued by PwC, without qualification as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 in accordance with the “Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks” published by the BRSA 
in the Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 2 April 2015 and the Standards on Independent Auditing that are part 
of the Turkish Auditing Standards promulgated by the POA. See the English convenience translations of the 
relevant PwC reports, as incorporated by reference herein. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2023 (with 
30 September 2022 comparatives) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been reviewed in 
accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim Financial 
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.  With respect to the Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2023, PwC has reported that it applied 
limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information; however, its 
reports state that it did not audit and does not express an opinion on such interim financial information. See the 
English convenience translations of the relevant PwC reports,  as incorporated by reference herein. 
Pursuant to the rotation practice set out in Article 400(2) of the Turkish Commercial Code as well as all other 
obligations required for the auditors under the Capital Markets Law, relevant regulation of the BRSA and other 
applicable regulations; the Bank is required to rotate its external auditors every seven years.  In compliance with 
this requirement, EY was appointed as the Bank’s independent auditor for the financial year ending 31 
December 2024 at the Bank’s General Shareholders’ Meeting on 29 March 2024. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2024 (with 
30 September 2023 comparatives), incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been reviewed by 
EY, independent auditors, as stated in their report incorporated by reference herein. 
EY is authorised by the CMB, BRSA, Insurance and Private Pension Regulation and Supervision Authority 
(IPRSA), Energy Market Regulatory Authority and Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standard 
Authority Board to conduct independent audits. The Bank’s financial statements are prepared on a quarterly 
basis, semi-annual and annual basis in accordance with the BRSA Principles.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment

--- Page 353 ---
334
 
 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities.  Certain of the Dealers, the 
Arrangers and their respective affiliates may have performed investment banking and advisory services for the 
Issuer and its affiliates from time to time for which they may have received fees, expenses, reimbursements 
and/or other compensation.  The Dealers or their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in 
transactions with and perform advisory and other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of their business.  Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative 
transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates, including in relation to the hedging of the Notes.  Certain of the 
Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to the Issuer and/or 
other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates.  The Arrangers, certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, the Arrangers, such Dealers and their respective affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  The Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
Foreign Text 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms may be cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.

--- Page 354 ---
335
 
 
APPENDIX 1

--- Page 355 ---
336
 
 
OVERVIEW OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND BRSA ACCOUNTING 
PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Principles differ from IFRS.  Such differences are primarily related to the presentation of financial 
statements, disclosure requirements (e.g., IFRS 7) and certain accounting policies.  BRSA presentation and 
disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant regulations and do not always meet IFRS or IAS 34 
standards. 
Other than as disclosed in this Appendix 1, there are no significant departures between the accounting or auditing 
standards under the BRSA Principals or auditing standards applicable to the BRSA Financial Statements on the 
one hand, and IFRS and auditing principles applicable under the International Standards on Auditing on the 
other hand. 
Among the differences in accounting policies some of the most important are: 
Consolidation and equity accounting 
Only financial sector subsidiaries and associates are consolidated and equity accounted, respectively, under 
BRSA Principles, others are carried at cost or fair value. 
Application period for hyperinflationary accounting 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under TFRS and the 
corresponding International Accounting Standards 29 (“IAS 29”) under IFRS, the financial statements of 
entities whose functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of 
changes in a general price index.  Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation 
is deemed to arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive guidelines as to when restatement of 
financial statements becomes necessary.  These guidelines include, among other considerations, a quantitative 
characteristic verifying if the three-year cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%.  In March 2022, 
the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality (“IPTF”), which monitors countries 
experiencing high inflation, categorized Türkiye as a country with three-year cumulative inflation rate greater 
than 100% as of 28 February 2022.  Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 
29 to their financial statements for periods ending on and after June 30, 2022. 
However, on 20 January 2022, the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (“POA”) 
had stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any adjustments in their financial statements for 
2021 within the scope of TAS 29.  Therefore, despite high levels of inflation in Türkiye in 2021, 2022 and the 
nine months ended 30 September 2023, inflation adjustments for such periods have not been applied on the 
BRSA Financial Statements included in the Base Prospectus, in accordance with TAS 29. 
Subsequently, on 23 November 2023, the POA announced that Turkish companies reporting under TFRS should 
begin implementing TAS 29, and adjusting their financial statements for inflation, for periods ending on and 
after 31 December 2023, subject to alternative timelines being set by applicable regulatory and auditing entities 
such as the BRSA and the CMB, with adjustments also applied to all periods presented in the financial 
statements.  On 12 December 2023, the BRSA announced that the financial statements of banks and financial 
leasing, factoring, financing, savings financing, and asset management companies as of 31 December 2023 will 
not be subject to the inflation adjustment required under TAS 29.   
On 11 January 2024, the BRSA announced that such entities, including the Bank, will be required to implement 
inflation accounting and will be required to adjust historical periods presented in financial statements for all 
periods starting on or after 1 January 2025. However, on 5 December 2024, the BRSA announced the reversal 
of such position so that such entities, including the Bank, will not apply inflation accounting in 2025 either. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the BRSA has not announced an alternative timeline for the 
implementation of TAS 29.The Bank closely monitors the application of TAS 29 but cannot predict if or when 
TAS 29 will be applied by the BRSA under the BRSA Principles and therefore cannot predict the impact that 
the application of TAS 29 and related adjustments and reclassifications will have on its future financial 
statements, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 356 ---
337
 
 
As a result, financial statements complying with the BRSA Principles currently materially differ from those 
complying with IFRS in the application of adjustments for the effects of changes in a general price index and 
will continue to materially differ until such time as the BRSA implements TAS 29 or IAS 29 is no longer 
applicable under IFRS. 
See also “Risk Factors—The Group’s BRSA Financial Statements were prepared under standards applicable 
to banks in Türkiye and not prepared under IFRS” in the Base Prospectus. 
Related Party Disclosures 
Related party transactions and balances are disclosed in IFRS based on the definition provided in IAS 24, 
whereas in BRSA such disclosures are based on “risk group” as defined in the Banking Law. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to 
consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing factoring and leasing services which are subject to specific 
BRSA policies/requirements.

--- Page 357 ---
ISSUER 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok 
Levent 34330 Istanbul, 
Republic of Türkiye 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
Standard Chartered Bank 
One Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
2453 Luxembourg 
TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch 
240 Greenwich Street

--- Page 358 ---
New York, NY 10286 
United States 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and United States law 
To the Issuer as to Turkish law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
GKC Partners 
Ferko Signature 
Büyükdere Caddesi No:  175 Kat:  10 
34394 Levent, İstanbul 
Republic of Türkiye 
To the Dealers as to English and United States law 
To the Dealers as to Turkish law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Gedik & Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
River Plaza, Kat 17 
Büyükdere Cad., Bakar Sok. No. 13 
TR-34394 Levent Istanbul 
Republic of Türkiye 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
PREDECESSOR INDEPENDENT AUDITOR TO THE BANK 
PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
Kılıçali Paşa Mah. Meclis-i Mebusan Cad 
No:  8 İç Kapı No:  301 Beyoğlu İstanbul 
Türkiye 
CURRENT INDEPENDENT AUDITOR TO THE BANK 
Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest 
Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi 
Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza No:  27 Kat:  2-3-4 
Daire:  54-57-59 34485 
Sarıyer, İstanbul, Türkiye