--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
OFFERINGS UNDER THE PROGRAMME ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
EITHER (1) QIBS (AS DEFINED BELOW) UNDER RULE 144A OR (2) PERSONS OTHER THAN 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OUTSIDE OF THE U.S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, accessing 
or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by 
the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information 
from the Bank as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR 
SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
SECURITIES OFFERED UNDER THE PROGRAMME HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (“REGULATION S”) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN 
PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO 
PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES OFFERED THEREUNDER. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus, investors must be 
either (1) Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIBs”) (within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the 
Securities Act) or (2) persons other than U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside of the U.S. This 
Base Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, 
you shall be deemed to have represented to the Bank that (1) you and any customers you represent are either 
(a) QIBs or (b) outside of the U.S. and that the electronic mail address that you gave the Bank and to which 
this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the U.S. and (2) that you consent to delivery of such Base 
Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver or disclose the 
contents of this Base Prospectus to any other person. 
The materials relating to the Programme do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently, none of BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities 
plc, Merrill Lynch International, MUFG Securities EMEA plc, Société Générale, Standard Chartered Bank, 
and UniCredit Bank GmbH, as Dealers, or any person who controls any of them, nor any director, officer, 
employee nor agent of any of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility 
whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format 
and the hard copy version available to you on request from any of the Dealers.

--- Page 2 ---
You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at 
your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other 
items of a destructive nature. 
This Base Prospectus is being distributed only to and directed only at (i) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of The Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”), (ii) high net worth bodies corporate 
falling within Article 49(2) of the Order and (iii) those persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be 
distributed (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This Base Prospectus is 
directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant 
persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only to 
relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
U.S.$11,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$11,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., a Turkish banking institution organised as a 
public joint stock company (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$11,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Group and the Programme” and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an on-going basis, and/or (b) one or more investors purchasing Notes directly from the Issuer. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws 
and may not be offered or sold in the United States to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“U.S. person”) except to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) in a transaction 
satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A unless another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be 
issued.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) (the “Regulated Market”) or on 
another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MIFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the 
Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board of Türkiye (the “CMB”), in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital Markets 
Law”) of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) relating to capital markets, for the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of Türkiye. No Tranche (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes can be sold before the necessary approvals and an approved issuance certificate in respect of such Tranche are obtained 
from the CMB. The CMB approval and the issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) relating to the issuance of Notes based upon which any offering of the Notes will be 
conducted was obtained on 27 April 2023 by the CMB letter dated 28 April 2023 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-36688 (the “CMB Approval”), and a written 
approval (which may be in the form of a tranche issuance certificate) will be obtained from the CMB before any sale and issuance of the Notes. In order to issue any 
further tranche of Notes after 27 April 2024, the Bank will be required to renew its CMB Approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-
year period. Furthermore, until 27 April 2024, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 under the Programme 
exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation (as defined in 
“The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds U.S.$2,000,000,000, 
the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of such Notes. A separate approval is required from the 
CMB to make sustainable or green issuances outside of Türkiye. The Bank obtained such approval for sustainable issuances on 27 April 2023 by the CMB letter dated 
28 April 2023 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-36688 (the “CMB Approval for Sustainable Isssuance”), but would require additional approval for green 
issuances outside of Türkiye. In order to issue any further tranche of Sustainable Notes (as defined below) after 27 April 2024, the Bank will be required to renew such 
approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 27 April 2024, the Bank will be required to obtain a new 
CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further Sustainable Notes if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Sustainable Notes issued and sold 
following 27 April 2023 under the Programme would exceed U.S.$3,000,000,000 with such further issue of Sustainable Notes, and, additionally, the Bank will be 
required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further Sustainable Notes that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all such Sustainable Notes issued 
and sold following 27 April 2023 would exceed U.S.$1,500,000,000, with such further issue of Sustainable Notes. 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax may apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation – Certain Turkish Tax Considerations”. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Copies of such Final Terms will also be published on Euronext Dublin’s 
website at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
The Programme has been rated B- by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and B3 by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (“Moody’s” and, together with Fitch, the 
“Rating Agencies”).  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”).  Fitch is not established in the EEA, but the rating it has given to the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such, 
each of Moody’s and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Fitch is a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Moody’s is not established in the UK, but the rating it has given to the

--- Page 4 ---
Programme is endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, ratings issued by each of Fitch and Moody’s may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by either Fitch or Moody’s or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Fitch or 
Moody’s, as the case may be. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, SOFR or TLREF (each as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) the administrator of EURIBOR, European Money Markets Institute, is 
included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), and (ii) the administrator of 
SOFR and the administrator of TLREF are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, (i) under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the administrator of SOFR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”), and (ii) under the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the administrator of TLREF, Borsa İstanbul Index Directorate, are not currently required to 
obtain recognition or endorsement, or to benefit from an equivalence decision. 
Arrangers 
Deutsche Bank 
UniCredit 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs 
International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 December 2023

--- Page 5 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers accept any responsibility for the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme or for any statement inconsistent with this Base 
Prospectus made, or purported to be made, by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the 
Programme. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability that it might otherwise have 
(whether in tort, contract or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such 
information or statements. 
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accept any responsibility for any 
environmental, social and/or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued or makes any representation 
or warranty or gives any assurance as to the suitability of any Notes issued under the Programme the 
proceeds of which (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the financing and/or 
refinancing of loans in the Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined herein), to fulfil any environmental, social 
and/or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio (as defined in “Risk Factors—In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such 
as “Green”, “Social” and “Sustainable” Notes, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an 
amount equal thereto) might not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria”), any verification of whether the Eligible Loan Portfolio meets any eligibility 
criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework (as referred to in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section of this Base Prospectus) nor are they responsible for the impact or monitoring of the use of the 
net proceeds of any such Notes (or amounts equal thereto). The Issuer's Sustainable Finance 
Framework, the Second Party Opinion (each as referred to in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Use of Proceeds” below) and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the 
application 
of 
proceeds 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/list-document/Sustainable-
Bonds/571/0/0 but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into, or form part 
of, this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation as to the suitability or content of such materials. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or 
any affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be 
deemed to be made by that Dealer or its affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers.

--- Page 6 ---
(ii) 
 
 
This Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (i) are not intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and (ii) should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus and make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither this Base Prospectus nor the relevant Final Terms 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued 
under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates shall be responsible for any act or omission of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes 
thereunder. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms may not be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, the Republic of Türkiye, the People’s Republic of 
China (“PRC”), Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by

--- Page 7 ---
(iii) 
 
 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs (as defined under “Form of the Notes”) for informational use solely in connection with the consideration 
of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United 
States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any 
of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) or any 
other applicable exemption. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and 
sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the 
registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 8 ---
(iv) 
 
 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or 
purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form 
of the Notes”. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing 
authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Potential investors that are U.S. persons should note that the issue date for a Tranche of Notes may be more 
than two relevant business days (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+2”) following the trade date of 
such Notes. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), of 
the United States, a trade in the United States in the secondary market generally is required to settle in two 
business days unless otherwise expressly agreed to by the parties at the time of the transaction. Accordingly, 
investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the United States on the trade date relating to such Notes or 
the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will likely settle on a 
settlement cycle longer than T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. In February 2023, Rule 15c6-1 was amended so that, effective as of 28 May 2024, 
such settlement period will be reduced to one business day. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated 
21 December 2021 (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Deed Poll”) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such 
holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a 
reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of 
the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or 
other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the CMB described herein, 
have not been approved or disapproved by any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in 
any other jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the Central Bank of Ireland to the extent 
described herein) approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 9 ---
(v) 
 
 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval and the approved issuance certificate required for the issuance of 
Notes under the Programme. In addition to the CMB Approval and issuance certificate, a tranche issuance 
certificate in respect of each Tranche of Notes shall also be obtained by the Issuer prior to the issue date of 
such Tranche of Notes. In order to issue any further tranche of Notes after 27 April 2024, the Bank will be 
required to renew its CMB approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year 
period. Furthermore, until 27 April 2024, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and 
sold following 27 April 2023 under the Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to 
obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 that meet the 
qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes. The Issuer has also obtained the CMB Approval for Green/Sustainable 
Issuance, which is required to make green/sustainable issuances outside of Türkiye pursuant to the “Green 
Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, and Sustainable Lease Certificates 
Guidelines” published by the CMB on 24 February 2022 (the “CMB Guide on Green or Sustainable Debt 
Instruments”). In order to issue any further tranche of Green/Sustainable Notes after 27 April 2024, the Bank 
will be required to renew such approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-
year period, and for any green issuances would need to seek a separate approval. Furthermore, until 27 April 
2024, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further 
Green/Sustainable Notes if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Green/Sustainable Notes issued and 
sold following 27 April 2023 under the Programme would exceed U.S.$3,000,000,000 with such further issue 
of Green/Sustainable Notes, and, additionally, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior 
to the issuance and sale of any further Green/Sustainable Notes that meet the qualifications specified in the 
Equity Regulation and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of all such Green/Sustainable Notes issued and sold following 27 
April 2023 would exceed U.S.$1,500,000,000, with such further issue of Green/Sustainable Notes. The Issuer 
shall obtain all authorisations and approvals of the CMB necessary for the offer, sale and issue of each 
Tranche of Notes under the Programme, prior to such issue. Consequently, the scope of the above-mentioned 
CMB Approval may be amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA may be obtained 
from time to time. Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has 
been authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish 
Currency (as amended from time to time, “Decree 32”), the Banking Act numbered 5411 (the “Banking 
Law”) and its related legislation, the Capital Markets Law and Communiqué VII-128.8 on Debt Instruments 
(the “Communiqué on Debt Instruments”) or its related regulation.

--- Page 10 ---
(vi) 
 
 
In addition, the CMB introduced an amendment to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments on 18 February 
2017 pursuant to which the Issuer is required to apply to the CMB through an electronic application platform 
before each sale and issuance of Notes to obtain the CMB's approval in respect of each Tranche of Notes. 
However, since the electronic application platform is yet to be established by the CMB as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, a written approval for each Tranche of Notes shall be obtained by the Issuer prior to the issue 
date of such Tranche of Notes. 
In addition, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of Türkiye in 
accordance with the CMB Approval. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has authorised the offering, sale 
and issue of any Notes on the condition that no sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may 
be made by way of public offering or private placement in Türkiye. For more information, see “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Türkiye”. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Issuer is required under Turkish law to notify the 
Central Registry Agency (Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu) within three Turkish business days from the issue date of 
any Notes of the amount, issue date, ISIN, first payment date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the 
custodian, currency of the Notes and the country of issuance.

--- Page 11 ---
(vii) 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The Bank maintains its books and prepares its statutory financial statements in Turkish Lira in accordance 
with the prevailing accounting principles and standards set out as per Articles 37 and 38 of the Banking Law 
effective from 1 November 2005, the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102) (the “Turkish Commercial 
Code”) and Turkish tax legislation and other regulations, circulars, communiqués and pronouncements in 
respect of accounting and financial reporting and pronouncements made by the Banking Regulation and 
Supervision Agency (the “BRSA”) (collectively, the “BRSA Principles”). 
The Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 (the “Annual BRSA Financial Statements”) have been prepared 
and presented in accordance with the “Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding Banks’ 
Accounting Applications and Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 
1 November 2006 by the BRSA and other regulations on accounting records of banks published by the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Board and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA and 
“Turkish Accounting Standards” (“TAS”) and “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” (“TFRS”) issued by 
the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (“POA”) for those matters not regulated 
by the aforementioned regulations. 
The unaudited interim consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements as of and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 comparatives for the statement of income) and as 
of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 (together, “the Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements”) have been reviewed in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, 
“Limited Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. The 
Interim BRSA Financial Statements and the Annual BRSA Financial Statements are referred to together in 
this Base Prospectus as the “BRSA Financial Statements”. 
See convenience translations into English of the relevant PwC (as defined below) reports incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The format and the details of the publicly announced financial statements and related disclosures to these 
statements have been prepared in accordance with the “Communiqué Related to Publicly Announced 
Financial Statements of Banks and Explanations and Notes Related to these Financial Statements” and 
changes and notes to this communiqué published in the Official Gazette No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012. It is 
important to note that the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements are prepared with inclusion of only 
financial subsidiaries whereas other equity participations are included as noted in the following paragraph. 
The Bank’s foreign affiliates maintain their books of account and prepare their financial statements in 
accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles and the related legislation applicable in the 
countries in which they operate, however in order to provide fair presentation according to TAS, necessary 
adjustments and reclassifications are reflected to those financial statements. 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under TFRS, the financial 
statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for 
the effects of changes in a general price index.  
Due to rising inflation rates in Türkiye, companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their 
financial statements for periods ending on and after June 30, 2022. However, on 20 January 2022, the POA 
had stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any adjustments in their financial statements 
for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. 
Subsequently, on 23 November 2023, the POA announced that Turkish companies reporting under TFRS 
should begin implementing TAS 29, and adjusting their financial statements for inflation, for periods ending 
on and after 31 December 2023, subject to alternative timelines being set by applicable regulatory and 
auditing entities such as the BRSA and the CMB, with adjustments also applied to all periods presented in the 
financial statements. On 12 December 2023, the BRSA announced that the financial statements of banks and 
financial leasing, factoring, financing, savings financing, and asset management companies as of 31 December 
2023 will not be subject to the inflation adjustment required under TAS 29. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the BRSA has not announced an alternative timeline for the implementation of TAS 29.

--- Page 12 ---
(viii) 
 
 
As a result, the Bank has not applied the requirements of TAS 29 in the BRSA Financial Statements. The 
Bank will continue to act in accordance with the BRSA Principles. 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared on a historical cost basis that were restated for the changes in 
the general purchasing power of TL until 31 December 2004 except for: financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, derivative financial assets/liabilities and art objects, paintings and buildings in 
tangible assets. The carrying values of financial assets carried at amortised cost but subject to fair value hedge 
are adjusted to reflect the fair value changes related to the hedged risks. 
Despite high levels of inflation in Türkiye in 2021, 2022 and the nine months ended 30 September 2023, 
inflation adjustments for such periods have not been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements herein, in 
accordance with TAS 29. The Bank will continue to act in accordance with the BRSA Principles and would be 
required to implement TAS 29 if and when it is applied by the BRSA. 
Associates, subsidiaries and joint ventures are being carried at the equity method in the unconsolidated 
financial statements of the Bank starting from 30 June 2015. Any valuation differences arising from prior 
years are recorded as “marketable securities valuation differences” under equity and any valuation differences 
arising from current years are recorded in the income statement. This accounting policy change was performed 
through an early adoption before the effective date of 1 January 2016 in accordance with the change of 
“Standard on Stand-alone Financial Statement (TAS 27)” numbered 29321 on 9 April 2015 and confirmation 
by the BRSA’s letter numbered 10686 on 14 July 2015. 
The Bank appointed PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited) (“PwC”) as its independent auditor effective as of 1 January 
2017 and for a term of three years. The Bank renewed PwC’s appointment as independent auditor for 
additional terms of one year each, effective 1 January 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
Pursuant to the rotation practice set out in Article 400(2) of the Turkish Commercial Code as well as all other 
obligations required for the auditors under the Capital Markets Law, relevant regulation of the BRSA and 
other applicable regulations; the Bank is required to rotate its external auditors every seven years. In 
compliance with this requirement, PwC, which serves as the Bank's independent auditor through 31 December 
2023, will be replaced by Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member 
firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited) as the independent auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 
2024 after the approval of the first ordinary General Assembly.  
PwC audited and issued auditors’ reports with respect to the annual consolidated BRSA financial statements 
as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 in accordance 
with the “Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks” published by the BRSA in the Official Gazette No. 
29314 dated 2 April 2015 and the Standards on Independent Auditing that are part of the Turkish Auditing 
Standards promulgated by the POA. See convenience translations in English of PwC’s reports incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
References to “BRSA financial data” in this Base Prospectus are to financial data prepared in accordance 
with BRSA Principles. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented herein is based upon the BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference herein and have been extracted from the BRSA Financial Statements 
without material adjustment. The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, all of which are in English, were prepared as convenience translations of the BRSA Financial 
Statements originally issued in the Turkish language (which translations the Bank confirms were direct and 
accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements were not prepared for the purpose of their 
inclusion in this Base Prospectus. 
As the Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements, including in its communications with 
investors, the financial statements included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus have not 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). For a discussion of 
the main differences between the BRSA Financial Statements and IFRS, see “Appendix 1—Overview of 
Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles”.

--- Page 13 ---
(ix) 
 
 
Certain figures included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments (e.g., certain U.S. dollar amounts have been rounded to the nearest million). 
Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for statements and data concerning the Bank and its business are based 
upon best estimates and assumptions of the Bank’s management. Management believes that these assumptions 
are reasonable and that its estimates have been prepared with due care. The data concerning the Bank included 
herein, whether based upon external sources or based upon the Bank’s internal research, constitute the best 
current estimates of the information described. 
The contents of any website referenced herein do not form part of (and are not incorporated into) this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
For the convenience of the reader, certain figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at: 
• 
the rate of TL 27.3767 = U.S.$1.00 as of 30 September 2023, 
• 
the rate of TL 18.6983 = U.S.$1.00 as of 31 December 2022,  
• 
the rate of TL 12.9775 = U.S.$1.00 as of 31 December 2021, 
• 
the rate of TL 7.3405 = U.S.$1.00 as of 31 December 2020, 
• 
the average rate of TL 22.1887 = U.S.$1.00 for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, 
• 
the average rate of TL 15.8622 = U.S.$1.00 for the nine months ended 30 September 2022, 
• 
the average rate of TL 16.5516 = U.S.$1.00 for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
• 
the average rate of TL 8.8557 = U.S.$1.00 for the year ended 31 December 2021, and 
• 
the average rate of TL 7.0034 = U.S.$1.00 for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
each of which corresponds with the Bank’s published exchange rate as of such date as disclosed in the BRSA 
Financial Statements, or with the average of the Bank’s published exchange rate for such period, as 
applicable. Such translations should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been or 
could have been converted into U.S. dollars at any particular rate or at all. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Group’s consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements presented in accordance 
with BRSA Principles, the Group uses certain ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus that would 
be considered non-GAAP financial measures (including through incorporation by reference)  or “alternative 
performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines provide 
that an APM is understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial 
position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting 
framework.” The ESMA Guidelines also note that they do not apply to APMs “disclosed in accordance with 
applicable legislation, other than the applicable financial reporting framework, that sets out specific 
requirements governing the determination of such measures.” 
Any APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not in accordance with or an alternative to measures prepared 
in accordance with BRSA Principles and may be different from similarly titled measures used by other 
companies. The Bank’s management believes that this information, when considered in conjunction with 
measures reported under the BRSA Principles, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring 
the organic operating performance in the periods presented and enhances investors’ overall understanding of 
the Group’s financial performance. In addition, these measures are used in internal management of the Group, 
along with the most directly comparable financial measures reported under BRSA Principles, in measuring the 
Group’s performance and comparing it to the performance of its competitors. In addition, because the Group 
has historically reported certain APMs to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of 
APMs in this Base Prospectus provides consistency in the Group’s financial reporting and thus improves 
investors’ ability to assess the Group’s trends and performance over multiple periods. APMs should not be 
considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with BRSA 
Principles. APMs as reported by the Group may not be comparable to similarly titled amounts reported by 
other companies.

--- Page 14 ---
(x) 
 
 
For the Group, measures that might be considered to be APMs in this Base Prospectus (including pursuant to 
any supplement hereto) (and that are not defined or specified by the BRSA Principles or any other legislation 
applicable to the Group) include (without limitation) the following (such terms being used in this Base 
Prospectus as defined below): 
Cost to average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the total operating expenses excluding 
insurance expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by 
multiplying the result by 12 divided by the number of months in such period. 
Cost-to-income ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the cost, which is the total operating expenses 
excluding insurance expenses, for such period as a percentage of (b) the income, which is calculated 
as the total operating income for such period plus profit/loss from associates accounted for using the 
equity method and minus insurance expenses for such period. 
Net interest margin: For a particular period, this is: (a) the Bank-only net interest income (excluding 
interest from the Central Bank on reserves held thereat) for such period as a percentage of (b) the 
Bank-only average interest-earning assets (excluding reserves held at the Central Bank). When 
determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by 
multiplying the result by 12 divided by the number of months in such period. 
Non-performing loan ratio (“NPL ratio"): As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the aggregate amount of cash loans and receivables (performing) and the NPLs 
as of such date. Where the NPL ratio is referenced solely with respect to a category of loans (e.g., the 
NPL ratio of small medium enterprise (“SME”) loans), then this ratio is calculated solely with respect 
to such category of loans. 
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net income 
(when calculated for the Group, excluding minority shares) for such period as a percentage of (b) the 
average shareholders’ equity (determined on a quarterly basis and, when calculated for the Group, 
excluding minority shares) for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this 
is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 12 divided by the number of months 
in such period. 
Return on Assets:  For a particular period, this is: (a) net profit from continuing operations, divided 
by (b) the average of (i) total assets at the end of the period and (ii) total assets at the beginning of 
the period. 
 
Net cost of risk: For a particular period, this is: (a) expected credit losses, minus (b) collections 
including specific provision reversals, and minus (c) expected credit loss hedging, all divided by (d) 
total gross loans. 
 
Stage 2 loans to performing loans ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 2 loans as of such 
date as a percentage of (b) the aggregate amount of cash loans and receivables (performing) as of 
such date. 
Total securities portfolio: As of a particular date, this is the sum of: (a) the financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss, (b) the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
and (c) the other financial assets measured at amortised cost as of such date. 
Total Stage 3 coverage ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the sum of the expected credit losses 
for Stage 1 assets, Stage 2 assets and Stage 3 assets as of such date as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as 
of such date. 
Fees divided by operating costs: As of a particular date, this is: (a) net fee and commission income as 
of such date as a percentage of (b) the sum of other operating expenses and personnel expenses, as 
adjusted with the subtraction of pension fund provision expenses, each as of such date.

--- Page 15 ---
(xi) 
 
 
For any annualised figures calculated for a year, there can be no guarantee, and the Bank does not represent or 
predict, that actual results for the full year will equal or exceed the annualised figure and actual results might 
vary materially. 
Reconciliations for certain items listed above (to the extent that any of such items are APMs) to the applicable 
financial statements are not included as they are not required by the ESMA Guidelines in these circumstances, 
including as a result of Article 29 thereof where the items described in the APM are directly identifiable from 
the financial statements (e.g., where an applicable APM is merely a calculation of one item in the financial 
statements as a percentage of another item in the financial statements). 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used in the calculations of the terms defined above 
(such terms being used in this Base Prospectus as they are defined below except to the extent specifically 
stated otherwise): 
Average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is, for the purpose of the calculation of 
“net interest margin,” the sum of the quarterly averages of loans and receivables (performing), total 
securities portfolio, banks and money market placements calculated, for each such item, by averaging 
the amount of such item as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such 
period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-
end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable). 
Average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the amount of 
shareholders’ equity (when calculated for the Group, excluding minority shares) as of the balance 
sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 
December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 March, 30 June, 30 
September and 31 December, as applicable) or year-end date, as applicable. 
Average total assets: For a particular period, this is calculated by averaging the amount of total assets 
as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any 
calendar year, 31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date (i.e., 31 
March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, as applicable) or year-end date, as applicable. 
Investment securities portfolio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income as of such date plus (b) the financial assets measured at 
amortised cost as of such date. 
Total operating income: For a particular period, this is the gross profit from operating activities for 
such period minus the personnel expenses for such period.  
Expected credit losses are calculated based upon a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (the present 
value of all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial asset. A cash shortfall is the difference 
between the cash flows that are due based upon the contract and the cash flows that are expected to be 
received. The calculation of expected credit losses per each stage is summarised below: 
Stage 1: 12-month expected credit loss represents the expected credit losses that result from default 
events on a financial asset that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date and are 
calculated as the portion of lifetime expected credit losses. This 12-month expected credit loss is 
calculated based upon a probability of default realised within 12 months after the reporting date. This 
expected 12-month probability of default is applied on an expected exposure at default, multiplied by 
the loss at a given default rate and discounted with the original effective interest rate. 
Stage 2: When a financial asset has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, an 
allowance for the lifetime expected credit losses is calculated for such financial asset. It is similar to 
the description for Stage 1, but the probability of default and the loss at a given default rate are 
estimated through the life of the financial asset. Estimated cash shortfalls are discounted by using the 
original effective interest rate. 
Stage 3: For financial assets considered to be impaired, the lifetime expected credit losses are 
calculated. This methodology is similar to Stage 2 and the probability of default is taken into account 
as 100%.

--- Page 16 ---
(xii) 
 
 
The Bank’s management believes that these APMs, when considered in conjunction with measures under 
BRSA Principles, enhance investors’ and management’s overall understanding of the Group’s current 
financial performance. In addition, because the Group has historically reported certain APMs to investors, the 
Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of APMs provides consistency in the Group’s financial 
reporting. 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
“Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the Republic of Türkiye; 
 
“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
 
“U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars; 
 
“Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC which, for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special 
Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan; and 
 
“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts in this Base Prospectus are presented in Turkish Lira. 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of 
Information in this Base Prospectus 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Bank” means Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis and “Group” means 
the Bank and its subsidiaries (and with respect to accounting information, its consolidated entities) unless the 
context otherwise requires. 
In this Base Prospectus, any reference to Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s 
competitors has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available 
information. Where third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such 
information has been identified. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced 
and, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been 
omitted that would render the reproduction of this information inaccurate or misleading. Without prejudice to 
the generality of the foregoing statement, third-party information in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be 
reliable, has not been independently verified by the Bank or any other party. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. In particular, but without limitation, the titles of Turkish legislation and the names of Turkish 
institutions referenced herein have been translated from Turkish into English. The translation of these titles 
and names are direct and accurate. 
The Issuer has derived substantially all of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the 
Turkish market and its competitors, which may include estimates or approximations, from publicly available

--- Page 17 ---
(xiii) 
 
 
information, including press releases and filings made under various securities laws. Unless otherwise 
indicated, all data relating to the Turkish banking sector in this Base Prospectus has been obtained from the 
BRSA’s website at www.bddk.org.tr and the Banks’ Association of Türkiye’s website at www.tbb.org.tr and 
all data relating to the Turkish economy, including statistical data, has been obtained from the website of the 
Turkish Statistical Institute (Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.turkstat.gov.tr, the Central Bank 
of the Republic of Türkiye (the “Central Bank” or “CBRT”) website at www.tcmb.gov.tr and the Turkish 
Treasury’s website at www.hazine.gov.tr. Data has been downloaded/observed on various days between the 
months of January 2023 and November 2023 and may be the result of calculations made by the Issuer and 
therefore may not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere. Such websites do not form a 
part of, and are not incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for 
statements and data concerning the Issuer and its business are based on best estimates and assumptions of the 
Issuer’s management. Management believes that these assumptions are reasonable and that its estimates have 
been prepared with due care. The data concerning the Issuer included herein, whether based on external 
sources or based on the Issuer’s management internal research, constitute the best current estimates of the 
information described.  
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, 
although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, may vary from 
source to source. Where information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that 
the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and 
completeness of such information is not guaranteed. 
Certain information under the heading “Book-Entry Clearing Systems” has been extracted from information 
provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant clearing systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Information regarding the Bank’s shareholders (including ownership levels and agreements) in “Overview of 
the Group and the Programme – The Group”, “Business of the Bank” and “Share Capital and Ownership” has 
been based upon public filings and announcements by such shareholders. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through over-allotment or 
otherwise) issue more Notes than have been approved by the CMB.

--- Page 18 ---
(xiv) 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains statements that may be considered to be “forward-looking statements” as that 
term is defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements 
appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, under “Risk 
Factors”, “Use of Proceeds”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations”, “Business of the Bank” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, and include, but are not limited 
to, statements regarding: 
 
strategy and objectives; 
 
trends affecting the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition; 
 
expectations with respect to macroeconomic conditions and financial and currency markets, including 
future developments regarding inflation and foreign exchange rates; 
 
asset portfolios; 
 
loan loss reserve; 
 
capital adequacy; 
 
legal proceedings; 
 
macroeconomic policy, such as with respect to central bank interest rates and central bank policies 
impacting the Bank;  
 
competitive advantages or pressures;  
 
future growth and expansion; 
 
the impact of rating actions; 
 
future regulatory developments in the Turkish banking industry;  
 
the Bank’s exposure to market volatility; and 
 
environmental and social governance goals. 
The forward-looking statements may also be identified by words such as “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, 
“projects”, “intends”, “should”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “probability”, “target”, “goal”, “objective”, “future” or 
similar expressions or variations on such expressions. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and assumptions, see “Risk Factors” for 
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking 
statements. 
You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The Bank does not have any 
intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information, future events or 
matters that may cause the forward-looking events the Bank discusses in this Base Prospectus not to occur or 
to occur in a manner different from what the Bank expects.

--- Page 19 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
Overview of the Group and the Programme ......................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ............................................................................................ 51 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................................. 52 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................... 55 
Book-Entry Clearing Systems ............................................................................................................................ 58 
Applicable Final Terms ...................................................................................................................................... 62 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................... 78 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 122 
Selected Financial Informatıon ......................................................................................................................... 124 
Capitalisation of the Bank ................................................................................................................................ 130 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ........................... 131 
Selected Statistical And Other Information ...................................................................................................... 181 
Business of the Bank ........................................................................................................................................ 192 
Risk Management ............................................................................................................................................. 225 
Management ..................................................................................................................................................... 245 
Share Capital and Ownership ........................................................................................................................... 254 
Related Party Transactions ............................................................................................................................... 256 
Turkish Banking System .................................................................................................................................. 259 
Turkish Regulatory Environment ..................................................................................................................... 261 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................ 301 
Certain ERISA Considerations ......................................................................................................................... 313 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions ........................................................................... 315 
General Information ......................................................................................................................................... 328 
Appendix 1  Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles ............ 331

--- Page 20 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP AND THE PROGRAMME 
Overview of the Bank 
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed 
information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the Financial Statements. Prospective 
investors should see “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain factors that should be considered in 
connection with an investment in the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Overview 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Türkiye. It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking 
Law and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 
September 2023, the Bank was the fourth largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets and ranked fourth 
among private banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) 
with a 15.5% market share among private banks and an 7.6% market share in the overall banking sector 
(compared with a market share of 8.2% as of 31 December 2022, 8.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 8.1% as 
of 31 December 2020), and fourth among private banks in total deposits with a 14.4% market share (compared 
with a market share of 15.1% as of 31 December 2022, 14.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 14.2% as of 31 
December 2020). As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had 796 branches covering all regions of Türkiye 
(which includes one branch in Bahrain). It maintains market leading positions in key segments and products 
supported by its strong franchise, large network and leading brand. The Group is organised into three 
segments: (i) retail banking, (ii) corporate and commercial banking and (iii) private banking and wealth 
management. The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries. The 
Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank held a 13% market share in credit card outstanding volume according to 
the BRSA statistics. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank also had strong positions in mutual funds (with a 
9.2% market share), and non-cash loans (among private banks the Bank held a 19.5% market share, as of 30 
September 2023, according to the BRSA statistics). 
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking. In line with the Bank’s small-ticket focused strategy, the 
shares of retail loans (including of SMEs) reached 65% as of the nine months ended 30 September 2023, on a 
foreign exchange adjusted (“FX adjusted”) term. Retail banking products and services offered to customers 
include card payment systems, consumer loans (including general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), 
commercial installment loans, SME loans, SME banking packages, time and demand deposits, gold banking, 
investment accounts, life and non-life insurance products and payroll services. In addition, the Bank offers 
priveliges to customers who receive their monthly salary or social security institution (“SSI”) payments 
through the Bank. Card payment systems includes the management of products, services, campaigns for 
member merchants as well as the sales and activities for a variety of customer types. The Bank’s “World” 
brand and shopping and marketing platform of the Bank includes card brands known as “Crystal”, “Play”, 
“Adios” and “Taksitçi” that provide services for the Bank’s different segments. Through its private banking 
activities, the Bank serves high net worth customers and delivers investment products to this customer 
segment. Among the products and services offered to Private Banking customers are time deposit products, 
mutual funds, derivative products—such as forwards, futures and options—in domestic and international 
markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, pension plans, insurance products and 
7/24 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services. Also, personal advisory services (for example, with respect to 
art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) are offered within the private banking and wealth 
management activities. Customers are also provided with investment advisory and portfolio management 
services through the Group’s portfolio management and brokerage subsidiaries.  
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for its own account and 
for the account of its customers.

--- Page 21 ---
2 
 
 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye (third largest among 
private banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 796 branches spread throughout Türkiye, 
including one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.3% market share of branches in overall banking sector). 
While the Bank’s branch network covers all regions in Türkiye, as of 30 September 2023, most of the 
branches were in the larger cities, with 69% of the Bank’s branches being located in the ten largest cities 
(including Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and Adana). According to BRSA statistics, the 
Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Türkiye as of 30 September 2023 in terms of branches was 
9.5% compared with 9.5% for 31 December 2022, 9.5% for 31 December 2021 and 9.6% for 31 December 
2020. 
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of Limitless 
Banking channels including 4,892 automatic teller machines (“ATMs”), 100% of which are “advanced” 
ATMs with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye with a 9.4% market share 
according to the Interbank Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 11.6 million customers as of 30 
September 2023, a leading position in mobile banking with 12.5 million customers as of 30 September 2023, 
as well as three award winning call centres, according to the Turkish Banking Association. See “—
Distribution—Limitless Banking”. As of 30 September 2023, the Group had 16,738 employees, of which 
15,584 were employees of the Bank (representing 8.3% market share). This compares to 16,516, 16,313 and 
16,871 employees as of 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 respectively, of which 
15,431, 15,452 and 16,037 were employees of the Bank. Internationally, the Group carries out business 
through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Azerbaijan and a branch in Bahrain. The Group had total assets of TL 
1,678.4 billion (U.S.$61.3 billion) as of 30 September 2023, compared with TL 1,184.2 billion as of 31 
December 2022, TL 780.8 billion as of 31 December 2021 and TL 486.5 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
According to the consolidated Interim BRSA Financial Statements for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2023, the Group had gross profit from operating activities of TL 115,208 million (U.S.$5,192 
million), compared to TL 75,098 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. In prior periods, 
before the Group started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, the Group 
had gross profit from operating activities of TL 109,030 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
TL 35,010 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and TL 25,823 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020. For the period ended 30 September 2023, the Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 27.7% and 
operating cost growth was 131% year-over-year. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s costs divided by 
average assets ratio were 3.0% versus 2.4% as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s fees divided by operating 
costs ratio reached 75% in the period ended 30 September 2023. 
The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth. A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class 
profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
The Group’s net profit was TL 48,703 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 
45.4% for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, compared with TL 52,745 million and 56.6% for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, TL 10,490 million and 19.6% for the year ended 31 December 2021 and TL 
5,080 million and 12.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020. The banking sector’s return on average 
tangible shareholders’ equity was 34.6%, 40.0%, 14.0% and 10.5% for the nine months ended 30 September 
2023 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, according to data 
from the BRSA’s monthly bulletin. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s return on assets ratio was at 4.5%, 
compared to 5.4% as of 31 December 2022, 1.7% as of 31 December 2021 and 1.1% as of 31 December 2020. 
As of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 21.1% (or 19.1% without Temporary Forbearances), 21.3%, 18.7% and 18.2%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis (in this paragraph, figures for 31 December 2022 and thereafter are 
presented taking into account the impact of Temporary Forbearances, except where stated otherwise). As of 
30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank’s common 
equity tier-1 ratio was 17.0% (or 15.3% without Temporary Forbearances), 17.5%, 13.8% and 13.6%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis. On a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 
19.9% (or 17.2% without Temporary Forbearances), 19.9%, 17.6% and 17.2% as of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, while common equity Tier-1 ratios 
were 15.9% (or 13.3% without Temporary Forbearances), 16.3%, 13.02% and 12.8% as of the same dates.

--- Page 22 ---
3 
 
 
The banking sector’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 18.1%, 19.2% and 18.1% as of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. 
Organisation 
The Bank’s operations are carried out through three main segments: (a) retail banking (including credit cards, 
individual banking), (b) corporate banking, and (c) commercial and SME banking. The Bank’s service model 
is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries. 
Principal Shareholder 
The Bank’s controlling shareholder is the Koç Group, which as of 30 September 2023 holds a 61.17% stake. 
Approximatey 39% of the Bank’s shares are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders. See “Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business— The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has 
business with related parties” and “Share Capital and Ownership—Ownership.” 
Key Competitive Advantages 
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages that enable it 
to compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including: 
 
Leading market positions in key segments and products; 
 
Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet; 
 
Large network and leading brand; 
 
Strong commitment to risk management; 
 
Diversified, high quality revenue mix; and 
 
Strong and committed significant shareholder. 
Strategy 
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its goal of becoming a 
leader in the finance sector. The Bank’s mission is to ensure long term sustainable growth and value creation 
for all stakeholders and to become the first choice for customers and employees. 
Principles 
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles: 
 
healthy and consistent growth; 
 
strong and sustainable profitability; and 
 
superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction.

--- Page 23 ---
4 
 
 
The Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identified (LEI): 
B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors, which are material for assessing 
the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme and 
risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors" 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Bank plc 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Merrill Lynch International 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
or such other Dealers as may be appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer or appoint further dealers for a particular Series of Notes. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$11,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme

--- Page 24 ---
5 
 
 
Agreement.  
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the 
United States) public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated and payments in respect of the Notes may be 
made in euro, Renminbi, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Turkish Lira or 
any other currency as set out in the conditions and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, payment in respect of 
Notes denominated in Turkish Lira and may be made in 
U.S. dollars under Condition 7.10 if an irrevocable election to 
receive such payment in U.S. dollars is made. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Condition 7.10”. 
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be 
made in U.S. dollars if RMB Currency Events are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 7.9”.  
Maturities: 
The maturity of the Notes shall be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in accordance with such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, on redemption, will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions  
(each as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), and as amended 
and updated as at the issue date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified in

--- Page 25 ---
6 
 
 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, as applicable, for a Series of Floating Rate 
Notes, subject to certain conditions the Issuer (following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser) or, in the case of 
SOFR, the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate or, in the case of SOFR, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
together, in the case of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, 
with the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 6.4 or, in the case of a 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
a 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and related amendments in accordance 
with Condition 6.3(b). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at the price or prices specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in any denominations save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will not be less than such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
or offered to the public in a member state of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be not less than 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”), imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, after such 
withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts that 
would have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence

--- Page 26 ---
7 
 
 
of the withholding or deduction. See “Taxation – Certain Turkish 
Tax Considerations” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 9”. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA, as 
provided in Condition 7.1 and, in accordance with Condition 9.1, 
no additional amount will be payable by the Issuer in respect of 
any such withholding or deduction. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4. 
Certain Covenants: 
The Issuer will agree to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates. 
Events of Default: 
The Notes will be subject to certain events of default, including 
(among 
others) 
non-payment, 
breach 
of 
obligations, 
cross-acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 11”. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and (subject as provided above) will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ 
rights. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated B- by Fitch and B3 by Moody’s. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme by the relevant 
rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market, however, no assurance 
can be given that such application will be accepted. 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes 
and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the 
Agency Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.

--- Page 27 ---
8 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Türkiye, 
Hong Kong, the PRC, Japan and Singapore, and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes; see “Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S (Category 2) and Rule 144A (if applicable). Bearer 
Notes will be issued in compliance with rules identical to those 
provided 
in: 
(a) U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (“TEFRA 
D”) 
or 
(b) U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (“TEFRA C”) 
such that the Bearer Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under section 4701(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Such rules impose certain additional restrictions on 
transfers of Bearer Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prior to making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should carefully read the entire Base Prospectus.  In addition to the other information 
in this Base Prospectus, prospective investors should carefully consider, in light of their own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, the following risks related to the Group’s Business, Türkiye, the 
Turkish Banking Industry, and the Notes, before making an investment in the Notes.  If any of the following 
risks actually occurs, the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
In addition, factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes 
are also described below.  The Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Notes, but the Bank does not represent that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Risks Related to the Group’s Business 
The Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are affected by general 
economic conditions in Türkiye  
As of 30 September 2023, 95.16% of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s operations were 
in Türkiye. As a result, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily affected by economic 
conditions in Türkiye. Turkish GDP growth has fluctuated in the past several years with GDP growth of 1.9% 
in 2020, 11.4% in 2021, 5.5% in 2022 and 4.7% in the nine months ended 30 September 2023 according to 
TurkStat.  Türkiye’s economic conditions have weakened since 2018 due to a number of macroeconomic 
factors, including the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, volatile interest rates, high inflation and energy prices, 
and an uncertain political environment. Moreover, as an open, emerging economy with a reliance on external 
funding, Türkiye’s economy is significantly impacted by global macroeconomic conditions, particularly those 
that impact emerging markets (including global monetary policies).  In the past several years, global credit 
and capital markets, and the Turkish economy, have been negatively affected by a number of factors, 
including expectations regarding global central banks’ monetary policy, the war in Ukraine, global trade 
conditions and international political relations. More recently, investor’s perceptions of macroeconomic 
policies in Türkiye have also increased volatility in the Turkish economy. 
Weaker economic conditions in Türkiye could adversely impact the Group’s business and operating results as 
a result of: 
 
reduced consumer confidence and decreases in business activity resulting in reduced demand for 
the Group’s loans and fee and commission generating services; 
 
deterioration of creditworthiness of companies and individuals resulting in impairments on assets 
and/or collateral as well as increased levels of non-performing loans (“NPLs”) and amounts of 
loan impairment charges; 
 
reduced, or no, access to capital markets due to unfavourable market conditions increasing 
funding costs and higher liquidity and financing risk; and 
 
lower deposit growth and/or increased competition for deposits leading to higher funding costs. 
Challenging macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye have already impacted the Turkish banking sector in 
several ways including (i) the high and volatile interest rate environment which has impacted the cost of 
funding and lending rates, (ii) negative/slow economic growth and increased inflation which negatively 
impacted the demand and supply for lending and the asset quality of both corporate and retail loans, and (iii) 
volatility in Central Bank policy and the exchange rate which also impacted both the asset quality and capital 
ratios of the Turkish banking sector.  Accordingly, continued weakness in Turkish economic conditions due to 
domestic or international factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
For further discussion of how conditions in Türkiye affect the Group, see “—Risks Related to Türkiye”. 
The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and counterparties 
The Group’s business is subject to inherent risk concerning the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, 
which affects the value of the Group’s assets.  Systemic risks and macroeconomic factors in the Turkish and

--- Page 29 ---
10 
 
 
global financial system discussed above can all impact the credit quality of the Group’s customers and 
counterparties and negatively affect the value of the Group’s assets. 
Despite the volatile economic conditions in Türkiye, the deterioration in NPL ratios that had started in 2017 
has been limited for the Group, due to a combination of factors, including regulatory actions during the 
COVID-19 pandemic (which deferred recognition of NPLs) as well as the Bank’s proactive focus on 
managing its loan book. According to BRSA statistics, the ratio of NPLs to total loans in the Turkish banking 
sector was 4.0% as of 31 December 2020 (compared to 6.2% for the Group), 3.1% as of 31 December 2021 
(compared to 4.6% for the Group), 2.1% as of 31 December 2022 (compared to 3.4% for the Group), and 
1.6% as of 30 September 2023 (compared to 3.2% for the Group).  The Turkish banking sector’s NPL amount 
in TL increased by TL 5.7 million as of 30 September 2023, compared to 31 December 2022, the Group’s 
NPL amount in TL increased by TL 5.7 thousand in the same period, mainly due to limited NPL formation. 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Loan Loss Reserves” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Analysis of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended 
30 September 2023 and 2022—Allowance for Expected Credit Losses”. Nevertheless, the Group expects that 
NPLs will rise in the Turkish banking sector in 2024 following the expiry of the BRSA’s temporary COVID-
19 support measures. For more on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, its impact on macroeconomic 
conditions and supply chains and its possible impact on the credit quality of the Bank’s borrowers and 
counterparties, see “The Group is subject to risks related to natural disasters, pandemics and other 
catastrophies impacting Türkiye that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition”. 
In particular, the Group may be subject to increased credit risk as its business strategy is strongly focused on 
certain segments and lending as higher margin generating asset classes, such as the retail segment, SME loans 
(6% of total loans as of 30 September 2023), general purpose loans (14% of total loans as of 30 September 
2023) and credit cards generally (19% of total loans as of 30 September 2023), as well as on Turkish 
companies and project finance lending. Some of these segments are generally viewed as riskier segments with 
higher NPL levels and could place additional pressure on the asset quality of the Group. As of 30 September 
2023, the ratio of NPLs to total loans in the credit card segment of the Turkish banking sector was 1.1% 
(compared to 1.1% for the Group) and in the commercial instalment loans segment was 2.6% (compared to 
1.8% for the Group). In particular, negative developments in the Turkish economy, including the slowdown of 
GDP growth, high inflation and increased unemployment in Türkiye, could affect consumer and SME 
borrowers more than large corporates, resulting in higher NPL levels and greater provisioning. As of 30 
September 2023, the Group’s restructured loans constituted 6% of the Bank’s aggregate loan portfolio, 
compared to 8% as of 31 December 2022, and the Group’s watch loan ratio was 11.3%, compared to its level 
of 12.3% as at 31 December 2022. 
In addition, the corporate sector may be particularly exposed to foreign exchange risk so far as corporate loans 
are denominated in foreign currencies.  Borrowers under such corporate loans are susceptible to depreciation 
in the Turkish Lira if they do not have adequate foreign currency reserves or hedging, particularly if currency 
issues are compounded by particular macroeconomic factors that impact certain sectors or clients (such as the 
potential combined impact of Turkish Lira depreciation and changing commodity prices).  As such, the 
Group's NPLs could materially increase in the near to medium term, in particular if there is a deterioration in 
macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye. 
The Group also has a substantial portfolio of derivative financial assets, including currency forwards, currency 
and interest rate swaps, options, interest rate cap and floor arrangements and credit default swaps. As of 30 
September 2023, the Group’s total recognised derivatives had a notional value of TL 1,250,075,343 thousand, 
and the fair values of the derivative assets and liabilities were TL 23,648,068 thousand and TL 15,704,218 
thousand, respectively.  The Group is exposed to credit risk with respect to the ability of its counterparties to 
meet their obligations under these derivative financial assets. Furthermore, growth in the Group's loan 
portfolio may lead to an increase in loan to deposit ratios, unless matched by deposit growth.  
Exposure to any or all of these credit risks could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 30 ---
11 
 
 
Loan loss provisions may be insufficient for future credit losses 
The Group’s total loan loss provisions have been increasing in recent years.  Loan loss provisions in the 
Group’s BRSA balance sheet data increased to TL 42,011,175 thousand as of 30 September 2023, from TL 
37,028,518 thousand and TL 30,476,354 thousand as of 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Group 
maintained coverage of gross loans of 4.8% as of 30 September 2023, despite NPL sales and write-offs that 
were fully covered. The Group recorded provisions in its income statement of TL 3,325,921 thousand or 
0.87% (net of collections and excluding foreign currency impact that is fully hedged) of gross loans and 
receivables for the year ended 31 December 2021, TL 8,137,301 thousand or 1.47% (net of collections and 
excluding foreign currency impact that is fully hedged) of gross loans and receivables for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and TL 1,776,445 thousand or 0.31% (net of collections and excluding foreign currency 
impact that is fully hedged) of gross loans and receivables for the nine months ended 30 September 2023.  The 
current level of provisions by the Group may not be sufficient to cover future losses in the future if they 
significantly exceed expectations, which could occur given the significant uncertainty regarding future 
economic conditions, and the Group may have to create significant additional provisions for possible credit 
losses in the future.  Any failure by the Group to monitor and regulate the adequacy of its provisioning levels 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Bank is subject to liquidity and financing risks 
The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk, arising out of mismatches between the maturities of the Bank’s assets 
and liabilities, which together with increased market volatility and changes in general economic conditions, 
may contribute to the Bank not being able to meet its net funding requirements at a reasonable cost, or at all.  
A significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of short-term debt and deposits and the Group has a 
mix of short-, medium- and long-term assets in the form of retail, consumer and corporate loans, mortgages 
and credit cards, which may result in asset-liability maturity gaps and ultimately liquidity problems.  As of 30 
September 2023, deposits comprised 59.99% of the Group’s total liabilities and, of all deposits, 93.05% had 
maturities of three months or less. 
In addition, the Group has increased the portion of its funding raised on the international markets, particularly 
with respect to longer denominated liabilities given the short term nature of its deposit portfolio, and may 
need to access additional wholesale funding in the future to refinance existing liabilities, to balance the 
duration gap of its portfolio and to fund any future growth. As of 30 September 2023, the Group had a total of 
TL 135,714,863 thousand of borrowings from wholesale sources, of which TL 74,270,801 thousand of other 
borrowed funds from foreign sources, and TL 114,537,420 of debt securities in issue, in relation to its 
diversified payment rights (“DPR”) securitisation and issued bonds in local currency. In order to cover the 
maturity mismatch from short-term funding and long-term lending, the Group has raised longer-term funds in 
the form of syndications, securitisations and other loans, almost all of which are denominated in foreign 
currency. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s total foreign currency denominated bank deposits and 
borrowings constituted 16.61% of its consolidated foreign currency liabilities excluding equity and total bank 
deposits and borrowings with maturity of one year or more was 3.58% of total foreign currency liabilities 
excluding equity. The Group may have difficulties extending this type of funding source and such funding 
may become more difficult and costly in the event of further Turkish Lira depreciation or concerns over 
Turkish economic and political conditions (see “—Depreciation of the Turkish Lira adversely impacts the 
Bank’s business, results of operations and financial condition” for a discussion of the impact of such TL 
depreciation on the Group and “—Risks Related to Türkiye”). 
The Group’s liquidity and financing risks may also be adversely affected by increases in interest rates, such as 
the recent increases in interest rates since June 2023.  See “—The Group may be negatively affected by 
volatility in interest rates”. 
The Bank may be unsuccessful in managing its liquidity and maturity profile in the future.  Particularly in 
light of the volatility in the market for emerging market debt, the Bank may have difficulty obtaining 
financing or extending and/or refinancing its existing indebtedness.

--- Page 31 ---
12 
 
 
The Bank is subject to risks in its trading activities 
As part of the Bank’s treasury operations, it trades various securities and derivatives, including debt, equity, 
fixed income, currencies and commodities and related derivatives, as both agent and principal, and it derives a 
portion of its non-interest income from profits earned in such trades. 
The Bank may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such securities and 
derivatives, including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its long or short positions, a 
decline in the market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or foreign 
currency exchange rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Bank 
chooses to hedge certain positions do not track the market value of those positions.  Failure to earn profits or 
incurring losses from trading activities as the result of such risks could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank. 
In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in interest rates. 
As of 30 September 2023, total nominal interest rate swap volume (including cross currency interest rate 
swaps) amounted to TL 532,252,049, out of which TL 88,755,181 were under hedge accounting and thus not 
affected by interest rate fluctuations. Nominal interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s 
control, including monetary policies pursued by the Turkish government (the “Government”) and both 
domestic and international economic and political conditions. 
The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group may also be adversely affected by changes in interest rates.  For example, if interest rates increase, 
the interest on the Group’s liabilities (predominantly short-term) may rise more quickly than on its assets, 
resulting in deteriorating interest margins. 
If the Group is unable for any reason to reprice or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets in response to 
changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities in an expedited or an effective manner as a result of 
economic or other reasons, then the Group’s interest income margins would be adversely affected.  An 
increase in interest rates may reduce the demand for loans from the Group and its ability to originate loans.  In 
addition, higher interest rates increase the Group’s deposit and borrowing costs and the Group may be 
required to seek alternative sources of liquidity and funding, which may only be available at increased cost or 
have limited or no availability. A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect the Group through, 
among other things, increased pre-payments on its loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits.  In 
addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in interest rates, see 
“—The Bank is subject to risks in its trading activities”. 
The Bank monitors interest rate risk from local and foreign currency assets separately. Under its risk 
management framework, the Bank’s foreign currency assets and liabilities are managed to align their 
maturities, taking into account the Bank’s expectations for international interest rate performance. However, 
interest rate risk from local currency assets is more pronounced due to the lag between the repricing of longer 
maturity assets and shorter maturity liabilities.  When interest rates rise, the Group may be adversely affected 
by the repricing lag because its assets will retain lower interest rates as the interest on its liabilities rises 
resulting in an increase in interest expense relative to interest income, reducing margins and the Group’s net 
interest income.  For a description of the Group’s interest rate risk management, see “Risk Management”. 
The period since 2019 has been characterised by a high degree of volatility in interest rates and changes in the 
Central Bank’s policy, as a result of a number of factors, which created pressure on loan and deposit volumes 
and thus on the interest rate environment, as well as increased political volatility in Türkiye, which, among 
other factors, led Fitch, S&P and Moody’s to downgrade Türkiye’s sovereign credit rating in 2022. The 
Rating Agencies identified rising balance of payment pressures and risks of further declines in the country's 
foreign-currency reserves as the rationale for the downgrade. S&P initially lowered Türkiye’s sovereign rating 
outlook from “Stable” to “Negative” in March 2023, citing monetary policy and foreign currency positions, 
but in October 2023, S&P raised the outlook back to “Stable” following the return to more orthodox monetary 
policies following the 2023 elections. In September 2023, Fitch similarly changed Türkiye’s rating outlook 
from “Negative” to “Stable” citing a decrease in uncertainty with the normalisation of monetary policy. In 
August 2023, Moody’s signalled a possible rate upgrade if orthodox policies introduced following the election 
continue and increase. Nevertheless, the current ratings of all three agencies continue to imply high credit and

--- Page 32 ---
13 
 
 
default risks which affect the Bank’s ratings. See “—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.” Since June 
2023, interest rates have increased as monetary policy has normalised. The Central Bank has increased the 
policy rate by 3,150 bps since June 2023. The policy rate reached 40% as of November 2023. 
Interest rates in the loan and bond market were heavily affected by changes in Turkish regulation in 2022 and 
2023. Between January 2022 and June 2023, the Central Bank introduced a number of measures aimed at 
supporting the Turkish Lira without increasing interest rates, such as macroprudential measures requiring 
maintenance of securities for foreign currency deposits, reserve requirements for selected TL-denominated 
commercial cash loans and an FX-protected deposit scheme. In the second half of 2023, the Central Bank 
announced it would simplify these measures and in October 2023 terminated some of the measures for 
maintenance of securities. Regulatory activity may continue to impact interest rates and contribute to 
volatility. 
Accordingly, any volatility in interest rates can significantly affect the Group’s results of operation and 
financial condition.  See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates”. 
The Group’s loans and receivables may be concentrated among its largest borrowers and in certain 
industries 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s loans to and receivables from its 20 largest borrowers or borrower 
groups amounted to TL 112,645 million or 14.29% of its total loans and receivables, as compared with TL 
76,508 million, or 12.62% of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2022, TL 67,592 million, or 
15.21% of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2021 and TL 46,029 million, or 14.51% of its 
total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2020. Any impairment in the ability of one or more of these 
borrowers or borrower groups to service or repay their obligations to the Group could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.  The Banking Act No. 5411, effective from 
1 November 2005 (the “Banking Law”), restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, 
issuance of guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 
25% of its equity capital.  
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s top ten sectors accounted for 78% of the Bank’s gross loans, (including 
individual lending (or 41% excluding individual lending)). A further downturn or slower recovery in any of 
these sectors (particularly the construction and energy sectors, which are more exposed to exchange rate 
volatility), individually or in the aggregate, may adversely affect the financial condition of the companies 
operating in such sectors and may result in, among other things, a decrease of funds that such corporate 
customers hold on deposit with the Bank, a default on their obligations owed to the Bank or a need for the 
Bank to increase its provisions in respect of such obligations.  Similarly, a downturn of any one or more of the 
Bank’s largest customers’ financial positions may have similar effects.  
The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including credit risk, market 
risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” and “Risk Management”. The Group’s risk management strategies and techniques 
may fail to manage risk adequately in some circumstances.  If circumstances arise that the Group has not 
identified or anticipated adequately, or if the security of its risk management systems is compromised, then 
the Group’s losses could be greater than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are 
based upon its use of historical market behaviour, which, as evidenced by events caused by the global 
financial crisis, may not always accurately predict future risk exposures, which could therefore be 
significantly greater than historical measures indicate. 
In particular, the Group may be unable to correctly assess the creditworthiness of credit applicants. The 
increase in the Group’s loan portfolio (including a significant portion of unseasoned loans) has increased the 
Group’s credit exposure and requires continuous improvement to internal monitoring by the Group’s 
management of its lending policies, credit quality and adequacy of provisioning levels through the Group’s

--- Page 33 ---
14 
 
 
risk management programme, particularly in its retail segment (including SMEs). A Turkish centralised credit 
bureau monitors and controls consumer credit information (including credit cards), but it includes only data 
shared by the Group and its competitors in Türkiye, not information from other non-bank entities, such as 
utility companies.  The Group uses internal models and scorecards (which incorporate credit bureau 
information), but the Group is not always independently able to confirm information provided by prospective 
clients and such models and scorecards could prove inadequate.  Any failure of the Group’s risk management 
procedures could also increase the Group’s credit risk.  See "—The Group’s risk management strategies and 
internal controls may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks". 
In addition, assets that are not traded on public trading markets, such as derivative contracts between banks, 
may be assigned values that the Group calculates using mathematical models and the deterioration of assets 
like these could lead to losses that the Group has not anticipated.  If the Group’s measures to assess and 
mitigate risk prove insufficient, then the Group may experience material unexpected losses that could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Depreciation of the Turkish Lira adversely impacts the Bank’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly 
U.S. dollars and euros.  The Bank translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on 
such assets and liabilities, and gains/(losses) realised upon the sale of such assets, to Turkish Lira when 
preparing its financial statements.  As a result, the Group’s reported income is affected by changes in the 
value of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies (primarily the U.S. dollar and euro).  The overall effect of 
exchange rate movements on the Group’s results of operations depends on the rate of depreciation or 
appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. On average, 
management currently estimates that a 10% depreciation of the Turkish Lira results in a negative impact of 
approximately 46 basis points (“bps”) on the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital (“CET1”), 35 bps on the 
Group’s Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, and 30 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio, excluding the 
Temporary Forbearances (as defined in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”) of currency 
devaluation impact on capital calculation. For the nine months ended 30 September 2023, developments in the 
macroeconomic environment (including changes in the value of the Turkish Lira, combined with the impact of 
mark-to-market of available for sale securities) had a negative impact of 141 bps on the Group’s capital 
adequacy ratio, excluding the impacts of regulatory forbearances. In addition, the Group has a portfolio of 
derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies.  
For a description of the Group’s risk management strategies, see “Risk Management”.  
The value of the Turkish currency against the U.S. dollar has been volatile, but mainly negative, over the last 
several years, primarily as a result of uncertainties surrounding the political and economic landscape, both 
globally and in Türkiye. The Turkish Lira depreciated by 46.4%, 44.1%, 76.8% and 23.6% against the U.S. 
dollar, in the nine months ended 30 September 2023 and the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. The exchange rate was TL 27.3767 per U.S. dollar as of 30 September 2023, TL 18.6983 per 
U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2022, TL 12.9775 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2021 and TL 7.3405 per 
U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2020. As of 30 November 2023, volatility in exchange rate continues and the 
exchange rate reached TL 28.86 per U.S. dollar, the highest level since June 2023, implying a 5.4% 
depreciation since the end of September 2023. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Exchange Rates”. 
The Group is exposed to volatility in the securities markets 
The Group has historically generated a significant portion of interest income from its securities portfolio, with 
interest and similar income derived from the Group’s marketable securities portfolio in the nine months ended 
30 September 2023 and the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, accounting for, 37.47%, 39.38%, 24.42%, and 
20.43% respectively, of its total interest income. 
The Bank’s position in certain Government securities in particular, involves a risk that downward movements 
in the price of these securities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. The Group has a substantial portfolio of Government debt securities, 
which amounted to 24% of the Bank’s total interest earning assets as of 30 September 2023. Any default by 
the Government in the payment of its securities held by the Bank would result in direct loss to the Bank. In

--- Page 34 ---
15 
 
 
addition, a default by the Government in making payments on its treasury bills would have a significant 
negative impact on the Turkish economy and the Turkish banking system generally.  
In addition, the contribution of interest income from Turkish government-issued CPI-linked securities (“CPI-
linkers”) to total interest income has increased significantly, and tends to increase especially at times of high 
inflation. A material decline in the returns from the Bank’s trading and investment securities and/or a decline 
in the market value of Government securities could lead to a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's capital adequacy ratio and its ability to obtain funding may be affected by changes to its credit 
ratings and the credit ratings of Türkiye. 
If the Rating Agencies negatively revise current ratings or outlooks for Türkiye, the Bank or the Notes, such 
change could materially adversely affect the trading value of the Notes, the Group's ability to finance its 
operations or the expected expansion of its business going forward. A change in credit rating could adversely 
affect the Bank’s calculation of its capital adequacy ratio. The Bank calculates its capital adequacy ratio 
according to the Capital Adequacy Regulation published by the BRSA, which allows the Bank to use only 
Fitch ratings to calculate the risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes.  See “Management 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital Adequacy”. 
Credit ratings also affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. Rating 
Agencies regularly evaluate the Bank and their ratings of the Bank’s long-term debt are based on a number of 
factors, including its financial strength as well as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally.  
For more on the risks associated with the credit rating assigned to the Notes see “—Risks Related to the Notes 
Generally—Credit ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes”. 
In addition, any downgrade in Türkiye's credit rating would likely have a significant negative impact on the 
Turkish banking sector generally and might have a material adverse effect on the Bank's own rating and its 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  For example, in 2019 and 2022, both Moody’s and 
Fitch downgraded the Bank’s rating or those of its financial products following the downgrade or negative 
review of the Turkish government’s sovereign rating, debt rating or its foreign currency deposit ceiling (S&P 
also downgraded the Bank’s rating in 2019 before the withdrawal of its rating, done at the Bank’s request in 
2020, at which time the outlook on the bank was stable). 
Overall, management expects that Türkiye’s downgrade to below investment grade bond status may have 
medium-term negative implications on key macroeconomic balances. Any future or potential further 
downgrades of the Turkish sovereign rating could negatively affect the Rating Agencies' perception of the 
Bank’s rating.  See “—Risks Related to Türkiye—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects—Increased 
political risks following the coup attempt of July 2016”, for further discussion of the reasons behind Türkiye’s 
sovereign debt rating downgrades and associated affects on the Bank.  See “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of 
Operations—Turkish Economy” for more detail on the Rating Agencies’ rating actions. 
The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related parties 
The Bank is primarily controlled by Koç Holding A.Ş. and its affiliates (the “Koç Group”), one of the largest 
conglomerate groups in Türkiye. The Koç Group owns 61.17% of the Bank’s outstanding shares and the 
approximately 38.83% of the Bank’s shares are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders. 
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş., which was jointly owned 
by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. Between 2019 and 2022, UniCredit S.p.A. sold its stake in the Group 
in a sequence of transactions, including sale of a portion of its shareholdings to the Koç Group. The 
elimination of UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake and change in the Bank’s ownership structure may involve further 
changes to the relationship between the Bank and UniCredit S.p.A.. UniCredit S.p.A. may decide to

--- Page 35 ---
16 
 
 
discontinue its business with the bank or financial or other support for the Bank. On 28 July 2023, Koç 
Holding sold 6.81% of the Bank’s issued share capital to institutional investors through a bookbuild process. 
The Koç Group controls the Group as the controlling shareholder and has the power to appoint board 
members and senior executives of the Bank and determine the outcome of most matters to be decided by 
shareholders’ resolutions.  The interests of the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may differ from those 
of the Bank and its creditors. As a result, the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may prevent the Bank 
from making certain decisions, may take certain actions that would benefit them or may take certain actions 
that fail to protect the interests of the Bank’s other constituencies, including investors in the Notes. The 
Bank’s decisions and actions may prioritise the long-term interests of the Group, rather than the interests of 
the Noteholders. The Bank’s decisions in such cases may negatively affect the Noteholders. 
The Bank believes that the continued involvement of the Koç Group is important in the pursuit and 
implementation of the Bank’s strategy, including providing an important source of business for the Group.  In 
the future the Koç Group may decide not to remain a shareholder or may discontinue its business with the 
Bank or financial or other support for the Bank.  The Bank’s credit rating, business and results of operations 
may be materially adversely affected if the major shareholder ceases to control the Bank.  
The Group may suffer a failure or interruption in, or breach of its information systems 
The Group’s information systems are critical in the normal operation of its business.  Any failure, interruption 
or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in its risk management, general 
ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important systems.  If the Group’s information 
systems failed, even for a short period of time, then it could be unable to serve some or all of its customers’ 
needs on a timely basis and could thereby lose business.  Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Bank’s 
information systems could result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification.  In 
addition, despite its investments in IT infrastructure, failure to update and develop the Group’s existing 
information systems as effectively as its competitors may result in a loss of the competitive advantages that it 
believes its information systems provide.  Although the Group has developed business continuity plans, back-
up systems and a disaster recovery centre, and expects to be able to continue its critical operations through 
branches and digital channels in case of emergency, no assurance can be given that failures will not occur. As 
part of its two year investment strategy, significant investment has been made for disaster recovery and cyber 
security infrastructure, but in case of a disaster, such efforts may be insufficient based on the disaster scenario.  
The Group’s business may be subject to labour disputes  
The Group is exposed to the risk of labour disputes and other industrial actions. In total, as of 30 September 
2023, 9,034 of the Bank’s employees were members of the Union of Employees working at Banks and 
Insurance Companies (Banka ve Sigorta İşçileri Sendikasi) (the “Union”), amounting to approximately 58% 
of the Bank’s employees. The Bank may experience strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the 
future. Any such action could disrupt operations, possibly for a significant period of time, result in increased 
wages and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations.  See “Business of the Bank—Employees”.  
The Group is subject to operational risk 
Similar to other financial institutions, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees or 
outsiders, unauthorised transactions by employees and other operational errors (including clerical or record 
keeping errors and errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems).  The Group is also 
subject, from time to time, to service interruptions to third party services such as telecommunications, which 
are beyond the Group’s control.  Such interruptions may result in interruption to services to the Group’s 
branches and/or impact customer service.  Given the Group’s high volume of transactions, errors may be 
repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified.  In addition, a number of banking 
transactions are not fully automated, which may further increase the risk that human error or employee 
tampering will result in losses that may be difficult for any bank to detect quickly or at all.  While the Group 
maintains a system of controls designed to monitor and control operational risk, there can be no assurance that 
the Group will not suffer losses from such risks.  Losses from the failure of the Group’s system of internal 
controls to discover and rectify such matters could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 36 ---
17 
 
 
The Group is dependent on its senior management and other personnel 
The Bank is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and the operation of its 
day-to-day business.  In addition, retail, corporate and other business relationships of members of senior 
management are important to the conduct of the Bank’s business.  See “Management”.  If members of the 
Group’s senior management were to leave, then the relationships that those employees have and which have 
benefited the Group may end.   
In addition, the Bank’s continuing success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and motivate 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel.  Any failure to recruit and retain necessary 
personnel or manage its personnel successfully could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Group’s BRSA Financial Statements were prepared under standards applicable to banks in Türkiye 
and not prepared under IFRS 
The Group maintains its accounting systems and prepares its accounts and publishes quarterly financial results 
in accordance with the BRSA Principles. These accounts are not prepared on a basis consistent with IFRS. 
The Group is not required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards other than BRSA. 
There are differences between the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements and IFRS financial statements. 
For example, starting from 30 June 2022, the BRSA Principles materially differ from IFRS as applied to 
accounting for the impacts of inflation or hyperinflation. Pursuant to TAS 29, under TFRS, and the 
corresponding IAS 29 under IFRS, the financial statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a 
hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price index. Companies 
reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods ending on and after 30 
June 2022. However, on 20 January 2022, the POA had stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to 
make any adjustments in their financial statements for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. Therefore, despite 
high levels of inflation in Türkiye in 2021, 2022 and the nine months ended 30 September 2023 inflation 
adjustments for such periods have not been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements herein, in accordance 
with TAS 29. As a result, financial statements complying with the BRSA Principles materially differ from 
those complying with IFRS in the application of adjustments for the effects of changes in a general price 
index. If the Group is required to restate its BRSA Financial Statements based upon a price index, the 
adjustments might materially impact the Group’s reported financial results. 
Subsequently, on 23 November 2023, the POA announced that Turkish companies reporting under TFRS 
should begin implementing TAS 29, and adjusting their financial statements for inflation, for periods ending 
on and after 31 December 2023, subject to alternative timelines being set by applicable regulatory and 
auditing entities such as the BRSA and the CMB, with adjustments also applied to all periods presented in the 
financial statements. On 12 December 2023, the BRSA announced that the financial statements of banks and 
financial leasing, factoring, financing, savings financing, and asset management companies as of 31 December 
2023 will not be subject to the inflation adjustment required under TAS 29. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the BRSA has not announced an alternative timeline for the implementation of TAS 29. 
As a result, the Bank has not applied the requirements of TAS 29 in the BRSA Financial Statements. The 
Bank will continue to act in accordance with the BRSA Principles. The Bank closely monitors the application 
of TAS 29 but cannot predict if or when TAS 29 will be applied by the BRSA under the BRSA Principles and 
therefore cannot predict the impact that the application of TAS 29 and related adjustments and 
reclassifications will have on its future financial statements, results of operations and financial condition. The 
Bank’s margins may be impacted as a result of the application of this standard and therefore, the visibility in 
its past performance will be limited which may make it more difficult for its investors to analyse its other 
historical results.  
High inflation rates might distort the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, with nominal 
growth rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly 
exceeding the rates as measured on a constant-currency basis.  
For more information on the differences between the accounting principles, see “Appendix 1—Overview of 
Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA Principles”. Potential investors should consult their own

--- Page 37 ---
18 
 
 
professional advisors for an understanding of the difference between IFRS and BRSA Principles and how 
these differences might affect the Group’s financial information presented in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Risks Related to Türkiye 
As of 30 September 2023, 95.16% of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s operations were 
in Türkiye. Therefore, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily affected by economic 
conditions in Türkiye.  
Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects 
Türkiye has from time to time experienced volatile political social conditions, including a failed coup d’état 
attempt in July 2016.  The Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkinma Partisi) (the “AKP”) has been 
in power since 2002 and has been able to govern without reliance upon a coalition partner.   
Following the November 2015 elections, the AKP announced its intention to replace the existing constitution 
with a new constitution. In the referendum held on 16 April 2017, the majority of the votes cast approved 
proposed amendments to certain articles of the Turkish Constitution including replacing the existing 
parliamentary system of government with an executive presidency and a presidential system. Following the 
constitutional amendments enacted with the referendum, the president was permitted to remain the head of a 
political party, and on 21 May 2017, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was re-elected as the chairman of the 
AKP.  
As of 9 July 2018, the parliamentary system was transformed into a presidential one and President Erdoğan 
thus now holds the additional powers granted to the President pursuant to the referendum described above. As 
of the same date, President Erdoğan announced the new cabinet, including non-AKP members and Mr. Berat 
Albayrak, his son-in-law, as the new minister of Treasury and Finance. President Erdoğan won a third five-
year term as president on 28 May 2023. 
Since 2019 there have been notable dismissals and departures among those responsible for Turkish monetary 
policy. On 6 July 2019, President Erdoğan removed Mr. Murat Çetinkaya as governor of the Central Bank, 
before the scheduled end of his four-year term, and in August 2019 the Central Bank was reorganised, with 
several other high-ranking officials removed from office. Mr. Çetinkaya was replaced by his former deputy, 
Mr. Murat Uysal who was later replaced by Mr. Naci Ağbal on 7 November 2020. On 20 March 2021, 
President Erdoğan again intervened to remove Mr. Ağbal after a series of interest rate increases, and 
appointed Dr. Şahap Kavcıoğlu. The dismissal of Mr. Ağbal led to a negative market reaction, with investors’ 
sales of certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock index declining by 9.6% in 
a week and the Turkish Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 7.27 per U.S. dollar before 
the dismissal of the governor to TL 7.99 per U.S. dollar) during the same period. The Central Bank policy rate 
(interest rate for a one week repo) had increased in 2020 and into 2021 (reaching a high of 19% from March 
2021) in response to higher inflation; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, from 
the second half of 2021 the Central Bank shifted its monetary policy, decreasing the policy rate (reaching a 
low of 8.5% from February 2023), and intensified market interventions to stabilise the Lira while introducing 
tools such as FX-protected deposits to steer away the foreign exchange demand. The economy administration 
pressured the banks regarding deposit structures and returns on foreign exchange deposits, in order to further 
constrict foreign exchange demand. The exchange rate remained under pressure until the 2023 local elections, 
until which time the CBRT adopted a looser monetary stance despite high inflationary conditions. Central 
Bank reserves meanwhile have been depleted to critical levels. The Central Bank’s net international reserves 
have decreased to U.S.$(6) billion as of 2 June 2023. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest 
Rates”. 
Following the May 2023 general elections, Mehmet Simsek was appointed as the minister of Treasury and 
Finance on 4 June 2023 and Hafize Gaye Erkan took the office of the governor of the Turkish Central Bank 
on 6 June 2023. The new administration applied a more orthodox monetary policy prioritising price stability 
as well as “Liraization” of the Turkish domestic market. The policy rate (one-week repo rate) significantly

--- Page 38 ---
19 
 
 
increased through several rate increases from 8.5% to 35% in a five-month period. The Central Bank’s net 
international reserves increased to U.S.$25 billion as of 27 October 2023 from negative net reserves zone 
(excluding the swap agreements of the Central Bank). When the swap agreements of the Central Bank are 
taken into account, the amelioration is limited as the net international reserves stands at (U.S.$55) billion as of 
3 November 2023. The Central Bank has looked to alleviate pressure on foreign reserves by applying 
additional securities maintenance requirements based on levels of FX deposits, encouraging a shift to TL 
deposits. Although the market interventions have not completely ceased, the Central Bank has stated that it is 
not targeting a certain exchange rate, as it was clearly the case in the Kavcıoğlu-Nebati era, but funding the 
market to balance the gradual reduction in FX-protected deposit schemes, which have decreased by U.S.$24 
billion between August and November 2023. The Central Bank’s communication strategy has been revised 
and emphasis has been placed on more conventional policy approaches to improve the credibility of the 
Central Bank. The Central Bank expects yearly inflation to peak in mid-2024 and provide positive returns in 
real terms. Political considerations may, however, again influence interest rates and monetary policy in the 
future, including in the run-up to the 2024 elections, which could effectively put a cap on interest rate 
increases and limit the extent of monetary tightening. The degree of independence of the Central Bank and the 
harmony of the fiscal front with the monetary policy mix in the upcoming period are the key uncertainties 
concerning the challenges ahead to the new economy administrations. 
Local elections took place on 31 March 2019, as a result of which the AKP lost control of several major cities, 
including İstanbul, Ankara and Antalya. In Istanbul, Mr. Ekrem İmamoğlu, the candidate of the main 
opposition party the Republican People's Party (Cumhuriyet Halk Partisi), was declared the winner and 
installed as mayor. The AKP claimed election fraud and requested to repeat the elections in İstanbul. On 6 
May 2019, the Supreme Election Board of Türkiye (T.C. Yüksek Seçim Kurulu) cancelled the results of the 
elections in İstanbul and repeat local elections were held on 23 June 2019. Mr. İmamoğlu increased his 
majority and was reinstalled as İstanbul’s mayor. In December 2022, a court convicted Mr. İmamoğlu of 
violating a law prohibiting insulting public officials, for which he was sentenced to over two years in prison 
and banned from politics, which sentence is currently pending appeal. All these factors could significantly 
impact investors’ perceptions of Türkiye and its future growth. 
Changes in the governance and operation of Türkiye’s institutions, could contribute to the volatility of Turkish 
financial markets and/or have an adverse effect on investors’ perception of Türkiye, including with respect to 
the actual or perceived independence of such institutions. 
The political instability in Türkiye may continue and the political situation in Türkiye may further deteriorate. 
Actual or perceived political instability in Türkiye or any negative changes in the political environment, 
including further conflicts between senior politicians in Türkiye or the failure of the Government to devise or 
implement appropriate economic programmes, may individually or in the aggregate adversely affect the 
Turkish economy and, in turn, the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
and the value of the Notes. In particular, any perception that the new executive presidency system may further 
restrict parliamentary and judicial supervision of executive decisions may also increase political instability or 
otherwise negatively impact investors’ perception of the Turkish political climate, which could result in a 
number of negative impacts, including deteriorating asset prices and weaker economic activity. 
Increased political risks following the coup attempt of July 2016 
Türkiye has also experienced controversies between the Government and the military.  On 15 July 2016, the 
Turkish government was subject to an attempted coup by a group within the Turkish army. The Turkish 
government and the Turkish security forces (including the Turkish army) took control of the situation in a 
short period of time and the ruling government remained in control. On 20 July 2016, after the failed coup 
attempt, the Turkish President announced, pursuant to Article 120 of the Turkish Constitution, a nationwide 
state of emergency, which was extended ultimately until July 2018, entitling the government to exercise 
additional powers. Under Article 120 of the Turkish Constitution, in the event of serious indications of 
widespread acts of violence aimed at the destruction of the free democratic order, a state of emergency may be 
declared in one or more regions of, or throughout, the country for a period not exceeding six months. The state 
of emergency, however, ended in July 2018. 
The government has (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions (including schools, 
universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, 
discharged or otherwise limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c)

--- Page 39 ---
20 
 
 
restricted media outlets and (d) otherwise taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion 
of these actions to members of the business community. There has been disruptions in the operations of public 
institutions (such as the BRSA and the CMB) as teams are reorganised. Any future investigations may include 
customers of the Bank, which could impact such customers’ ability to meet their obligations and may in turn 
result in an adverse impact on the Bank’s loan portfolio.  
Furthermore, in 2022, Moody’s downgraded Türkiye’s sovereign credit rating to "B3", indicating Türkiye’s 
obligations are considered speculative and subject to high credit risk. Meanwhile, Fitch also downgraded 
Türkiye’s rating to "B", which indicates there is a material default risk present, but a limited margin of safety 
remains according to the agency. S&P also initially lowered Türkiye’s sovereign rating outlook from “Stable” 
to “Negative” in March 2023, citing monetary policy and foreign currency positions, but in October 2023, 
S&P raised the outlook back to “Stable” following the return to more orthodox monetary policies following 
the 2023 elections. In September 2023, Fitch similarly changed Türkiye’s rating outlook from "Negative" to 
"Stable" citing a decrease in uncertainty with the normalisation of monetary policy. In August 2023, Moody’s 
signalled a possible rate upgrade if orthodox policies introduced following the election continue and increase. 
Nevertheless, the current ratings of all three agencies continue to imply high credit and default risks which 
affect the Bank’s ratings. For further discussion of the risks associated with the credit ratings of Türkiye and 
the Bank see “—Risks Related to the Group’s Business—The Group’s capital adequacy ratio and its ability to 
obtain funding may be affected by changes to its credit ratings and the credit ratings of Türkiye”. 
The political and social circumstances surrounding the attempted coup and its aftermath (including rating 
downgrades of Türkiye and the Bank) or other political developments could have a negative impact on the 
Turkish economy and institutions (including the value of the Turkish Lira, international investors’ willingness 
to invest in Türkiye and domestic demand), the institutional and regulatory framework, the Bank’s liquidity 
and/or conditions (financial or otherwise) and/or the value and/or market price of an investment in Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Conflict and uncertainty within Türkiye or in neighbouring and nearby countries may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to on-going political and security concerns, especially in 
recent years.  Political uncertainty within Türkiye and in certain neighbouring and nearby countries, such as 
Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, Iran, Georgia, Cyprus, Egypt, Ukraine and Armenia has historically been one of the 
potential risks associated with an investment in Turkish securities. 
Since December 2010, political instability has increased markedly in a number of countries in the Middle East 
and North Africa, such as Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, Jordan, Bahrain and Yemen.  
Tensions have also increased between a number of Middle Eastern states, notably Iran and Saudi Arabia.  
Lately, the seismic searches conducted by Türkiye in the Aegean and Mediterranean seas based on its 
continental shelf arguments, has heightened the tension between Türkiye and Greece.  Unrest in these 
countries (as well as global tensions with Iran, between Russia and Ukraine, or between Azerbaijan and 
Armenia) may have political implications in Türkiye or otherwise have a negative impact on Turkish 
economy, including through both financial markets and the real economy.  
Risks associated with the conflicts in Syria and Afghanistan 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including 
political instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East. In 
particular, the on-going conflicts in Syria, against ISIS, and in Afghanistan, against Taliban, a Sharia Islamic 
militant group, have been the subject of significant international attention and conditions in the region remain 
volatile. Unrest in these countries might affect Türkiye’s relationships with its neighbours, have political 
implications both within Türkiye and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on 
Türkiye. Such impacts might occur (inter alia) through the significant movement of Syrian or Afghan 
refugees (including through Türkiye into the European Union (“EU”)), a lower flow of foreign direct 
investment into Türkiye, capital outflows and/or increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In October 2019, the Turkish military, following a pullback by the United States of its presence in northern 
Syria, commenced military operations to create a “safe zone” in northern Syria in an effort to enhance 
Türkiye’s border security. This engagement expanded, including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in

--- Page 40 ---
21 
 
 
many Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the Turkish and Syrian militaries. As this 
territory was largely held by the People’s Protection Unit (YPG) in Syria, which had assisted the U.S. in the 
fight against ISIS but that Türkiye designates as a terrorist organization and believes is affiliated with the 
Kurdistan Worker’s Party (the “PKK”) (an organization that is listed as terrorist organization by various states 
and organizations, including Türkiye, the EU and the United States), significant conflict in the region might 
occur. In addition to objections raised by Syria, Iran and Russia to this military activity, the United States 
(inter alios) has taken certain actions and might impose additional sanctions upon Türkiye and/or take other 
actions that might negatively impact the Turkish economy and/or Türkiye’s relationship with the United 
States. While Türkiye has entered into separate agreements with the United States and Russia that aim to 
achieve multi-party agreement on this “safe zone,” the parties might disagree about the implementation of 
these agreements and/or the parties’ adherence to their terms. 
In late 2021, Taliban, a Sharia Islamic militant group, has taken over Afghanistan after the United States 
announced their pullback from the country, which caused a new migration wave through EU and Türkiye. 
Despite Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and high-level government officials various statements noting that 
Türkiye will not shoulder the burden of a new migration wave, similar to the one the country have faced in the 
last years due to the conflicts in Syria, the events in Afghanistan resulted with a significant movement of 
Afghan refugees into Türkiye. Türkiye’s future relationship with the Taliban is also uncertain given the 
complex geopolitical circumstances relating to Afghanistan. 
The above-mentioned events might result in the volatility of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect 
on investors’ perception of Türkiye and/or have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s ability to support economic 
growth and manage regional conditions. 
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with Russia and the War in Ukraine 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a military invasion against Ukraine. This has resulted in a significant 
increase in tensions between Russia and a number of countries, as well as with the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization (“NATO”). The United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and several European countries, 
among others, have imposed sanctions on Russia which include, among others, the freezing of the assets of 
the central bank of Russia, the banning of all transactions with the central bank of Russia and the removal of 
certain Russian banks from the swift messaging system, restrictions on access to financing by Russian entities, 
and export controls targeting Russia’s energy and defence sectors. Additionally, the United States has 
imposed additional sanctions targeting Russia’s oil and gas sector and oil and gas exports, by banning Russian 
imports of oil and gas in the U.S., while similar sanctions are also being considered by the EU and the United 
Kingdom.  Several rounds of peace negotiations have been carried out to date without success, including with 
the participation of Türkiye as mediator. Türkiye’s role as a NATO member and as host to ceasefire 
negotiations between Ukrainian and Russian negotiators may materially affect Türkiye’s global diplomatic 
position as well as its economy and financial condition. 
Global energy prices surged after the start of the conflict. Although in the beginning of 2023, the surge in 
energy prices had slightly eased, the ongoing war and the subsequent sanctions may result in further 
disruption to energy supplies and regional and global trade flows, and the impact of the war remains unclear 
and dependent on global and regional economic and political developments. The global economic and 
political environment and the impact of the sanctions imposed on Russia to the global economy remain highly 
uncertain. Following the imposition of sanctions against Russia, thousands of Russians and Ukrainians have 
fled to Türkiye to stay, invest, and hold assets since Türkiye has not been imposing any sanctions on Russia 
except the closure of the Bosporus and Dardanelles straits to warships. Türkiye has not been following the 
wave of sanctions imposed by many countries, and Türkiye’s policy stance with respect to sanctions cannot be 
predicted with certainty.  
Additional sanctions imposed on Russia by other countries may have a material adverse effect on Türkiye due 
to its relations with Russia, Russian people and Russian entities. The impact of additional sanctions, or of a 
deterioration of relations between Türkiye and Russia or the United States over events in Ukraine, on the 
Turkish economy may be significant, which in turn may materially and adversely affect the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 41 ---
22 
 
 
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with Israel and Palestine 
On 7 October 2023, Hamas launched an attack on a number of Israeli cities, killing a significant number of 
members of the Israeli defence forces and civilians. In response, the government of Israel declared war, 
mobilised Israeli defence forces, and began a large-scale military operation against Hamas militants within 
Israel and in the Gaza Strip. The scale, duration, and impact of this conflict on the region and any global 
effects are currently unclear and cannot be predicted with any certainty.  A wider regional conflict could have 
a material adverse impact on the Turkish economy and may be significant, which in turn may materially and 
adversely affect the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with the United States 
On 8 October 2017, the United States suspended all non-immigrant visa services for Turkish citizens in 
Türkiye following the arrest of an employee of the United States consulate in İstanbul. On the same date, 
Türkiye retaliated by issuing a statement that restricts the visa application process for United States citizens.  
While visa services have since returned to normal, relations between the two countries remained strained on 
various topics, including the conviction of an executive of a state-controlled bank, Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. 
(who was released in July 2019 after serving his sentence), for bank fraud and conspiracy to violate U.S. 
sanctions laws in assisting Iran to evade U.S. sanctions and the related judicial process against Türkiye Halk 
Bankası A.Ş.  
Furthermore, in August 2018 the United States had imposed sanctions on two Turkish ministers and increased 
import taxes on Turkish steel and aluminium. Nonetheless, on 12 October 2018, a Turkish court released a 
detained American pastor who had been arrested in October 2016, and the United States removed the 
sanctions imposed on Turkish ministers. In addition, on the week of 2 November 2018, certain U.S. sanctions 
on Iranian financial and energy sectors and on certain other imports from Iran, were re-imposed. Nevertheless, 
the United States granted Türkiye a partial exemption allowing it to import limited amounts of oil from Iran 
for six months. However, such exemption was not renewed at the end of the six month period and it remains 
uncertain whether Türkiye will, or will be able to, comply with such U.S. sanctions against Iran. Any similar 
events in the future, including any operations of the Turkish armed forces in Syria targeting organisations that 
Türkiye deems to be terrorist organisations related to People’s Congress of Kurdistan (formerly known as the 
PKK), in connection with the potential U.S. withdrawal from Syria, including any restrictive or punitive 
actions adopted by the U.S. and/or EU institutions in connection with operations and/or actions of Türkiye in 
the northern Syria and/or Türkiye’s compliance with any further prospective U.S. sanctions against Iran might 
result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU and/or the United 
States and might have a negative impact on the Turkish economy.  
The relationship with the United States was also impacted by Türkiye’s agreement to acquire a U.S.$2.5 
billion S-400 air and missile defense system from Russia in December 2017. In response, the United States 
announced that Türkiye will be removed from the F-35 programme under which Türkiye acquires fighter jets 
from the United States and the United States has threatened further sactions. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus a bill to impose new sanctions as the result of Türkiye’s acquisition of the S-400 defense system 
and for Türkiye’s military involvement in Syria is under consideration in the U.S. Senate. As such, political 
uncertainty might continue.  
In October 2020, a U.S. federal judge ruled in a case that the Turkish participation bank, Kuveyt Türk Katılım 
Bankası A.Ş., can be sued in a United States court under the Justice for United States Victims of State 
Sponsored Terrorism Act on the basis of the allegations that it helped aid Hamas, an organisation which is 
declared as a terrorist group by the United States. However, there are no other public updates as regards a 
potential lawsuit or investigation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, certain regulatory actions, investigations, allegations of past or current wrongdoing and similar 
actions (including the judicial process against Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş.) might lead to related actions, 
rumours and/or uncertainties surrounding breaches by Turkish banks of international sanctions laws or other 
financial markets misconduct. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the final outcome in relation to the 
judicial process, including any appeal and whether any sanction, fine or penalty will be imposed by the Office 
of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) or any other U.S. regulatory body on Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. or any

--- Page 42 ---
23 
 
 
other Turkish bank or person in connection with those matters, as well as the possible reaction of the financial 
markets to any such events or speculation regarding such events, is unknown.   
President Biden won the U.S. presidential election held on 3 November 2020 and the Biden administration 
took office on 20 January 2021. On April 2021, U.S. President Biden referred to the World War I deaths of 
Armenians in the Ottoman Empire as genocide, which might negatively contribute to Türkiye’s relationship 
with the United States. It is uncertain whether the positions that the new administration might take with 
respect to Türkiye, including relating to any of the aforementioned topics, (including potential additional 
sanctions), might materially alter the relationship between Türkiye and the U.S.  
Risks from events affecting Türkiye’s relationship with the EU  
In March 2016, Türkiye signed an agreement with the EU in an effort to control the irregular flow from 
Türkiye to the EU of the refugees, mainly displaced due to the conflict in Syria. However, such agreement has 
not been fully implemented in accordance with its terms as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and the 
Turkish officials stated in 2019 that the EU has not fulfilled yet its undertakings made under such agreement. 
On 25 April 2017, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted to restart monitoring Türkiye 
in connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy. Diplomatic or political tensions 
between Türkiye and member states of the EU or other countries might impact trade or demand for imports 
and exports.  
In the recent years, several important natural gas reserves have been discovered in the eastern Mediterranean, 
in the territorial waters and exclusive economic zone of the island of Cyprus. Both the Republic of Southern 
Cyprus, an EU member but not legally recognized by Türkiye, supported by Greece, and the Turkish Republic 
of Northern Cyprus, not legally recognized by the EU and supported by Türkiye, lay claim to gas in these 
waters and launched drilling activities. In its conclusions of 15 July 2019, the Council of the EU recalled its 
previous conclusions, and stated that (i) such drilling activities of Türkiye, which the Council deems illegal, 
have a serious immediate negative impact across the range of EU-Türkiye relations, (ii) it has decided not to 
hold further meetings of the EU-Türkiye high-level dialogues for the time being, (iii) it endorses the European 
Commission’s proposal to reduce the pre-accession assistance to Türkiye for 2020, and (iv) it invites the 
European Investment Bank (the “EIB”) to review its lending activities in Türkiye, notably with regard to 
sovereign-backed lending. On 11 November 2019, the EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on 
individuals or entities responsible for, or involved in, these drilling activities. 
Tensions have increased between Türkiye and France, including due to differing interests in the conflict in 
Libya and terrorist attacks in France, which have led to the Turkish President calling for a boycott of French 
goods and France to withdraw its ambassador from Türkiye. In October 2020, both France and Greece asked 
the EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement with Türkiye and, on 26 November 2020, 
the European Parliament passed a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions on Türkiye. On 11 December 
2020, EU leaders agreed to impose sanctions against unspecified individuals and entities involved in activities 
related to the disputed waters, with the identity of these individuals and sanctions to be named shortly 
thereafter, and noted that further sanctions might be imposed in early 2021; however, in March 2021, EU 
leaders decided to postpone these plans in light of increased diplomatic activity. Any decision by the EU to 
abolish the customs union with Türkiye, end Türkiye’s EU accession bid or impose additional sanctions on 
Türkiye might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU and 
have material negative impacts on Türkiye’s economy. 
More recently, tension between Türkiye and Greece has further increased due to a number of violations by 
Greek military aircrafts of Türkiye’s airspace over the Aegan Sea. The relations between Türkiye and Greece 
have strained, which has resulted in air force patrols and interception missions, mostly in disputed airspace 
around Greek islands near Türkiye’s coastline. 
The events described above and any similar events in the future, including deterioration of the relations 
between Türkiye and Greece due to the matter of eastern Mediterranean natural gas reserves, violation of 
airspace and any prospective actions which might be taken by the EU in response to Türkiye’s aforementioned 
activities in the eastern Mediterranean, including the maritime agreement made between GNA and Türkiye in 
relation to their continental shelves and the seismic searches conducted, or northern Syria, might result in (or 
contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU and might have a negative

--- Page 43 ---
24 
 
 
impact on the investors’ perceptions of Türkiye and the broader Turkish economy, for reasons including the 
lack of Türkiye’s access to EU funding. 
Risks relating to domestic terrorism 
Terrorist attacks and the threat of future terrorism have had and could continue to have a material adverse 
effect on Türkiye’s capital markets, the level of tourism, foreign investment and other elements of the Turkish 
economy and ultimately on the Bank’s financial condition and results of operations. Türkiye experienced 
increasing incidents of terrorist attacks in 2016, both from ISIS and the People’s Congress of Kurdistan, 
formerly known as PKK. While the Bank’s property and business interruption insurance covers damage to 
insured property directly caused by terrorism, such amounts may be insufficient to cover any losses that it 
may incur. 
The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making it 
highly dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish 
government 
Turkish banks have traditionally invested a large portion of their assets in securities issued by the 
Government.  As of 30 September 2023, 96% of the Group’s securities portfolio was invested in securities 
issued by the Government (representing 22% of its total assets), compared to 96% as of 31 December 2022 
(representing 20% of its total assets). Since 2021 in particular, there has been an increase in the amount of 
Turkish governmental bonds held by the Group, up from 16% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 
2021, as a result of regulatory requirements described elsewhere herein (see, e.g., “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment–Liquidity Reserve Requirement”). The Group’s securities to assets ratio was 23% as of 30 
September 2023, in comparison with the 19% average for private banks (as of 31 December 2022, the Group’s 
ratio was 21%, with the average for private banks being 19%). In addition to any direct losses that the Group 
might incur, a default, or the perception of an increased risk of default by the Government in making 
payments on its securities or the further downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely have a significant 
negative impact on the Turkish banking system generally and thus may affect the Bank’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Türkiye’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit 
Türkiye has recently and in the past experienced high annual rates of inflation. High inflation has historically 
been considered one of the most significant problems faced by the Turkish economy and has recently 
reemerged as a significant issue. As of September 2023, CPI inflation reached 61.5% on a yearly basis, mainly 
due to high demand, rising costs and disrupted expectations.  
Since 2021, Türkiye has experienced high levels of inflation reaching 36.1% and 64.3% for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2022, respectively, as measured by CPI. 
Although prior policies have had some success in reducing inflation, such policies may not be successful to 
address the recent resurgence of inflation to new highs, especially given Türkiye’s substantial current account 
deficit and global liquidity conditions.   
If the level of inflation in Türkiye continues to increase from already high levels, then the Bank’s costs may 
increase, and, if not accompanied by an increase in interest rates, then its operating and net margins may 
decrease.  Inflationary pressures may also curtail the Bank’s ability to access foreign financial markets and 
may lead to further Government intervention in the economy, including the introduction of Government 
policies that may adversely affect the overall performance of the Turkish economy.  The various impacts of 
inflation thus may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
The Central Bank closely monitors the U.S. Federal Reserve’s actions and has historically taken action to 
maintain price and financial stability. The U.S. Federal Reserve held the federal funds rate at around zero 
from March 2020 through the first quarter of 2022. From March 2022 through November 2023, in order to 
cope with rising inflation, it raised the federal funds rate range to 5.25 to 5.50%. The Turkish Lira and certain 
other emerging market currencies may depreciate against the U.S. dollar if the U.S. Federal Reserve does not 
ease monetary policy to the degree expected by the financial markets. The exchange rate increased to TL 
27.3767 to 1 U.S. dollar as of 30 September 2023 compared to 18.6983 as of 31 December 2022. Over the

--- Page 44 ---
25 
 
 
year ended 30 September 2023, Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 46.4%. As of 30 
November 2023, volatility in exchange rate continues and the exchange rate reached TL 28.86 per U.S. dollar, 
the highest level since June 2023, implying a 4.3% depreciation since the end of September 2023. 
The size of Türkiye’s current account deficit or adverse changes in its balance of payments position (including 
the availability of external financing for Türkiye) could lead to exchange rate adjustments and higher 
inflation, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. In 2021, the current account balance started to improve gradually compared to 2020, which had 
been impacted by conditions stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, due increased exports and export 
prices with the return of global demand. Meanwhile, the recovery in services gained momentum on the back 
of the acceleration of vaccination and lifting of COVID-19-related restrictions. However, the current account 
deficit increased to U.S.$48.9 billion ((5%) of GDP) as of 31 December 2022, on a 12-month rolling basis, 
primarily due to geopolitical factors, including the conflict in Ukraine, and related higher energy prices. In the 
services sector, net revenue from the tourism and the transportation sector increased by 49% and 41% 
respectively, over the year ended 31 December 2022. On a 12-month rolling basis, tourism and transportation 
revenues reached U.S.$40.7 billion and U.S.$17.6 billion in September 2023, respectively. Various events 
including any deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye’s primary export customers and geopolitical 
risks (such as tariffs imposed by the United States on imports from Türkiye), as well as an increase in energy 
prices, might result in an increase in the current account deficit, including due to the possible impact on 
Türkiye’s foreign trade and tourism revenues. 
Türkiye is an energy-dependent country and any geopolitical development concerning energy security could 
have a material impact on Türkiye's current account balance. In 2021, net energy imports in Türkiye increased 
to $42.2 billion, with increased energy prices due to resumption of economic activity after the approval of 
COVID-19 vaccines. In 2022, Türkiye’s 12 months rolling current account deficit and net energy imports 
increased to U.S.$48.9 billion and U.S.$80.1 billion, respectively, with further increases in energy prices 
related to the tension between Russia and Ukraine. As of September 2023, Türkiye’s 12-month rolling current 
account deficit and net energy imports increased to U.S.$51.7 billion and U.S.$59.5 billion, respectively. 
Türkiye’s current account balance may face further pressure, due to a variety of factors, including related to 
the Russia and Ukraine conflict, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, increased sanctions on oil-producing 
countries or further concerns around global energy supply. A higher current account deficit may have an 
adverse effect on the overall performance of the Turkish economy and thus may have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The current account deficit is a significant concern for policy makers and may be subject to further 
intervention. Should the Central Bank adopt any additional measures to limit any increase in the current 
account deficit, such measures would likely reduce economic growth and, in turn, have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. However, given Türkiye’s 
savings and investments structure, it is not possible for Türkiye to achieve its targeted growth figures without 
current account imbalances. Should the current account deficit widen persistently, this may lead to a further 
downward pressure on the Turkish Lira and continued inflationary consequences. 
High inflation rates might distort the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, with nominal 
growth rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly 
exceeding the rates as measured on a constant-currency basis.  
The value of the Turkish Lira fluctuates against other currencies 
Macroeconomic uncertainties may result in volatility in the value of the Turkish Lira, which could in turn 
adversely impact the Bank’s capital adequacy and, if there is any downturn in the global financial markets, 
this could have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s debt servicing ability.  In particular, the value of the Turkish 
Lira depreciated against major currencies in the recent years largely due to the increased risk perception in 
global markets regarding Türkiye, the market’s expectation of the U.S. Federal Reserve’s increase of the U.S. 
federal funds rate and the uncertainty resulting from the general elections in Türkiye and other political 
events. See “—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.”

--- Page 45 ---
26 
 
 
See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Exchange Rates” for details on recent trends in the 
Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar. 
The CBRT has intervened, and may choose to intervene again in the future, in the foreign exchange market to 
support local currency.  
In the past, the Central Bank has used interest rate adjustments to address fluctuations in the Turkish Lira. 
Since 2020, interest rates have been adjusted on a number of occasions in response to macroeconomic 
pressures, including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and global financial conditions, such as inflation. 
The Central Bank increased the policy rate (interest rate for a one-week repo) gradually through the fourth 
quarter of 2020 and first quarter of 2021, until in March 2021 (reaching a high of 19% from March 2021), 
until the replacement of, Mr. Naci Ağbal as Central Bank governor by Dr. Şahap Kavcıoğlu. The change in 
leadership at the Central Bank resulted in fluctuations in Türkiye’s domestic economic outlook and the 
Turkish Lira depreciated. Contrary to the expectations of some market participants, from the second half of 
2021 the Central Bank shifted its monetary policy, decreasing the policy rate (reaching a low of 8.5% from 
February 2023). Between January 2022 and June 2023, the Central Bank also introduced a number of 
measures aimed at supporting the Turkish Lira without increasing interest rates, such as macroprudential 
measures requiring maintenance of securities for foreign currency deposits, reserve requirements for selected 
TL-denominated commercial cash loans and an FX-protected deposit scheme. After the presidential elections 
in 2023, the governor of the Central Bank and the Minister of Treasury and Finance were again replaced, 
following which the monetary policy committee announced a gradual process to tighten monetary policy to 
improve the outlook for inflation. The policy rate was raised from 8.5% to 35% from June 2023 through 
October 2023. In addition to the increases in the policy rate, the monetary policy committee also announced 
that it would continue to make decisions on quantitative tightening and selective credit tightening to support 
the monetary policy stance. The Central Bank accounced that it would simplify the regulatory measures that it 
had introduced to protect the Turkish Lira and, in October 2023, terminated some of the measures for 
maintenance of securities. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates” for details on recent trends 
in the interest rates set by the Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve as well as recent events at the 
Central Bank.  
The currency remains volatile and the Turkish Lira may depreciate against the U.S. dollar, which may 
adversely affect the financial condition of the clients of the Group, their ability to service debts owed to the 
Group, the Group’s ability to service its foreign currency denominated liabilities (including any liabilities 
under the Notes) and/or Türkiye as a whole. Any significant further depreciation of the Turkish Lira against 
the U.S. dollar or other major currencies may as a result have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial 
condition 
and/or 
results 
of 
operations. 
 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2023, developments in the macroeconomic environment  (i.e., 
changes in the value of the Turkish Lira, combined with the impact of mark-to-market of available for sale 
securities) had a negative impact of 141 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio excluding regulatory 
forbearances. 
For a discussion of risks related to current account imbalances and the impact of the Central Bank’s 
intervention, see “—Türkiye’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit”. 
Türkiye’s economy may be impacted by adverse events in other emerging markets 
Emerging markets such as Türkiye are subject to a greater risk of being perceived negatively by investors 
based upon external events (for example, volatility in the emerging markets, monetary policies in the United 
States and the Eurozone, continued violence in Syria and Iraq or a slowdown in China’s growth) than 
more-developed markets are, and financial turmoil in any emerging market (or global markets generally) 
could have a “contagion” effect and disrupt the business environment in Türkiye.  Moreover, financial turmoil 
in one or more emerging markets tends to adversely affect stock prices and the prices for debt securities in all 
emerging market countries as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and 
economically developed.  An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies 
could dampen capital flows to Türkiye and adversely affect the Turkish economy.  As a result, investors’

--- Page 46 ---
27 
 
 
interest in the Notes (and thus their price) may be subject to fluctuations that may not necessarily be related to 
economic conditions in Türkiye or the financial performance of the Group. 
While the impact of the global financial crisis of 2008 on Türkiye was relatively limited, Türkiye has been 
adversely affected by such contagion effects on a number of occasions in the past, including following the 
financial crises in 1994 and 2000 to 2001. Similar developments can be expected to affect the Turkish 
economy in the future, which might, in turn, have an adverse impact on the prices of obligations of Turkish 
capital markets issuances, including the Notes. 
Türkiye’s economy has been undergoing a significant transformation and remains subject to ongoing 
structural and macroeconomic risks 
Since the mid-1980s the Turkish economy has moved from a highly protected state-directed system to a 
market-oriented free enterprise system.  Reforms have, among other things, largely removed price controls 
and reduced subsidies, reduced the role of the public sector in the economy, emphasised growth in the 
industrial and service sectors, liberalised foreign trade, reduced tariffs, promoted export growth, eased capital 
transfer and exchange controls, encouraged foreign investment, strengthened the independence of the Central 
Bank, led to full convertibility of the Turkish Lira by accepting Article VIII of the International Monetary 
Fund’s Articles of Agreement and overhauled the tax system. 
However, the Turkish economy has also experienced a succession of financial crises and severe 
macroeconomic imbalances. These include substantial budget deficits, significant current account deficits, 
high rates of inflation and high real rates of interest. These factors have resulted in a substantial depreciation 
of the Turkish Lira against major foreign currencies, particularly between 1994 and 2001 and since 2021.  
Türkiye may not be able to remain economically stable during any periods of renewed global economic 
weakness due to its reliance on external demand and external financing. For example, after the global 
COVID-19 pandemic resulted in lockdowns all around the world and economic activity halted in the second 
quarter of 2020, domestic demand together with the foreign demand reduced sharply driven by such 
lockdowns and the supply-side was also affected negatively. Both exports and imports decreased in the second 
quarter whereas imports increased more than exports in the third quarter. This led to an increase in the current 
account deficit which means a higher debt burden for the Turkish economy. Future negative developments in 
the Turkish economy and failure to achieve growth targets could impair the Bank’s business strategies and 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
According to the latest medium-term plan announced on September 2023, the 2024 inflation forecast has been 
increased to 33%, while GDP growth forecasted for 2024 is 4.0%. In addition, the medium-term plan 
estimated GDP growth as 4.5% and 5.0% for each of 2025 and 2026 and the inflation rate as 15.2% and 8.5% 
for the same years, respectively. There can be no assurance that these targets will be reached, that the Turkish 
government will continue to implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies successfully or 
that the economic growth achieved in recent years will continue considering external and internal 
circumstances, including the Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary policy while 
maintaining a lower funding rate, the current account deficit and macroeconomic and political factors, such as 
changes in oil prices and uncertainty related with conflicts in Iraq and Syria (see “—Conflict and uncertainty 
within Türkiye or in neighbouring and nearby countries may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects”) and the political developments in Türkiye, 
including the uncertainty resulting from changes in the macroeconomic and regulatory environment between 
2019 and 2023. (See “—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”). 
Any of these developments might cause Türkiye’s economy to experience macro-economic imbalances, which 
might impair the Group’s business strategies and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. See “—Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking 
Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods 
may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking 
sector”.

--- Page 47 ---
28 
 
 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which might result in a 
negative impact on the Turkish economy. 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in 
particular the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, hotels and other real estate 
related projects and various energy-related projects (including renewables and non-renewables). For example, 
significant growth in the number of hotels is projected to occur over the coming years in anticipation of a 
continuing growth in international tourism, which might or might not in fact occur in light of geopolitical, 
economic or other factors. Any such overdevelopment might lead to a rapid decline in prices of these and 
other properties, or to the failure of some of these projects. Even if these events do not occur, the pace of 
development of such projects might decline in coming years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce 
their risk, which might negatively affect the growth of the Turkish economy. Should any of these events 
occur, then this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations.  
Türkiye’s economy may be impacted by uncertainty in the EU 
The EU is Türkiye’s principal export market.  If the EU economies suffer any growth setback or if other 
factors have an adverse impact on Türkiye’s exports to EU, the country’s growth performance would suffer, 
exposing the Bank and its customers to macroeconomic and operational risks. 
The United Kingdom (the “UK”) departed the EU on 31 January 2020, in accordance with a revised 
withdrawal agreement agreed upon by the EU and the UK in October 2019 (“Brexit”).  The transition period 
for negotiating the future relationship between the UK and EU began on February 1, 2020 and a trade deal 
was signed on December 24, 2020. As of August 2023, the UK is the fourth largest market for Turkish exports 
and Türkiye’s twelveth largest trade partner in terms of the export and import of goods. For the duration of the 
UK’s membership in the EU until October 31, 2019, the institutional and legal framework of the trade and 
economic relationship between Türkiye and the UK government was the Customs Union between Türkiye and 
the EU. On December 29, 2020, Türkiye and the UK signed a Free Trade Agreement, which took effect on 
January 1, 2021. The agreement between the UK and the EU and the Free Trade Agreement between Türkiye 
and the UK are relatively new.  Any potential problematic provisions or their potential uncertain interpretation 
could adversely and significantly affect trade between Türkiye and the UK and even European or worldwide 
economic or market conditions, exposing the Bank and its customers to macroeconomic and operational risks. 
The Group is subject to risks related to natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophies impacting 
Türkiye that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition 
As one of the largest lenders in Türkiye, increased credit risk, including as a result of a deterioration in 
economic conditions, changes in market conditions, the regulatory environment, or other external factors, such 
as natural disasters (such as the catastrophic earthquakes in southern Türkiye and Syria in February 2023), 
disease pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or related political or social matters, could require the 
Group to increase its provision for credit losses and allowance for credit losses and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's results of operations and financial condition. The Group has conservative 
provisions for its potential losses, but may have greater credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent its 
loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or location of the borrower or collateral. 
It may also incur costs to support its customers and employees impacted by such catastrophies. 
In February 2023, Türkiye and Syria suffered a catastrophic earthquake centered in the province of 
Kahramanmaraş in southern Türkiye followed by several aftershocks causing a state of emergency to be 
declared in 10 provinces. In addition to the significant loss of life and damage to infrastructure, the Borsa 
İstanbul suspended trading of stocks and derivatives for five trading days. The Group’s branches, employees 
and customers located in the areas directly impacted by the earthquake have suffered material disruptions and 
several employees tragically lost their lives. The full impact on Türkiye’s economy remain uncertain but is 
expected to be substantial. In turn, the extent of the impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
prospects, remains uncertain. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, 
lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets and caused

--- Page 48 ---
29 
 
 
disruptions in economic and commercial activities in Türkiye. The spread of the virus and measures taken to 
minimize its spread have resulted in volatility in gross domestic product, unemployment rates, foreign trade 
balances and housing prices, and may otherwise impact the Turkish economy. The outbreak of the COVID-19 
global pandemic impacted the Group’s business and the businesses of its customers. During the COVID-19 
pandemic, measures by the Turkish government to minimize its negative impacts on the economy impacted 
the Bank, such as postponments to assist customers that permitted borrowers to delay principal and interest 
payments by three months. The Group has reflected, insofar as it sees appropriate in the light of available 
information and developments, the possible effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on the economy. The Group 
had previously revised its macroeconomic expectations by taking the change in probability of default and loss 
given default into consideration.  However, the continued impact of the outbreak and the emergence of novel 
variants of the COVID-19 virus is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with certainty.   
Impacts to the Turkish economy and banking sector from COVID-19, the 2023 earthquakes, or other 
pandemics, natural disasters or catastrophies may be significant, which in turn may materially and adversely 
impact the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations in the following ways, among 
others: 
• 
reductions in business and consumer activity and financial transactions, which might lead to a 
reduction in demand for loans and/or the Group’s banking services that generate fee and commissions 
income; 
• 
the quality of the Group’s loans and other assets (and the value of collateral securing the same) might 
deteriorate, particularly in those sectors (such as automobiles, textiles, services, real estate and 
tourism) or those segments (such as the Group’s Commercial and SME segment) that are most 
dramatically impacted, which might lead, inter alia, to increases in provisions, NPLs and/or 
reductions in customer payments (e.g., loans under credit cards); 
• 
regulatory measures aimed to ease the impact of such events, such as COVID-19, might result in 
financial calculations that are not comparable to those of previous and later periods and/or alter the 
decision-making process of the Group and/or make it more difficult for investors to assess financial 
results on a comparative basis; 
• 
sources of liquidity available to Turkish borrowers (including the Group) might be reduced and/or 
more expensive, including if sentiments in capital markets further deteriorate or international 
investors reduce their exposure to Türkiye; 
• 
continued depreciation of the Turkish Lira could affect Türkiye’s current account deficit and/or the 
ability of Turkish borrowers to repay obligations denominated in (or linked to) foreign currencies, 
which could impact not only the Group’s own loan portfolio but also Türkiye’s economy generally, 
including by way of increased unemployment; and/or 
• 
some of the Group’s operations might be adversely impacted, such as due to impacts on the Group’s 
employees or customer access to branches. 
Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry 
The Turkish banking system is subject to systemic risks 
The Turkish financial sector has gone through major changes as a result of the financial liberalisation 
programme that started in the early 1980s.  The abolition of directed credit policies, the liberalisation of 
deposit and credit interest rates and liberal exchange rate policies, as well as the adoption of international 
banking regulations have accelerated the structural transformation of the Turkish banking sector.  Since the 
1980s, the Turkish banking sector has experienced a significant expansion and development in the number of 
banks, employment in the sector, diversification of services and technological infrastructure.  The significant 
volatility of the Turkish Lira and foreign exchange markets experienced in 1994, 1998 and in 2001, combined 
with the short foreign exchange positions held by many Turkish banks at those times, affected the profitability 
and liquidity of certain Turkish banks.  In 2001, this resulted in the collapse of several banks. 
Following this crisis, the Government made structural changes to the Turkish banking system to strengthen 
the private (i.e. non-governmental) banking sector and to allow it to compete more effectively against the

--- Page 49 ---
30 
 
 
state-controlled banks (Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”), Türkiye Vakiflar Bankası T.A.O. 
(“Vakıfbank”) and T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”)). In 2017, the state shares in Ziraat and Halkbank 
were transferred to the Turkish Sovereign Wealth Fund (Türkiye Varlık Fonu) (the “TWF”). However, there 
has been no change in the legal status of any of the banks transferred to the TWF, and the TWF is expected to 
be managed by the Türkiye Wealth Fund Management Joint Stock Corporation (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi 
A.Ş.), the sole shareholder of which is the Privatization Administration (Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı) of 
the Ministry of Treasury and Finance of the Republic of Türkiye. Notwithstanding these changes, the Turkish 
banking sector remains subject to volatility. 
If the general macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye and the Turkish banking sector in particular were to 
suffer another crisis, this could result in further bank failures, reduced liquidity and weaker public confidence 
in the Turkish banking system.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” in this Base Prospectus for a further 
discussion of the Turkish banking regulatory environment. 
Increased competition in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The level of competition in the Turkish banking sector has remained intense in the past several years as a 
result of the increased presence of public banks in the private sector and foreign bank interest in Türkiye. 
According to the BRSA, as of 30 June 2023, the top seven banking groups in Türkiye (including the Bank), 
three of which are state-controlled, held in aggregate, approximately 79% of the Turkish banking sector’s total 
loan portfolio, approximately 78% of total banking assets in Türkiye and approximately 86% of total deposits 
in Türkiye. Loan growth in the banking sector in Türkiye was 33%, 36% and 53% over the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and 41% over the nine months ended 30 September 2023, while 
deposit growth was 33%, 51%, 68% and 50%, respectively, according to BRSA weekly data. 
In addition to private banks, the Bank also faces competition from state-owned financial institutions, such as 
Halkbank, Vakıfbank and Ziraat.  These government-owned financial institutions historically focused on 
government and government-related projects but are increasingly focusing on the private sector (including 
retail and SMEs), thereby increasing competition and pressure on margins.  In particular, such 
government-owned institutions may have access to payroll accounts of state employees, low cost deposits (on 
which such institutions pay low or no interest) through State Economic Enterprises owned or administered by 
the Government, which could result in a lower cost of funds that cannot be duplicated by private banks.  
Continued expansion by government-owned financial institutions is, particularly when combined with 
ongoing competitive pressures from private financial institutions, expected to continue to adversely impact net 
interest margins in the Turkish banking market. 
During recent years, foreign banks have shown an increased interest in the banking sector in Türkiye. Foreign 
banks such as BNP Paribas, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Industrial and Commercial Bank of 
China, Burgan Bank, ING, Qatar National Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar and Emirates NBD have acquired 
interests in Turkish banks.  In addition, various banks, such as Odeabank and Bank of China, have also 
established their own franchises. The Bank believes that further entries into the Turkish banking sector by 
foreign competitors, either directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish banks, could further increase 
competition in the market.  In addition to direct investment, foreign banks are expanding their business 
presences in Türkiye, further increasing competitive pressures. For example the acquisition of Denizbank by 
Emirates NBD was completed in July 2019 and Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. announced the 
acquisition of a majority share in Garanti Bank, which acquisition completed in the first half of 2022. There 
can be no assurance that further competitive pressures will not result in continued margin compression, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not 
be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector 
The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to other applicable regulations might have a 
material adverse affect on the Group’s profitability, especially as competition or regulation limit the ability of 
the Bank to control interest rates or loan rates. 
Although steps have been taken to normalise the regulatory environment since June 2023, certain banking 
regulations (including those related to limiting loan growth and higher reserve requirements, including

--- Page 50 ---
31 
 
 
Turkish Lira fixed-rate long-term government bonds holding requirements) continue to make it challenging 
for the Bank to grow its loan book and/or to manage its margins. 
The Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which regulate, among other things, stress 
testing for liquidity and the calculation of internal capital adequacy, have been subject to frequent amendment 
in recent years in order to, among other aims, mitigate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, address 
macroeconomic concerns such as inflation and foreign exchange rates, including de-dollarisation of the 
economy, accomplish BRSA’s target of promulgating Basel III (as defined below in “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Basel III”) requirements (see also “—The Group is subject to changes in international and 
domestic banking regulation, which have in the past and may in the future change rapidly”), introduce 
changes to BRSA’s authority to write off Tier 1 and Tier 2 debt instruments and change the items included in 
equity calculation, and introduce changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and the risk-weighing of 
mortgages. If further amendments prove adverse to the Group they could have a material impact on its 
profitability and results. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” 
below) generally took effect as of 1 March 2020, with some of its provisions to take effect as of 1 April 2020. 
The New Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory 
Environment” below) abolished and replaced the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest. The 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees caps the POS commission rates that banks apply to purchases of 
goods and services by adding 0.45 basis points to the monthly reference rate announced by the Central Bank, 
if the amounts from such purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following 
the transaction. The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets forth standardised fees and caps 
for commercial customers. Accordingly, credit allocation fees are not to exceed 0.25% of the total credit limit 
allocated for the first limit allocation, and will not exceed 0.125% of the renewed limit in terms of any limit 
renewals. Credit utilisation fees are not to exceed 1.10% of the total credit utilised. Banks will not be able to 
charge any account maintenance fees for commercial customers. A cap on money transfer fees has been 
introduced, which varies in accordance with the amount of the transaction. In addition, caps have been 
introduced on credit card cash withdrawals. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit Card 
Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial 
Customers”. Such changes are likely to impact the Group’s net fees and commissions income. 
Since 31 October 2020, the Central Bank calculates the credit card interest caps based on monthly reference 
rates.  Separate rates are calculated for individual credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions (55 
bps above the monthly reference rate), foreign exchange (“FX”) transactions (80% of the montly cap for 
Turkish Lira transactions) and default interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions and FX transactions (each 30 
bps above the applicable monthly cap).  The monthly caps are calculated and published on the Central Bank’s 
website each month.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates and POS 
Commission Rates”.  
Still other regulations limit the expansion of individual loans (especially credit card instalments) and set the 
fees and commissions that banks may charge customers and limits their levels. BRSA approval is required for 
any Turkish bank to charge any fees and commissions other than as cited in the regulation.  
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations” for details on these 
amendments and other regulations impacting the Group.   
Determinations by regulators or courts of non-compliance with regulation has resulted in and may in the 
future result in the Group paying fines as well as other repercussions. For example, in 2013, an administrative 
fine of TL 149,961,870 was imposed on the Bank due a Competition Law infringment. A reduced fine of TL 
112,471,402.50 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for the cancellation of the 
fine. Subsequently, the decision was made to cancel the imposition of the administrative fine on the Bank, 
subject to appeal. The legal process is ongoing and the necessary process for the refund of the fine is expected 
to be initiated by the Bank. In 2011, an administrative fine of TL 14,211,048 was imposed on the Bank due to 
a Competition Law infringment. A fine of TL 10,658,286 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed 
by the Bank for the cancellation of the fine. The legal process by the Council of State has ended against the 
Bank. In 2016, an administrative fine of TL 116,254,138 was imposed on Bank due to a Consumer Protection 
Law infringment. A fine of TL 87,190,603 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for

--- Page 51 ---
32 
 
 
the cancellation of the fine. The legal process is ongoing. A tax penalty of TL 129 million was imposed on the 
Bank for the years 2008-2010, which the Bank settled with the tax authority by paying TL 25.8 million and a 
delay penalty. In 2020, an administrative fine of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank due to infringment 
of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 5684 and other relevant legislations provisions. A TL 140,328,637.50 
fine was paid as legal remission. 
The Group’s profitability may be materially and negatively affected in the short term and possibly in the long 
term as a result of a number of such regulatory factors that are generally impacting the Turkish banking sector.  
If the pressure on net reversals on loans, investment securities and credit related commitments continues, this 
may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial condition and results of operations as well as the 
Bank’s ability to make payments under the Notes.  Such factors include increased competition, particularly as 
it impacts net interest margins (see “—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—Increased competition 
in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group”) and the Central Bank and 
BRSA regulatory actions that seek to limit the growth of Turkish banks through various conventional and 
unconventional policy measures, including increased interest rates, increased reserve requirements, increased 
general provisioning requirements, changes in the foreign exchange legislation and higher risk weighting for 
general purpose loans. 
The Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in the past 
and may in the future change rapidly 
The Group is subject to a number of banking and other regulations designed to maintain the safety and 
financial soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations, and limit their 
exposure to risk. These regulations include the implementation of international standards (particularly in 
regards to Basel Committee on Banking Supervision requirements) as well as Turkish laws and regulations 
(and in particular those of the BRSA and the Central Bank), as well as laws and regulations of certain other 
countries where the Group operates.   
Banking laws and regulations in Türkiye and the manner in which those laws and regulations are applied to 
the operations of financial institutions are still evolving.  New regulations may be implemented rapidly, 
without substantial consultation with the industry, which may not allow sufficient time for the Group to adjust 
its strategy to deal with such changes.  New regulations may increase the Group’s cost of doing business or 
limit its activities.  Turkish banking regulations may rapidly change in response to the current economic 
environment. For example, in 2015 and 2016, the BRSA implemented numerous measures as part of its efforts 
of implementing Basel III which have come into force in recent years. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Basel III”. The BRSA from time to time promulgates new regulations and guidelines as part of 
its attempt to adjust the Turkish banking system to Basel requirements.  See “—The profitability and 
profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a 
result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”. 
In the future, new laws or regulations might be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that could 
increase the Group’s cost of compliance and have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, cash flows and/or results of operations.  In addition, a breach of regulatory guidelines could expose 
it to potential liabilities or sanctions.  Changes in these regulations may have a material effect on the Group’s 
business and operations.  Moreover, any failure to adopt adequate responses to such changes in the regulatory 
framework may have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results 
of operations. 
The Group is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Bank and its subsidiaries require licences by the relevant 
authorities in each jurisdiction in which they operate.  A large majority of the Group’s business depends on 
the Bank’s Turkish banking licence from the BRSA.  If the Bank loses its general banking licence, then it will 
be unable to perform any banking operations in Türkiye.  Although the Bank believes that it and its 
subsidiaries have the necessary licences for their banking and other operations and that each of the Bank and 
its subsidiaries are currently in compliance with their existing material licences and reporting obligations, 
there is no assurance that they will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future.  The loss of a 
licence, a breach of the terms of any licence or the failure to obtain any further required licences in the future 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial condition and/or results of operations.  Further

--- Page 52 ---
33 
 
 
description of the applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Audit of 
Banks” and “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Cancellation of Banking Licence” in the Base Prospectus. 
The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering and terrorist financing 
The Group has implemented internal measures compliant with international standards aimed at preventing it 
from being used as a conduit for money laundering (including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing.  
However, such measures, procedures and compliance may not be completely effective.  If the Group is 
associated with money laundering (including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing, the Bank could 
suffer serious damage to its reputation, including among its network of correspondent banks in foreign 
countries, which could affect its ability to maintain existing relationships, attract new business and provide 
services to its customers.  The Group could also become subject to fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement 
(including being added to any “blacklists” that would prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions 
with the Group), which could materially adversely affect the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations.  
In October 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Working 
Group on Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention. In this 
report, the OECD Working Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-bribery enforcement 
and recommended that Türkiye improve its efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute allegations 
of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in 
Türkiye’s corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and made several 
recommendations to address these concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the Financial Action Task Force 
(the “FATF”) placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated supervision of its 
legal framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate 
supervision of Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including 
having undertaken insufficient prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). 
Subsequently, the FATF rerated Türkiye in light of Türkiye’s progress in addressing the FATF’s concerns, 
such that as of October 2023 Türkiye is still on the grey list, although has only one recommendation 
remaining rated “partially compliant” and no recommendations rated non-compliant.  Nevertheless, any 
lasting perception of transactions involving Türkiye as being a higher risk jurisdiction may adversely impact 
investor’s willingness to invest in Türkiye and/or engage with Turkish banks or may subject transactions in 
Türkiye to heightened due diligence at additional cost, either of which could have a material effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
Optional Redemption – If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the 
market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period when the Bank 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed.  This may similarly be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Bank may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 53 ---
34 
 
 
Change of interest basis – If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in relevant Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as “Green”, “Social” and 
“Sustainable” Notes, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might 
not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche may provide that the net proceeds of the issuance 
of the Notes (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the financing and/or refinancing of a 
portfolio of loans (the “Eligible Loan Portfolio”) consisting of: (i) with respect to a “Green” financial 
instrument, certain eligible green loans (“Eligible Green Loans”), (ii) with respect to a “Social” financial 
instrument, certain eligible social loans (“Eligible Social Loans”) and (iii) with respect to a “Sustainable” 
financial instrument, Eligible Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans (“Eligible Sustainable Loans”), each 
in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework (the “Sustainable Finance Framework”), as 
further described in “Use of Proceeds” or the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may request, on an annual 
basis, starting one year after the issuance of any such Notes and until full allocation, a limited assurance report 
of the allocation of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to the Eligible Loan Portfolio, provided by a 
qualified external party. A prospective investor in any such Notes should have regard to the information in 
“Use of Proceeds” and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of such Notes and must determine for itself the relevance of such information (together with any 
other investigation that such investor deems necessary, including a review of the then-applicable Sustainable 
Finance Framework) for the purpose of any investment by such investor in such Notes. In addition, the 
Sustainable Finance Framework can be amended by the Issuer at any time without the consent of the 
Noteholders and none of the Issuer or the Dealers assumes any obligation or responsibility to release any 
update or revision to the Sustainable Finance Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances 
after the date of publication of the Sustainable Finance Framework. In particular, no assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Dealers, or any other person that the use of such proceeds for any such financing and/or refinancing 
of the loans in the Eligible Loan Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or part, any present or future 
expectations of such investor or any of such investor’s requirements with respect to any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor and/or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any uses, the subject of or related to, the Eligible Loan Portfolio. 
There is no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market consensus as to what constitutes 
or may be classified as, a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or similarly labelled project or as to what attributes 
are required for a particular project to be so considered, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly 
change. The EU’s proposed regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject to a phased implementation, may provide some definition 
for such topics within the EU. However, the full scope and applicability of the EU Taxonomy, as well as 
exactly when it will take effect, remains uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether by 
the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person) to any investor in such Notes that: (a) any financing and/or 
refinancing of the loans in the Eligible Loan Portfolio will meet all or any of such investor’s expectations 
regarding any “green”, “social”, “sustainability” or similarly labelled performance objectives or investment 
criteria, (b) any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation

--- Page 54 ---
35 
 
 
of any such financing and/or refinancing or (c) the Sustainable Finance Framework will be aligned with the 
EU Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that might or might not be made available in connection with the 
issuance of such Notes, including (in particular) to the extent addressing whether any financing and/or 
refinancing of any loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio fulfils any environmental, social, sustainability and/or 
other criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification does not, nor shall be deemed to, constitute 
a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any “green”, “social” or “sustainable” Tranche of Notes. Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors in any such Notes must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification, the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. Investors in such Notes 
shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or the provider of any such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification for the contents of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“social”, “sustainability” or other equivalently-labelled stock exchange or securities market (or segment 
thereof), whether or not regulated, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Dealer or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. In addition, the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading might vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of such Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) and 
obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that any financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio will be completed within any specified period or at all or with respect to the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environmental goals, social goals, sustainability goals or similar goals) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event, or the withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or 
any such report, assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Notes 
no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, or any such failure to 
apply the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) for any financing and/or refinancing of any 
loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and 
certifications and irrespective of the results or outcome or otherwise of any financing and/or refinancing of 
any loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio, as well as the existence of any potential mismatch between the 
duration of the financing and/or refinancing of a loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio and the term of such Notes 
will not: (i) constitute an event of default under such Notes or a breach or violation of any term of the Notes; 
or (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including any right to accelerate such Notes) of an investor in 
respect of such Notes against the Issuer; or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be 
a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any applicable optional redemption 
rights in respect of such Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes; or (iv) 
result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts, as applicable in respect 
of any Notes, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
36 
 
 
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Notes no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as above, may adversely affect 
the reputation of the Issuer and could have a material adverse effect on the value of an investment in such 
Notes and also potentially the value of any other notes, including (without limitation) notes which are 
intended to finance the Issuer’s financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 
and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018 to the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
EURIBOR are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such reforms may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; 
(ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or part) upon 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR).

--- Page 56 ---
37 
 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark discontinuation 
provisions under Condition 6.4 in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing EURIBOR. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, may 
adversely affect the return on and the market value of Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that in the case of certain Floating Rate Notes, the Conditions of the Notes provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a relevant benchmark including an inter-bank offered rate 
(such as EURIBOR) or the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) is discontinued or no longer published 
or another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") as applicable otherwise occurs.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes) on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), as applicable, and that such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, may be adjusted (if 
required) as a result of the replacement of the relevant benchmark with the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, and amendments could also be made to the Conditions 
of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement without the consent or approval of holders of the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be. In the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally 
recommended or provided for and any Benchmark Amendments, and any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and related amendments, the relevant replacement and 
adjustment (if any) and any such amendments shall be determined by (i) the Issuer following consultation 
with an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) or (ii) in the case of SOFR, by the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonably manner. Any Adjustment Spread or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
(each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) that is applied may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the 
application of an Adjustment Spread) or SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including with the application of a 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if 
the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser and the potential for further regulatory development, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of and 
return on any such Notes. Any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes and could also 
have a material adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR (“SOFR-Linked Notes”), interest will be 
determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes). 
Compounded Daily SOFR differs from interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR, in a number of 
material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SOFR is a backwards-looking,

--- Page 57 ---
38 
 
 
compounded, risk-free or secured overnight rate, whereas an interbank offered rate is expressed on the basis 
of a forward-looking term and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that there may be a material difference in the behaviour of interbank offered rates, such as 
U.S. dollar LIBOR, and overnight rates, such as SOFR, as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The 
use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in 
terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SOFR. 
The FRBNY publishes certain historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical 
indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SOFR 
as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. For example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or 
market rates (see “Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes—SOFR may be more volatile 
than other benchmarks or market rates” below). Accordingly, SOFR over the term of any SOFR-Linked 
Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption 
as an alternative to interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. For example, in the context of 
backwards-looking SOFR rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, currently exploring forward-looking ‘term’ SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term). The adoption of SOFR may 
also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from U.S. dollar LIBOR or 
another reference rate to SOFR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions of the Notes in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded Daily SOFR 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions 
when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). The nascent 
development of Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as 
continued development of SOFR-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
SOFR-Linked Notes issued under the Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR as a reference rate in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
SOFR as a reference rate across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SOFR is a relatively new market reference rate, Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SOFR, 
such as the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. 
Further, if Compounded Daily SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR may be lower than those of debt securities 
referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR may not be able to sell such Notes at 
all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in such Notes. If the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of

--- Page 58 ---
39 
 
 
interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR and the trading prices of such 
Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SOFR-Linked Notes 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the 
FRBNY, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an 
alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding 
conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on 
transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, 
is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider SOFR a suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which 
U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the 
unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any 
failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of 
Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR and the price at which investors can sell such 
Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SOFR-Linked Notes  
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant SOFR Observation Period (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(C)) and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating 
Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on 
each Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes 
without changes to their information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating 
Rate Notes shall only be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date 
on which the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable. 
SOFR may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes in Compounded 
SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value 
and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR may fluctuate more than 
floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the 
underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at times conducted 
operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a 
target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the 
future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. The effect of any such 
operations, or of the cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be 
materially adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked Notes. 
The interest rate on SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily SOFR, which is relatively 
new in the marketplace and may be determined by reference to the SOFR Index, which is a relatively new 
market index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR is 
based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant 
index) and not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an 
arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such Interest Period. The SOFR Index measures the cumulative

--- Page 59 ---
40 
 
 
impact of compounding SOFR on a unit of investment over time. The value of the SOFR Index on a particular 
business day reflects the effect of compounding SOFR on such business day and allows the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SOFR averages over custom time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will not be the same as 
the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable 
interest rate. Further, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during a Interest Period is negative, its 
contribution to the relevant compounded rate will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to such 
compounded rate used to calculate the interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SOFR on the interest payment date for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedents exist for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the FRBNY only began 
publishing the SOFR Index very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SOFR 
set out in the Conditions and the use of the SOFR Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily 
SOFR may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different 
calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any SOFR-Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes 
SOFR is published by the FRBNY as the administrator of SOFR based on data received from sources other 
than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. The 
administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR, or discontinue SOFR, and it 
has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. The FRBNY (or any 
successor) as the administrator of SOFR may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. In 
addition, the administrator of SOFR may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SOFR-Linked Notes will apply, as 
further described in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). 
There can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on any SOFR-
Linked Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest 
accrues on any SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest 
will be payable on such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of 
SOFR has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes in calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. In addition, the administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SOFR rate or other SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely affect the value and market price 
of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms  
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by them from sources other than the 
Issuer, and the Issuer has no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or the availability of the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given its 
relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SOFR Index 
is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is calculated, is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction in the amount of interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
where Index Determination is applicable and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may 
withdraw, modify or amend the published SOFR Index or other SOFR data in its sole discretion and without 
notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to 
the SOFR Index or other SOFR data that the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period 
has been determined.

--- Page 60 ---
41 
 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to TLREF 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Notes (“TLREF Referenced Notes”) will be determined by reference to the Turkish Lira Overnight 
Reference Rate (“TLREF”), interest will be determined on the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period by reference to the BIST TLREF Index and the relevant published 
TLREF Index (each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes). TLREF differs from the Turkish Lira 
Interbank Offer Rate (“TRLIBOR”) in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that 
TLREF is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas TRLIBOR has been expressed 
on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-element based upon inter-bank lending. 
As such, investors should be aware that TRLIBOR and TLREF might behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for Notes. The use of TLREF as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and is 
subject to change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing TLREF. Accordingly, 
prospective investors in any TLREF-Referenced Notes should be aware that the market continues to develop 
in relation to TLREF as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to TRLIBOR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of TLREF that differs significantly from that 
set out in Condition 6.2(b)(iv). In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing TLREF that 
differ materially compared with any previous TLREF-Referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing 
development of TLREF as an interest reference rate for the capital markets, as well as continued development 
of TLREF-based rates and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, might result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any TLREF-Referenced Notes from time 
to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of TLREF in the eurobond market might differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of TLREF in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of TLREF across these 
markets might impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of investments in TLREF-Referenced Notes. 
Since the BIST TLREF Index is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF 
might have no established trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop 
or might not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to TLREF, such as the spread over the 
index reflected in interest rate provisions, might evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an 
investment in TLREF-referenced securities might be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that also 
reference to TLREF. Similarly, if TLREF does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar 
or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in TLREF-referenced Floating Rate Notes 
might be lower than that of debt securities that are referenced to rates that are more widely used. An investor 
in TLREF-Referenced Notes might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that 
will provide that investor with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market and, as a result, that investor might suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk with 
respect to its investment in such TLREF-Referenced Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF entails significant risks not 
associated with similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it 
understands the nature of the terms of such Notes and the extent of its exposure to the risks related to such 
terms and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light of its own circumstances 
and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks associated 
with an investment in Notes that reference TLREF and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of the 
Interest Period for TLREF-Referenced Notes. Interest on TLREF-Referenced Notes is only capable of being 
determined immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for 
investors in Notes that reference TLREF to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on 
such TLREF-Referenced Notes, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such 
Notes. Further, if TLREF-Referenced Notes become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under

--- Page 61 ---
42 
 
 
Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, then the Rate of 
Interest (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such 
TLREF-Referenced Notes shall only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which such 
TLREF-Referenced Notes become due and payable. 
TLREF may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
holders of TLREF-Referenced Notes. As TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index are published by Borsa İstanbul, 
the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that 
TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF. If the manner in 
which TLREF is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent 
the BIST TLREF Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF will be determined using the alternative methods described in 
Condition 6.2(b)(iv). Such alternative methods might result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such Notes if TLREF and/or 
the BIST TLREF Index had been provided by Borsa İstanbul in its current form. In addition, the use of such 
alternative methods might also result in a fixed Rate of Interest being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors may need to open a bank account in the 
Specified Currency or payment may be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the 
currency in which payment is made may affect the value of the Notes or such payment to the relevant 
Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes, unless an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars as 
provided in Condition 7.10 is made, holders of such Notes may need to open and maintain a Turkish Lira-
denominated bank account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either in or 
outside of Türkiye.  For so long as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such 
a bank account will be unable to transfer Turkish Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of 
any sale of, such Notes) from its account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to which any such 
payment is made. 
Under Condition 7.10, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated 
Notes from the Bank after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent will use 
reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  If it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to purchase U.S. dollars 
with any Turkish Lira funds received, the relevant payments in respect of the Notes will be made in Turkish 
Lira. 
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira-denominated Notes 
for the purposes of Condition 7.10 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise may (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity 
of the applicable Notes, (b) a Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding 
changes in exchange rates or other market conditions and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect 
the conversion of the amount paid by the Bank in Turkish Lira, Noteholders will receive the relevant amount 
in Turkish Lira. 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other person for any reduction in value to the 
holder of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being 
made in the Specified Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as 
a result of any foreign exchange rate spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of 
such payment into any currency other than the Specified Currency.  Such exchange, and any fees and 
commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified Currency may result in a Noteholder receiving 
an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have obtained had it received the payment 
in the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had been made 
in accordance with the relevant currency election.

--- Page 62 ---
43 
 
 
Potential price volatility – Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience 
price volatility in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks Related to Renminbi denominated Notes  
Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”) may be issued under the Programme.  Renminbi Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are still significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC 
Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant 
reduction over the years by the PRC Government of control over trade transactions involving the import and 
export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These 
transactions are known as current account items. Currently, participating banks in a number of jurisdictions 
(the “Applicable Jurisdictions”) have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account trade 
transactions in Renminbi.  However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and out of the PRC for 
the purposes of capital account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining 
specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-
by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of 
Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing gradually. 
Although from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by 
the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-
border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) in 2018, 
there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future 
which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC.  In the 
event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Bank to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Notes and the Bank’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  Currently, licensed banks in Singapore and Hong Kong 
may offer limited Renminbi denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and 
specified business customers.  The PBoC has Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms for participating 
banks in the Applicable Jurisdictions through settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the 
clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the 
"RMB Clearing Banks"), and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of 
Renminbi trade transactions. 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC.  The 
relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions 
resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross border trade settlement.  The relevant 
RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions.

--- Page 63 ---
44 
 
 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be 
terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC.  The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi 
Notes.  To the extent the Bank is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, 
there is no assurance that the Bank will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.  If 
Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable to Renminbi 
Notes, the Bank can make payments in U.S. dollars (converted at the spot rate), if RMB Currency Events are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors.  
In August 2015, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the midpoint against the U.S. dollar 
to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint. This change, among others 
that may be implemented may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All 
payments of interest and principal will be made with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi unless otherwise 
specified.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or 
other foreign currencies, the value of investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will 
decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), the Bank is unable, or it is 
impractical for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the Conditions of the Notes allow the Bank to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided in more detail in the 
Conditions of the Notes.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other 
foreign currencies, the value of a holder’s investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will 
decline. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility.  The Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate.  
Consequently, the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in interest rates.  If a 
holder of Renminbi Notes tries to sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer 
that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the CNY Settlement Centre(s).  All Renminbi 
payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the 
CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and 
procedures, or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  
Other than described in the Conditions of the Notes, the Bank cannot be required to make payment by any 
other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank 
account in the PRC). This may affect the ability of the Bank to perform its obligations under the Renminbi 
Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
45 
 
 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder's investment in the Renminbi 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to 
acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be subordinated to those of certain 
other creditors 
Under Turkish law, certain obligations of the Bank will rank in preference to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve and/or liquidity requirements required by law to be 
maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual depositors with the Bank to the extent of 
any amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund of 
Türkiye (the “SDIF”), claims that the SDIF may have against the Bank and claims that the Central Bank may 
have against the Bank with respect to certain loans made by it to the Bank).  Any such preferential claims may 
reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank 
and may result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its investment. 
The Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank.  Accordingly, any 
claims against the Bank under the Notes would be unsecured claims.  The ability of the Bank to pay such 
claims will depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength and ability to generate 
asset flows. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons – The Bank will have the right to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence 
of certain changes requiring it to pay withholding taxes in excess of current levels, if any, applicable to 
interest or other payments on the Notes 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds issued by Turkish legal entities outside of 
Türkiye varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as specified under Decree No. 2009/14592 
dated 12 January 2009, which has been amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree 
No. 2011/1854 dated 26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax 
Decrees”). Pursuant to the Tax Decrees: (a) with respect to bonds with a maturity of less than one year, the 
withholding tax rate on interest is 7%, (b) with respect to bonds with a maturity of at least one and less than 
three years, the withholding tax rate on interest is 3%, and (c) with respect to bonds with a maturity of three 
years and more, the withholding tax rate on interest is 0%. Also, in the case of early redemption, the 
redemption date might be considered to be the maturity date and (if so) higher withholding tax rates might 
apply accordingly. The Bank will have the right to redeem the Notes at any time (including in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) prior to their maturity date if, upon the occurrence:  (i) of a change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9.1) or (ii) any change in the 
application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or 
amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Notes, on the next Interest Payment Date the Bank would be required:  (A) to pay additional 
amounts in respect of such Series of Notes as provided or referred to in Condition 9 on account of any Taxes 
(as defined in Condition 9.1) and (B) to make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the prevailing applicable 
rates on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Bank taking reasonable measures available to it.  Upon such a 
redemption, investors in such Series of Notes might not be able to reinvest the amounts received at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Notes and, in the case of any Floating Rate 
Notes, the redemption could take place on any relevant date during an Interest Period.

--- Page 65 ---
46 
 
 
This redemption feature is also likely to limit the market value of the Notes at any time when the Bank has the 
right to redeem them as provided above, as the market value at such time will generally not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may similarly be true in the period before such time 
when any relevant change in law or regulation is yet to become effective. 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and interests in Global 
Notes can only be held through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Although the Notes have been authorised by the CMB pursuant to Decree 32 regarding the Protection of the 
Value of the Turkish Currency and the Capital Markets Law and related legislation as debt securities to be 
offered outside of Türkiye, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered under any applicable 
state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws, or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory 
authorities.  The offering of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made outside of the 
United States pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and from other 
securities laws.  Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and other transfers of investments in the Notes may be 
subject to certain transfer restrictions.  Each investor is advised to consult its legal advisers in connection with 
any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer. 
Further to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Bank is required to notify the CRA within three Istanbul 
business days from the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes of the amount, issue date, ISIN (if any), 
interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of the Notes and 
the country of issuance. 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (as applicable) for the accounts of their respective participants, the 
liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the Global Notes may be reduced to the extent that some 
investors are unwilling to invest in notes held in book-entry form in the name of a participant in DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable.  The ability to pledge interests in the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) may be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate.  In the event of the 
insolvency of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any of their respective participants in whose 
name interests in the Notes are recorded, the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment 
of principal and interest on the Notes may be impaired. 
Enforcement of Judgments - Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against the Bank 
or its management 
The Bank is a public joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye.  Many of the Bank’s directors 
and executive officers are residents of Türkiye and a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank and such 
persons are located in Türkiye.  As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon 
the Bank or such persons outside Türkiye, or to enforce judgments or arbitral awards obtained against such 
parties outside Türkiye. 
Under the International Private and Procedure Law of the Republic of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), a judgment of 
a court established in a country, other than the Republic of Türkiye, may not be enforced in Turkish courts in 
certain circumstances.  Although Turkish courts have recognised enforceable judgments of English courts on 
the basis that there is de facto reciprocity between the United Kingdom and Türkiye with respect to 
enforcement of judgments of their respective courts, there is no treaty between the United Kingdom and 
Türkiye setting out the reciprocal enforcement of judgments expressly.  For further information, see 
“Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process”. 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law and the terms are specified with reference to that 
law as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  Similarly, the enforcement rights of the Noteholders 
against the Bank and its assets in Türkiye assume the application of Turkish law as presently in effect.  Any 
possible judicial decision or change to English or Turkish law or administrative practice after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may impact the Notes. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the

--- Page 66 ---
47 
 
 
Turkish Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate that is effective 
on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with Turkish law. 
The Global Notes are held by or on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes will be represented by one or more Global Notes, except in certain limited circumstances described 
in the Global Notes that may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined previously in this Base Prospectus), or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC.  
Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form.  Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it.  
While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Bank will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Global Notes must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes.  The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive bearer Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in bearer form in respect of such holding (should 
such Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  As a result, 
such binding decisions made by majorities of Noteholders may be adverse to the interests of potential 
investors. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 67 ---
48 
 
 
Further notes may be issued without the consent of the Noteholders 
The Bank may from time to time create and issue further notes without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, subject to terms and conditions which are the same as those of existing Notes, or the same 
except for the amount of the first new payment of interest.  Such new notes may be consolidated and form a 
single series with the existing Notes, provided, however, that such further notes may not be fungible with the 
original Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may adversely affect the value of the original 
Notes. 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act  
With respect to Notes issued after the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (such 
applicable date the “Grandfathering Date”), the Bank may, under certain circumstances, be required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”) to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30% on all or a portion of 
payments of interest which are treated as “foreign passthru payments” made on or after the date that is two 
years after the date the term “foreign passthru payment” is defined in a regulation published in the U.S. 
Federal Register to an investor or any other non U.S. financial institution through which payment on the Notes 
is made that is not in compliance with FATCA.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payments” have not been filed with the U.S. Federal Register.  
If the Bank issues further Notes after the Grandfathering Date in respect of an issue of Notes that was 
originally issued on or before the Grandfathering Date, payments on such further Notes may be subject to 
withholding under FATCA and, should the originally issued Notes and the further Notes be indistinguishable 
(as would likely be the case in such a “tap” issue), such payments on the originally issued Notes may also 
become subject to withholding under FATCA, unless such further Notes are issued pursuant to a “qualified 
reopening” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The FATCA withholding tax may be triggered if: (i) the 
issuer is a foreign financial institution (an “FFI,” as defined in FATCA), (ii) the issuer, or any paying agent 
through which payments on the Notes are made, has agreed to provide the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the 
“IRS”) or other applicable authority with certain information on its account holders (making the issuer or such 
paying agent a “Participating FFI,” as defined in FATCA) and (iii)(a) an investor does not provide 
information sufficient for the relevant Participating FFI that is making the payment to determine whether the 
investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a “United States account” of such FFI, or 
(b) any FFI through or to which payments on the Notes are made is not a Participating FFI or otherwise 
exempt from FATCA withholding on payments it receives. 
The United States has concluded several intergovernmental agreements (“IGAs”) with other jurisdictions in 
respect of FATCA. On 29 July 2015, the governments of Türkiye and the United States signed an Agreement 
to Improve International Tax Compliance Through Enhanced Exchange of Information (the “Turkish IGA”). 
Under the Turkish IGA, an entity classified as an FFI that is treated as resident in Türkiye is expected to 
provide the Turkish tax authorities with certain information on U.S. holders of its securities. Information on 
U.S. holders will be automatically exchanged with the IRS.  The issuer is an FFI and provided it complies 
with the requirements of the Turkish IGA and the Turkish legislation implementing the Turkish IGA, it 
generally should not be subject to FATCA withholding on any payments it receives and it generally should 
not be required to withhold tax on any “foreign passthru payments” that it makes. Although the issuer may not 
be required to withhold FATCA taxes in respect of any foreign passthru payments it makes under the Turkish 
IGA, FATCA withholding may apply in respect of any payments made on the Notes by any paying agent.  
The application of FATCA to interest, principal or other amounts paid on or with respect to the Notes is not 
currently clear. If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments on the Notes as a result of a holder’s failure to comply with FATCA, none of the 
issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes, be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected.

--- Page 68 ---
49 
 
 
Risks related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or 
may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes. 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group’s operating results, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory 
environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual 
or expected sale of a large number of Notes, as well as other factors, including the trading market for notes 
issued by or on behalf of the Republic of Türkiye as a sovereign borrower.  In addition, in recent years the 
global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations which, if repeated in the 
future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard to the Group’s results of operations 
or financial condition. 
Financial turmoil in emerging markets could cause the price of the Notes to suffer 
Türkiye is considered by international investors to be an emerging market. In general, investing in the 
securities of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging markets, like Türkiye, involves a higher degree 
of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United States, the countries 
of the EU or similar jurisdictions.  The market price of the Notes is influenced by economic and market 
conditions in Türkiye and, to a varying degree, economic and market conditions in both emerging market 
countries and more developed economies.  Financial turmoil in emerging markets in the past have adversely 
affected market prices in the world’s securities markets for companies that operate in developing economies.  
Even if the Turkish economy remains relatively stable, financial turmoil in these countries could materially 
adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
Foreign exchange risks and exchange controls- If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in 
the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the 
value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could 
result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to a devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
a revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.  An investor may also not be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts

--- Page 69 ---
50 
 
 
received in the Specified Currency into the Investor’s Currency, which could materially adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes.  There may also be tax consequences for investors. 
Interest Rate Risk – The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes. Any 
ratings of the Bank or the Group may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Notes, the 
global financial market, the Turkish banking sector, other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section or 
any other risks. Credit ratings assigned to the Notes do not necessarily mean that they are a suitable 
investment.  A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  The ratings do not address the 
marketability of the Notes or any market price. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA registered credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against 
a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 70 ---
51 
 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a public joint stock company under the Turkish Commercial Code. Substantially all of the assets 
of the Bank are located in Türkiye. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process 
upon the Bank outside Türkiye or to enforce against it in the courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any 
judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions. In order to 
enforce such judgments in Türkiye, investors should initiate enforcement lawsuits before the competent 
Turkish courts. In accordance with Articles 50 - 59 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law 
(Law No. 5718), the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a 
country other than Türkiye unless: 
(a) 
there is in effect a treaty between such country and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
court judgments, 
(b) 
there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) 
there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of 
Turkish courts. 
There is no treaty between Türkiye and the United Kingdom providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
judgments. Turkish courts have rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between 
Türkiye and England, and English law sets out certain criteria on satisfaction of which the courts of England 
and Wales may enforce foreign court judgments by way of summary proceedings, without substantive 
re-examination of the matters adjudicated upon; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant 
court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in 
England by Turkish courts. Moreover, there is uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original 
action in Türkiye based upon non-Turkish securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country 
other than Türkiye if: 
(i) 
the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural 
rights were not observed, 
(ii) 
the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Türkiye, 
(iii) 
the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Türkiye between the same parties and 
relating to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue 
and enforceable in Türkiye, 
(iv) 
the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(v) 
the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Türkiye, 
(vi) 
the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process 
under the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(vii) 
the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the 
Turkish Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate that is effective 
on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with Turkish law. 
Process may be served on the Bank at Beko plc located at Beko House, 1 Greenhill Crescent, Watford, WD18 
8QU, United Kingdom in relation to any proceedings in England in connection with any Notes issued under 
the Programme.

--- Page 71 ---
52 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
i. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 75 to 116 of the Base Prospectus dated 2 
December 2022, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/cc66a933-b322-
423d-8e8b-7b90a45335d1.PDF  
ii. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 76 to 117 of the Base Prospectus dated 22 
December 2021, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202112/8c54b434-8467-
4b65-b9c1-10060f534f4d.PDF; 
iii. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 68 to 102 of the Base Prospectus dated 10 
December 2020, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_fd34fd08-5012-4dbb-ba54-ab4840733f55.PDF; 
iv. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 68 to 101 of the Base Prospectus dated 23 
December 2019, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_089bc7f5-fe16-472c-8fdf-b5832170a450.pdf; 
v. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 73 to 103 of the Base Prospectus dated 4 
September 2018, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8a7c4f7b-0dfb-47d9-b7c7-0a70a2d76708.PDF; 
vi. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 65 to 94 of the Base Prospectus dated 29 
September 2017, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus%202017%2029.09.17_8209bb86-7609-
4ac7-a768-9b0bb46b50f8.PDF; 
vii. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 61 to 90 of the Base Prospectus dated 
30 September 2016, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at:  
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_66f62162-98f6-4c5a-a80e-76ca11851cc5.pdf; 
viii. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 57 to 86 of the Base Prospectus dated 27 
November 2015, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6d8fdaaf-97d5-4c9d-ad98-34fac8f7745e.PDF; 
ix. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 54 to 83 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 
November 2014, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_726161ed-5061-45b9-8476-
4805154be3b8.PDF?v=17102015; 
x. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 65 to 97 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 
September 2013, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_71dc8965-41c6-4da1-8db2-
07fdbf0fabbd.PDF?v=692015;

--- Page 72 ---
53 
 
 
xi. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-financials/2022/31122022-
consolidated_financials.pdf 
xii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2021/31122021_consolidated_financials.pdf; 
xiii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2020/31122020_consolidated_financials.pdf; 
xiv. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 
comparatives for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-financials/2023/30092023-
consolidated_financials.pdf;  
xv. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 (with 30 September 2021 
comparatives for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-financials/2022/30092022-
consolidated_financials.pdf; 
xvi. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2022/31122022-unconsolidated_financials.pdf; 
xvii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2021/31122021_unconsolidated_financials.pdf; 
xviii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the independent auditor’s report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2020/31122020_unconsolidated_financials.pdf;  
xix. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022

--- Page 73 ---
54 
 
 
comparatives for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2023/30092023-unconsolidated_financials.pdf; and 
xx. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 (with 30 September 2021 
comparatives for the statement of profit or loss) and the independent auditor’s review report of PwC 
thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2022/30092022-unconsolidated_financials.pdf, 
which shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of this Base Prospectus. No other part of the 
Issuer’s website forms a part of, or is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves 
incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable or of affecting the assessment of the Notes. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Due to mandatory regulatory requirements, the Bank rotated its auditors following completion of its annual 
audit as of and for the year ended 31 December 2016. Accordingly, the Bank appointed PwC as its 
independent auditor effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a term of three years. The Bank renewed PwC’s 
appointment as independent auditor for additional terms of one year each, effective 1 January 2020, 2021, 
2022 and 2023.  The Bank is required to again rotate its external auditors following the year ended 31 
December 2023. In compliance with this requirement, PwC, which serves as the Bank's independent auditor 
through 31 December 2023, will be replaced by Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited) as the independent auditor for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2024 after the approval of the first ordinary General Assembly. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2023 (with 
30 September 2022 comparatives) and as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 (with 30 
September 2021 comparatives) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been reviewed in 
accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim Financial 
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. See the English convenience translations of 
the relevant PwC reports incorporated by reference herein. With respect to the Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements, PwC has reported that it applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for 
a review of such information; however, its report states that it did not audit and does not express an opinion on 
such interim financial information.

--- Page 74 ---
55 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and Registered Notes will be issued in “offshore 
transactions” to non-U.S. Persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and 
may be issued within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions that are 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary 
Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
“Permanent Bearer Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer 
Global Note”) which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) only to the extent that certification 
(in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note are not U.S. Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. Person, as required by 
U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States 
and certain U.S. Persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any requirement for certification in the manner described above. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice 
to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 75 ---
56 
 
 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all 
interest coupons relating to such Notes (where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms):  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, referred to above provide that 
United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or 
interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian law of 
December 14, 2005. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S which will be sold in 
offshore transactions to persons other than U.S. Persons outside the United States will initially be represented 
by a global note in registered form (a “Regulation S Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, by a registered note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note”). Prior to expiry 
of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, 
Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S (including a Regulation S Global Note and 
Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes) or beneficial interests therein may not be offered or sold to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and such beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the 
United States or to U.S. persons may only be offered and sold in private transactions to “qualified institutional 
buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”). The Registered Notes of each 
Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a “Rule 144A Global Note” 
and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, each a “Registered Global Note”). No sale of Legended 
Notes (as defined under “U.S. Information” above) in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less 
than U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount. 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary and 
registered in the name of a nominee of that common depositary, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein 
and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 7.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes on the relevant Record Date. None of 
the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in 
definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register 
on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in 
the manner provided in that Condition.

--- Page 76 ---
57 
 
 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified 
the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative 
clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange 
Act and no alternative clearing system is available, (iii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently 
to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or 
(iv) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
(v) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall 
occur no later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Fiscal Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes but is to be consolidated with such existing Tranche on a date after the Issue Date 
of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, 
where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and 
CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the further Tranche is so 
consolidated, which shall not be prior to the expiry of any applicable distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will 
become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following the applicable due date. At the 
same time holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on 
the basis of statements of account provided by DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (such deed of covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 22 December 2021 and executed by the Issuer. In addition, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver 
definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with 
DTC's standard operating procedures. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
58 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in 
effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the 
Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held 
through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. Information in this section has been derived from the Clearing Systems. 
Book-Entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its 
participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct 
Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical 
movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National 
Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing 
agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC System is also 
available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect 
Participants” and, together with Direct Participants, “Participants”). More information about DTC can be 
found at www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org but such information is not incorporated by reference in and does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with 
respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial 
owners of DTC Notes (“Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to 
make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. 
Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will 
not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a 
mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in 
respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect Participant's 
records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial 
Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will 
not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co.

--- Page 78 ---
59 
 
 
or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to 
whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the 
DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may 
be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' accounts 
upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or 
such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment 
date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by Participants to 
Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC 
or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to 
Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners 
is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”. 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. The 
requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory 
purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct 
Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant 
agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below.

--- Page 79 ---
60 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants 
may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership of and Payments in Respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts 
with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by 
DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained 
by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC 
or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a 
portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note 
in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be 
converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will 
not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the 
responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, 
if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who 
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by 
a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate 
in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired

--- Page 80 ---
61 
 
 
if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or 
Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance with its rules and through action taken 
by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the relevant 
Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the issue date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from 
the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The 
securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders 
of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None 
of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their obligations under 
the rules and procedures governing their operations nor will the Issue, any Agent or any Dealer have any 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the 
Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 81 ---
62 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or [more/both]) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[./; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”).] Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
[more/both]) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[./; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.] 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable” 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable” 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and if following the ICMA 
1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 82 ---
63 
 
 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
 [Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
Monetary Authoriy of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]”.]5 
 
[Date] 
YAPI VE KREDİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the Notes) 
under the U.S.$11,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information].6 [The Base Prospectus and Final Terms have been published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[2 December 2022]/[22 December 2021]/[10 December 
2020]/[23 December 2019]/[4 September 2018]/[29 September 2017]/[30 September 2016]/[27 November 
2015]/[3 November 2014]/[20 September 2013]] [and the supplement to it dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2023. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus has been published 
on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)].] 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and if following the 
ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
5 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
6 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom nor offered 
in the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 83 ---
64 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/ the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/the next Coupon date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
USD Payment Election: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for Turkish Lira-denominated 
Notes) 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
7. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being used 
the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common

--- Page 84 ---
65 
 
 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations. The Calculation Amount is not 
relevant for Registered Notes.) 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[ ] month [EURIBOR] [Compounded Daily 
SOFR] [TLREF]] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [ ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [ ], 
paragraph [15/16] below applies, and, for the 
period from (and including) [ ] up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [15/16] 
below applies]/[Not Applicable][ ] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21] below) ] 
14. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated, unsecured 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 85 ---
66 
 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [ ] (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [ ] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the Stub Period, [ ] per Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [ ] (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [ ] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
67 
 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[ ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
● 
Reference Rate, Specified Time and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[[currency][EURIBOR] 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR] [TLREF]. 
 
 
Specified Time: [[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(11.00 a.m. in the case of EURIBOR. Where the 
Reference Rate is "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
only relevant if "Index Determination” is 
specified as being "Applicable") 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Brussels] 
[Istanbul][Not Applicable] 
(Where the Reference Rate is "Compounded 
Daily SOFR", "Relevant Financial Centre" will 
be "Not Applicable")  
 
● 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
(Second day on which the T2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, 
the 
second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but 
which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period), if Compounded Daily SOFR or 
the second TLREF Business Day prior to the day 
on which the relevant Interest Period ends if 
TLREF) 
 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back provisions 
appropriately) 
 
● 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[__] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]]/[Not Applicable]7 
(N.B. When setting the Observation Look-Back 
Period (p), the practicalities of this period should 
be discussed with the Fiscal Agent or the 
 
7 Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded Daily SOFR"

--- Page 87 ---
68 
 
 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
● 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]8 
 
●
Interpolation for Stub Period: 
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
●
Reference Rate 1: [[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR/]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
●
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 1: 
[ 
]/[Not 
Applicable] 

 
●
Reference Rate 2: [[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR]/[Not Applicable] 

 
●
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 2: 
[ 
]/[Not 
Applicable]  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
●
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000 ISDA Definitions/2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
●
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ]  
 
●
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (A Designated Maturity 
period is not relevant where the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
●
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
●
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
–
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix]  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
 
8 Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded Daily SOFR"

--- Page 88 ---
69 
 
 
Days: [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
●
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
–
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(N.B. When setting the applicable number of days 
with reference to the items above (if applicable), 
the practicalities of such period should be 
discussed with the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
●
Interpolation for Stub Period: 
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable] (If a Designated Maturity period is 
not applicable to the applicable Floating Rate 
Option, select ‘Not Applicable’) 

 
●
Floating Rate Option 1: [ ] 

 
●
Designated Maturity 1: [ ] 

 
●
Reset Date 1: [ ] 

 
●
Floating Rate Option 2: [ ] 

 
●
Designated Maturity 2: [ ] 

 
●
Reset Date 2: [ ] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for 
the 
[[long/short] 
[first/last] 
Interest 
Period]/[Stub Period] shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)]  
(Where the Reference Rate is "Compounded 
Daily SOFR" or in the case of ISDA 
Determination where a Designated Maturity 
period is not applicable to the applicable

--- Page 89 ---
70 
 
 
Floating Rate Option, select ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition [8.2]: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[ ]

--- Page 90 ---
71 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 
100 per cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the 
Early Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as 
to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:

--- Page 91 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered 
(i) in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of December 14, 2005, or 
(ii) in the United States of America.] 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 8 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes 
upon an Exchange Event] 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]  
 
 
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Note] 
 
 
(N.B. In the case of an issue with more than one 
Global Note or a combination of one or more 
Bearer Global Notes, specify the nominal 
amounts of each Global Note,  
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest to which paragraph 17(b) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to [Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on

--- Page 92 ---
73 
 
 
Definitive Notes: 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
26. 
Relevant Benchmarks: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name][repeat as necessary].  
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within 
the 
scope 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
27. 
RMB Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate 
[[ ] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
 
(b) 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information,] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of YAPI VE KREDİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
By: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 93 ---
74 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been/will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [ ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single series with a previous issue, 
need to indicate that original Notes are already listed and 
admitted to trading) 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”) and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the 
EEA and is not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in 
the [EEA/UK] but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the [EEA/UK] and registered under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”)/Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in 
the [EEA/UK] but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)/Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA

--- Page 94 ---
75 
 
 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in 
the [EEA/UK] and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)/Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
[EEA/UK] and registered under the CRA Regulation/UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] [Not 
Applicable]  
5. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
[CUSIP]: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]9, as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(e) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]10, as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
 
9 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.  
10 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 95 ---
76 
 
 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other than [DTC] Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(h) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]  
 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Category 2]; [Rule 144A] [Rules identical to 
those provided in TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(g)  
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(h)  
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 96 ---
77 
 
 
 
(i)  [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[ ]/[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes]. / [The 
Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes (or an amount equal thereto) to finance or refinance 
[Eligible Green Loans]/[Eligible Social Loans]/[Eligible Green 
Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans] (as defined in the Issuer’s 
[Sustainable Finance Framework]) (the “Eligible Loan 
Portfolio”)] [Further details on the Eligible Loan Portfolio are 
included in the Issuer Sustainable Finance Framework, made 
available on the Issuer's website in the investor relations 
sections at [ ]] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ]

--- Page 97 ---
78 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
“Applicable Final Terms” and “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. (the “Issuer”) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency 
Agreement dated 22 December 2021, as supplemented by (i) the supplemental agency agreement dated 2 
December 2022; and (ii) the second supplemental agency agreement dated 20 December 2023 (such Agency 
Agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent 
and exchange agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the “Exchange Agent”, which expression shall, in each case, 
include any successor fiscal agent and exchange agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents),The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch as transfer agent (together with the 
Registrar, as defined below, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agent) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the 
“Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive bearer form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”). 
References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches

--- Page 98 ---
79 
 
 
of Notes which (a) are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series and 
(b) have the same terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon, the date from which interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the Issue 
Price. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such deed of 
covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 
22 December 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the “Deed Poll”) dated 22 December 2021 and made by the Issuer and the Deed of 
Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of 
each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent and the other 
Transfer Agents (such agents the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
Registrar being together referred to as the “Agents”) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the relevant Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), the applicable Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and will be published on Euronext Dublin’s 
website (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). If the Notes are neither admitted to trading on (i) a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor 
offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) or the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to 
its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, 
and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement the Deed Poll, the Deed of 
Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets 
Law (Law No. 6362) of Türkiye and related legislation. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 99 ---
80 
 
 
1.2 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next two succeeding paragraphs. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a 
Registered Global Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the 
sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under 
the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published 
rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners 
through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the 
time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global 
Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered 
Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor’s nominee.

--- Page 100 ---
81 
 
 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must 
(i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in 
writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will 
be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement). Subject 
as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) being transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by 
uninsured mail to the transferor. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or Agent may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration and/or transfer. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any related Coupons are senior, direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) rank and will rank 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each, a “Security Interest”) upon, or with 
respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case 
of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes 
any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated; or 
(c) 
such other Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (which 
is defined in the Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by not less than three-quarters 
of the votes cast) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 101 ---
82 
 
 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any 
Security Interest upon, or with respect to, any present or future assets or revenues or any part thereof 
which is created pursuant to (i) a bond, note or similar instrument whereby the payment obligations 
are secured by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) 
(any such instrument, a “Covered Bond”), or (ii) any securitisation of receivables, asset-backed 
financing or similar financing structure (including, but not limited to, transactions under the Issuer’s 
diversified payment rights (“DPR”) securitisation programmes) (created in accordance with normal 
market practice) whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the 
benefit of such Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such assets or revenues (or in 
the case of Direct Recourse Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the 
aggregate value of assets or revenues subject to any Security Interest created in respect of 
(A) Covered Bonds and (B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse 
Securities) of the Issuer, when added to the nominal amount of any outstanding Direct Recourse 
Securities, does not, at any time, exceed 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as 
shown in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared and 
presented in accordance with BRSAAS). 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Direct Recourse Securities means securities issued in connection with any securitisation of 
receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in 
accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by such 
Security Interest or having the benefit of such Security Interest are to be discharged principally from 
such assets or revenues, or by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer; 
BRSAAS means the “Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding Banks’ Accounting 
Applications and Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 
1 November 2006 by the BRSA (as defined below) and other regulations on accounting records of 
banks published by the Banking Regulation and Supervision Board and circulars and interpretations 
published by the BRSA and “Turkish Accounting Standards” (“TAS”) and “Turkish Financial 
Reporting Standards” (“TFRS”) issued by the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards 
Authority (“POA”) for those matters not regulated by the aforementioned regulations. 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, 
loan stock or other securities which are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market and having an original maturity 
at issue in excess of 365 days or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a borrower under a loan 
participation note or similar transaction and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer 
shall take all necessary actions to maintain, obtain and promptly renew, and do or cause to be done all 
things reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, permissions, licences, 
approvals and authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and filings, 
which may at any time be required to be obtained or made in the Republic of Türkiye (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, with the Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the 
“CMB”) and the Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Authority (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme 
ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”)) for (i) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability 
thereof, or (ii) the conduct by it of the Permitted Business, save for any consents, permissions, 
licences, approvals, authorisations, registrations, recordings and filings (collectively, “Permissions”) 
which are immaterial in the conduct by the Issuer of the Permitted Business. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any Permissions relating to the Issuer’s ability or capacity to undertake its banking or financial

--- Page 102 ---
83 
 
 
advisory functions shall not be deemed to be immaterial in the conduct by the Issuer of its Permitted 
Business.  
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its 
Subsidiaries to, in any 12 month period, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any of its properties, revenues or assets to, or purchase any properties, revenues or assets 
from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, 
advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with or for the benefit of, any Affiliate 
(each, an “Affiliate Transaction”) which Affiliate Transaction has (or, when taken together with any 
other Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess of 
USD 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction and each 
such other aggregate Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the 
Issuer or such Subsidiary with an unrelated Person.  
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than 120 days after the end of each financial year, English language copies of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared and 
presented in accordance with BRSAAS consistently applied, including comparative financial 
information for the preceding financial year, and such financial statements of the Issuer shall 
be accompanied by the reports of the auditors thereon; and  
(b) 
not later than 90 days after the end of the first six months of each of the Issuer’s financial 
years, English language copies of its unaudited consolidated financial statements for such 
six-month period, prepared and presented in accordance with BRSAAS consistently applied, 
including comparative financial information for the corresponding period of the previous 
financial year.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5: 
Affiliate means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling 
or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the 
case of a natural Person, any immediate family member of such Person. For the purposes of this 
definition, “control”, as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, 
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. For purposes of this 
definition, the terms “controlling”, “controlled by” and “under common control with” shall have 
corresponding meanings.  
Person means (i) any individual, company, unincorporated association, government, state agency, 
international organisation or other entity and (ii) its successors and assigns.  
Permitted Business means any business which is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary 
to any of the businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date. 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a majority of 
the voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a 
majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and controls a majority of 
the voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Issuer.  
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this

--- Page 103 ---
84 
 
 
Condition 6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. In the case of any long or short 
interest period (a “Stub Period”), payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified in respect of such 
Stub Period. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive 
form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive 
form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or

--- Page 104 ---
85 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal 
Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where 
ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Floating Rate Option, any applicable Designated Maturity, the Reset Date and any 
applicable Compounding Method. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of 
interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, 
Relevant Financial Centre, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
 (a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the

--- Page 105 ---
86 
 
 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.2 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of 
(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (c) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency, (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (“T2”) is open or (3) in 
relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
public holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for 
business and settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below.

--- Page 106 ---
87 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i): 
(a) 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period (other than a Stub Period, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as 
defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2000 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the 2000 ISDA Definitions; or (ii) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, in each case, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (together, the 
“ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)  
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b)  
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c)  
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in 
the ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant 
confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
Where the relevant Floating Rate Option requires a Designated Maturity to be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, ISDA Rate for a Stub Period means a rate 
calculated by the Fiscal Agent by means of linear interpolation of the relevant ISDA 
Rate 1 and the relevant ISDA Rate 2 in accordance with market convention. 
ISDA Rate 1 and ISDA Rate 2 shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant to this 
sub-paragraph (i) on the same basis as the determination of the ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period that is not a Stub Period save that references in this sub-paragraph (i) to the Floating 
Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date shall be (i) in the case of the ISDA 
Rate 1, to the Floating Rate Option 1, the Designated Maturity 1 and the Reset Date 1, 
respectively, and (ii) in the case of the ISDA Rate 2, the Floating Rate Option 2, the 
Designated Maturity 2 and the Reset Date 2, respectively, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
88 
 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounded Index 
Floating Rate Option”, “Index Method” and “Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR or TLREF 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
(other than a Stub Period) will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page of that service 
which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
of that service which displays the information), the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum which the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or the

--- Page 108 ---
89 
 
 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
The Rate of Interest for a Stub Period means a rate calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by means of linear interpolation of the relevant Screen Rate 
1 and the relevant Screen Rate 2 in accordance with market convention. 
Screen Rate 1 and Screen Rate 2 shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2(b)(ii) on the same basis as the determination of the Screen Rate for an Interest 
Period that is not a Stub Period save that references in this Condition 6.2(b)(ii) to the 
Reference Rate and the Relevant Screen Page shall be (i) in the case of the Screen Rate 1, to 
the Reference Rate 1 and the Relevant Screen Page 1, respectively, and (ii) in the case of the 
Screen Rate 2, to the Reference Rate 2, and the Relevant Screen Page 2, respectively, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In this Condition 6.2(b)(ii), Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified as being 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (including a Stub 
Period, if applicable) will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), references to "Interest Period" shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include any Stub Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 109 ---
90 
 
 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart or 
SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the Specified 
Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or by 3:00 pm New 
York City time on the immediately following US Government Securities Business 
Day or such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication of the SOFR Index value in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily 
SOFR" for such Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will be determined 
in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(II)  applies to such Interest Period 
pursuant to the proviso in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the rate determined by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to paragraph 
(3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, will determine the SOFR Benchmark Replacement in accordance 
with the definition thereof with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark and, if the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent has so determined the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement:

--- Page 110 ---
91 
 
 
(I) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall also determine the method for 
determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the 
definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable (including (i) the page, 
section or other part of a particular information service on or source from which such 
rate appears or is obtained (the Alternative Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which 
such rate appears on, or is obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source (the 
Alternative Specified Time), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear on, or is 
obtained from, the Relevant Source in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the Alternative Relevant Date), and (iv) any alternative method for 
determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the 
applicable Alternative Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time herein shall 
be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
(III) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that (i) changes to the 
definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Period, SOFR Observation Period, Observation Look-Back Period, SOFR Reference 
Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day and/or (ii) any other technical 
changes to any other provision described in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), are necessary in 
order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any alternative 
method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (B)(I) above) as the SOFR 
Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary), the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall agree without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders to the necessary 
modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in order to provide 
for the amendment of such definitions or other provisions to reflect such changes; and 
(IV) 
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as practicable to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well 
as the details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (B)(III) above. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any applicable 
Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be applied to such 
ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the rate that 
would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be effective 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 111 ---
92 
 
 
Observation Look-Back Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily secured 
overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate); 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) or the SOFR Index, as 
applicable; 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or such 
other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" means the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be determined by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
determines that there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it 
shall select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of 
interest that it has determined is most comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 112 ---
93 
 
 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has 
been selected by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent to be applied to the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-
current SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for 
the purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall 
be consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means any person that has been appointed by the 
Issuer to make the calculations and determinations to be made by the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent described herein that may be made by either the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such person is a leading bank or other financial 
institution or a person with appropriate expertise, in each case that is experienced in such 
calculations and determinations; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Specified Time for such determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark; or

--- Page 113 ---
94 
 
 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), as such rate appears 
on the by the SOFR Administrator's Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the 
Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; or 
(3) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not 
SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date), then 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or the Alternative Relevant Date, as applicable) 
(the Affected Day), SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, 
the Alternative Relevant Source at the Alternative Specified Time on the Alternative 
Relevant Date. 
Specified Time means 3:00p.m., New York City time or such other time as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or any successor 
organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 114 ---
95 
 
 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), In the event the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent determines it appropriate, in its sole discretion, to consult 
with an Independent Adviser in connection with any determination to be made by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner but shall have no relationship of agency or trust with the 
Noteholders and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
in connection with any determination made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) or otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent consults with an Independent Adviser as to the 
occurrence of any SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and/or the related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof 
shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the 
absence of fraud) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall have no liability 
whatsoever to any Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be 
done, in relation to that matter in accordance with any such written determination or otherwise 
in connection with the Notes. 
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
(including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing TLREF 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified as being 
TLREF, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (including a Stub Period, if applicable) 
will, subject as provided below, be TLREF for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date (by reference to the 
relevant published TLREF Indices in respect of the relevant Interest Period) in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards). For the purposes of this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iv), references to “Interest Period” shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include any Stub Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
TLREF means, with respect to an Interest Period:  
⎩⎪⎨
⎪⎧
(
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
)
𝑛1
𝑛2
−1
⎭⎪⎬
⎪⎫
∗100 
(provided that, in the case of the first Interest Period, references to the “published TLREF 
Index on the second TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” 
shall be replaced by a reference to the “published TLREF Index on the day that is two TLREF 
Business Days preceding the first date of such Interest Period”); 
where:

--- Page 115 ---
96 
 
 
BIST TLREF Index means the TLREF value announced via the BISTECH Data 
Dissemination System (in Turkish: BISTECH Veri Paylaşım Sistemi) as published on the 
TLREF Relevant Screen. 
Calculation Agent means the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
financial institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for 
these purposes. 
n1 means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
n2 means the number of calendar days between: (a) the TLREF Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date (or such date (if any) on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from the 
Interest Period)) and (b) the TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment 
Date (provided that, in the case of the first Interest Period, reference to the “the TLREF 
Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” shall be replaced with a 
reference to “the TLREF Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Period”). 
published TLREF Index means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, the rate of return of 
TLREF on the next TLREF Business Day as determined by reference to the BIST TLREF 
Index that references the return on overnight repo transactions realised on the Borsa İstanbul 
Repo-Reverse Repo Normal Orders Market, all as published at the relevant time on such 
TLREF Business Day on the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
TLREF means the Turkish Lira overnight reference rate. 
TLREF Business Day means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which the BIST 
Repo-Reverse Repo Market (or the successor or replacement thereof) is open. 
TLREF Committee means the committee consisting of representatives of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of Türkiye, the Central Bank of Türkiye (the “Central Bank”), the 
Banks Association of Türkiye, the Capital Markets Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: 
Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the Istanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in 
Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. or any successor 
or replacement thereof. 
TLREF Interest Determination Date means, in respect of any Interest Period, the second 
TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which such Interest Period ends. 
TLREF Reference Rate means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the published TLREF Index on such TLREF Business Day. 
TLREF Relevant Screen means the “TLREF Indices” webpage that is available on the 
website of Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (borsaistanbul.com) (or any successor website). 
(B) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the applicable published TLREF Index is not 
available on the TLREF Relevant Screen or has not otherwise been published by the TLREF 
Committee, then the Rate of Interest in respect of the applicable Interest Period shall, unless 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in 
either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments) in accordance with Condition 6.4(e), be determined as if the published TLREF 
Index were calculated in the following manner: 
(I) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of: (i) the 
policy rate of the Central Bank prevailing at 5:00 pm (or, if earlier, the close of 
business in İstanbul) on the applicable TLREF Interest Determination Date and 
available 
on 
the 
Central 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
https://www.tcmb.gov.tr/wps/wcm/connect/EN/TCMB+EN/Main+Menu/Core+Funct
ions/Monetary+Policy/Central+Bank+Interest+Rates/1+Week+Repo 
(or 
any 
successor or replacement website) and (ii) the mean of the spread of the published

--- Page 116 ---
97 
 
 
TLREF Index to the policy rate of the Central Bank over the previous five TLREF 
Business Days on which a TLREF Reference Rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there are more than one highest spread, then only one of those 
highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there are more than one lowest spread, 
then only one of those lowest spreads). 
(II) 
Notwithstanding clause (I), if the TLREF Committee has published guidance as to: (i) 
how the TLREF Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the TLREF Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable to do so and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in 
writing, follow such guidance in order to determine the TLREF Reference Rate for 
any TLREF Business Day in such Interest Period and for so long thereafter as the 
published TLREF Index remains unavailable on the TLREF Relevant Screen or is not 
otherwise published by the TLREF Committee. 
(III) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined by reference to clauses (I) and (II), then the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be: (i) the Rate of Interest determined as of the last 
preceding TLREF Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding TLREF Interest Determination Date, then the initial Rate of 
Interest that would have been applicable to the applicable Notes for the first Interest 
Period of such Notes had such Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
their first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the applicable Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to such first Interest Period). 
(IV) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of 
Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in Condition 6.3. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period.

--- Page 117 ---
98 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
“Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note;  
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive form, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Registered Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
 
 
where: 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 118 ---
99 
 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
 
 
where: 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based

--- Page 119 ---
100 
 
 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then such rate shall be determined by reference to the relevant rate that 
would apply in accordance with the applicable Screen Rate Determination or Floating Rate Option 
provisions as the case may be, where the relevant reference rate is otherwise unavailable. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.2, whether 
by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable), the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes (or in the case of the redemption of part only of any Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for their redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid (or, in the case of 
the redemption of part only of such Note, all amounts in respect of such part thereof); and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.4 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) above (other than in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded 
Daily SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall not apply), if the Issuer, 
following consultation with an Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.4(a) below and acting in

--- Page 120 ---
101 
 
 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or component part 
thereof remains to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, the following 
provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall apply.  
(a)  
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.4(b)) and, in each case, an 
Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 6.4(c)) and any other required Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.4(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.4. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.4(a) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred and that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread as provided in Condition 6.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate (as 
adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 6.4(c)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.4(b), the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread which may be expressed as a specified 
quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread and which 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of the Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as 
applicable.  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.4 and the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and/or, in each case, Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in

--- Page 121 ---
102 
 
 
accordance with Condition 6.4(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders 
or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.4(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined under this Condition 6.4, will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than notifying the Calculation Agent 
of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment Spread, and (D) where 
applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.4; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the 
applicable the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding upon the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 6.4, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b)(ii) will continue 
to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with Condition 6.4(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.4, then the Original Reference Rate will continue to 
apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue 
to apply to such determination. 
The preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date only and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.4. 
(g) 
Defined Terms

--- Page 122 ---
103 
 
 
As used in this Condition 6.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and which is the spread, formula or methodology that: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause 
(i) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate the Issuer determines, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital market transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, 
so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.4(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.4(d); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; 
(b) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances in which no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (d)(i); 
(e) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used (either generally or in respect of the Notes) or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i); 
(f) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be

--- Page 123 ---
104 
 
 
made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as that Regulation applies in the 
European Union and/or as it applies in the United Kingdom in the form retained as domestic 
law in the United Kingdom under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended, if 
applicable); 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to 
the Notes; or 
(h) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will no longer be representative or 
may no longer be used, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (h)(i); 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 6.4(a); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, 
such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has 
replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original 
Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of: (i) the central bank for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency. 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to: (i) any fiscal 
or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, or other laws and regulations 
to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9

--- Page 124 ---
105 
 
 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof (“FATCA”) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to 
FATCA. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 7.1 above only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
presentation and endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum 
so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 9 in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 10 or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in 
relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, 
where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment, 
distinguishing between payments of principal and payments of interest, will be made on such Global 
Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented.

--- Page 125 ---
106 
 
 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such 
payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the 
first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the 
Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar outside of the United Kingdom (the “Register”) at 
(i) where in global form, the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) in all other cases, the close of business on the 15th day (or, if 
such 15th day is not a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located), the first such day prior to such 15th day before the relevant due date (the 
“Record Date”). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated 
Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its 
approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque 
in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
“Designated Account” means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means a bank which processes payments in 
such Specified Currency. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date at the address of 
such holder shown in the Register on the Record Date and at that holder’s risk. Upon application of 
the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in 
respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all 
future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes 
which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the 
Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of 
each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer 
by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the

--- Page 126 ---
107 
 
 
records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal 
and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
Istanbul; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(iii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and

--- Page 127 ---
108 
 
 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9. 
7.8 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of the Notes denominated in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and 
regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre). 
7.9 
RMB Currency Event 
If RMB Currency Events are specified in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event 
occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon, 
the Issuer’s obligation to make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by 
payment of such amount in U.S. dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days 
before the relevant due date for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the 
relevant RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon as practicable following such occurrence, stating the 
occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (and 
subject in the case of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of 
Condition 6.2(f)): 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong; 
PRC means the People’s Republic of China which, for the purposes of these Conditions, shall exclude 
Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan; 
Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and New York City; 
Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, if any amount, in 
whole or in part, under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign exchange 
dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due in 
respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely 
to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental

--- Page 128 ---
109 
 
 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate 
Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking 
into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, 
among other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB non-deliverable exchange market in 
Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign 
exchange market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on 
the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace 
that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
7.10 
U.S. dollar exchange and payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than 
through DTC 
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Specified Currency is 
Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a Registered Global Note registered in 
the name of DTC or its nominee, a Noteholder as of the applicable Record Date may, not more than 
10 and not less than five Business Days before the due date (the “Relevant Payment Date”) for the 
next payment of interest and/or principal on a Note (such period, the “USD Election Period”), give 
an irrevocable election to any Agent to receive such payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish Lira 
(each, a “USD Payment Election”). Each Agent to which such an election is given shall notify the 
Fiscal Agent on the Business Day following each USD Election Period of the USD Payment Elections 
made by the Noteholders during such USD Election Period and upon its receipt of such notification 
the Fiscal Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the total amount of Turkish Lira (the “Lira 
Amount”) to be paid by the Issuer in respect of the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Elections 
and which is to be converted into U.S. dollars and paid to the holders of such Notes on the Relevant 
Payment Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.10 and Clause 7 of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately 
following payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Election 
and, unless a USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and 
principal on those Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the 
Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent, 
which shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date 
at a purchase price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, 
which conversion shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to 
that which the Exchange Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, 
taking into account any spread, fees, commission or charges on foreign exchange transactions 
customarily charged by it in connection with such conversions, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”). In 
no event shall any Agent be liable to any Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for the conversion 
rate so used.

--- Page 129 ---
110 
 
 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira is 
limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails to make 
any payment on the Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the 
relevant outstanding Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other 
amount as a result of any change in the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date and the date 
on which such payment is made in full. 
(c) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this Condition 7.10 and 
the Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall notify the Fiscal Agent of: (i) the total amount of 
U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount, and (ii) the Applicable Exchange Rate at which 
such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent. On each Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal 
Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders of such U.S. dollar amount and Applicable Exchange Rate 
in accordance with Condition 15 as so notified to it by the Exchange Agent. 
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will need to have received cleared funds 
from the Issuer on the Relevant Payment Date by no later than 11.00 a.m. (London time) in the case 
of a payment of interest or principal becoming due in order to make any payments to Noteholders on 
such Relevant Payment Date, including any such payments in U.S. dollars. If the Fiscal Agent 
receives cleared funds from the Issuer after such time, then the Fiscal Agent will use reasonable 
efforts to pay the funds (including any so converted US Dollar amounts) as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase U.S. dollars 
with the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as 
soon as practicable upon receipt of such notification from the Exchange Agent, promptly notify the 
Noteholders of such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all payments on the Notes on the 
Relevant Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective 
of any USD Payment Election made. 
(e) 
To give a USD Payment Election: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, a Noteholder must deliver at the specified office of any 
Agent, on any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly signed and 
completed USD Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
any specified office of any Agent and in which the holder must specify a USD bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.10 accompanied by the relevant Notes 
or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that such Notes will, following the delivery of 
the USD Payment Election, be held to the Agent’s order or under its control until the 
applicable US Dollar payment is made; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in global form, a Noteholder must, on any Business Day falling within 
the USD Election Period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable (which 
may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for any of them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, from 
time to time. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs of the purchase of 
U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro rata by the relevant Noteholders relative to the 
Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment Elections, which pro rata amount will be 
deducted from the U.S. dollar payment made to such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent 
or any other Person shall have any obligation whatsoever to pay any related foreign exchange rate 
spreads, commissions or expenses or to indemnify any Noteholder against any difference between the 
U.S. dollar amount received by such Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have 
been payable to the Noteholder if it had not made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) the 
Issuer shall not have any liability or other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion 
into U.S. dollars of any amount paid by it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any 
U.S. dollar amount to the applicable Noteholders.

--- Page 130 ---
111 
 
 
7.11 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than US Dollars 
In the case of any Notes represented by a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, payments in respect of 
such Notes will be made in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in such Notes 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency in the manner specified in 
the Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9 or any change or clarification in the application or 
official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or 
amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt and for the purposes of this 
Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the 
next Interest Payment Date the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9; and 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction, at a rate in excess of the prevailing 
applicable rates on such date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it 
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, 
then the Issuer may at its option, having given not less than the minimum period and not more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at any time at their Early Redemption 
Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior 
to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the requirement 
referred to in sub-paragraph (a) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of the change or amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being 
referred to as an “Issuer Call”. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any 
Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer 
Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed 
and the applicable notice periods.

--- Page 131 ---
112 
 
 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (a) not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notices shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will 
be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put”. The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8.4 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, or DTC at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, 
if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if 
less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be 
sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive 
bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under 
its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC as applicable, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such

--- Page 132 ---
113 
 
 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
as the case may be (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, DTC from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice 
to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 above and Condition 11: 
(a) 
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) in any manner, at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar 
for cancellation. 
8.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.6 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and cannot be 
reissued or resold.

--- Page 133 ---
114 
 
 
8.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 
is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5(b) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the 
Note or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with any Relevant 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
where such withholding or deduction would not have been imposed but for the failure of the 
applicable holder or beneficial owner of such payment to comply with any certification, 
identification, information, documentation or other reporting requirement to the extent 
(a) such compliance is required by applicable law, administrative practice or an applicable 
treaty as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or 
withholding of, such Taxes and (b) such obligor shall have notified such recipient in writing 
that such recipient will be required to comply with such requirement; or 
(c) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Türkiye; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to FATCA (including pursuant to any agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the Code) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Relevant Date means with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the money payable has not been duly received 
by the Fiscal Agent, on or prior to the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 134 ---
115 
 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Republic of Türkiye or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes. 
9.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 9. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 therefor). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
(A) 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent) that such Note 
is, and it shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment if any of the following 
events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 
14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
14 days following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of 
default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make 
any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment, subject to any applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; 
or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment 
due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money of any other person, subject to any applicable grace period provided that 
the aggregate principal amount of any such (A) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the 
Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or 
(B) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in relation to which such guarantee and/or indemnity 
of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary has been given in the case of (iv) above, exceeds 
U.S.$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies; or 
(d) 
if 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on 
the whole or a substantial part of its business, save as provided below, and save for

--- Page 135 ---
116 
 
 
the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or 
any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to 
or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found by a competent 
authority to be (or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or 
more of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or 
a substantial part of its indebtedness; or  
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (I) takes any corporate action or other 
steps are taken or legal proceedings are started (x) for its winding-up, dissolution, 
administration, bankruptcy or re-organisation (other than for the purposes of and 
followed by a reconstruction whilst solvent upon terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders), or (y) for the appointment of a liquidator, 
receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of it or any 
substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (II) it shall or proposes to make a 
general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or shall enter into any composition 
with its creditors, 
in each case in (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
re-organisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of all 
or substantially all of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or another Subsidiary of the Issuer; or  
(e) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the Issuer is 
transferred to the Savings and Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the Banking 
Law (Law No. 5411) of Türkiye. 
11.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities; or  
(b) 
any borrowed money; or  
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit.  
Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to 
which the then latest audited consolidated BRSAAS financial statements of the Issuer relate, 
are equal to) not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited BRSAAS financial statements 
(consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, provided that: 
(i) 
if the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer show negative assets at 
the end of the relevant financial period, the financial statements shall be read as if 
words “net assets” were substituted by the words “total assets”, for the purposes of 
this definition; and  
(ii) 
in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period 
to which the then latest audited consolidated BRSAAS financial statements of the 
Issuer relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated BRSAAS financial 
statements of the Issuer for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until

--- Page 136 ---
117 
 
 
consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such 
first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by 
reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate 
by the Issuer;  
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material 
Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (b) but shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary on 
the date of publication of its next audited BRSAAS financial statements unless it would then 
be a Material Subsidiary under sub-paragraph (a) above; or  
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, represented (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated BRSAAS financial statements of the Issuer relate, represent) not less than 
15 per cent., of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer taken as a whole (calculated as set 
out in sub-paragraph (a) above), provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material 
Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless 
immediately following such transfer, its assets represent not less than 15 per cent., of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer (calculated as set out in sub-paragraph (a) above), and 
the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this 
sub-paragraph (c) on the date of the publication of its next audited BRSAAS financial 
statements, save that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a 
Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above 
or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition.  
A report by the auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties.  
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, 
defacement or destruction and (b) indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. 
If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will 
be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be (in the case of Bearer Notes) a Paying Agent 
(which may be the Fiscal Agent) and (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent 
(which may be the Registrar) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority;

--- Page 137 ---
118 
 
 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent with a specified office in New York City; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) 
at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange 
or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
For so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, there may be substituted for such publication 
in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice 
will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second business day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as applicable. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent or

--- Page 138 ---
119 
 
 
the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a video conference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum 
at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
16.2 
Modification 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of any of these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, either (i) for the purpose of curing any 
ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other 
defective provision contained herein or therein or (ii) following the advice of an independent financial 
institution of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the 
Fiscal Agent agrees otherwise any such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
and Couponholder in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the date from which 
interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the Issue Price, so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Notes provided that such further notes may not be fungible 
with the original notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may adversely affect the value of 
the original Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 139 ---
120 
 
 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Deed Poll the Notes and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High 
Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate 
court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice 
of England and Wales) is to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non 
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and 
accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in 
London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any 
judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales). 
The Issuer waives any objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and 
any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or 
order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales)on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceeding relating to 
any non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) 
against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales)according to the provisions of Article 54 of the International Private and 
Procedural Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any action is brought in relation to 
the Issuer in a court in Türkiye in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in addition to other 
permissible legal evidence pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100), any 
judgment obtained in the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent 
United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally 
of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) in connection with such action shall constitute 
conclusive evidence of the existence and amount of the claim against the Issuer, pursuant to the 
provisions of the first paragraph of Article 193 of the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 
6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the International Private and Procedural Law of Türkiye (Law No. 
5718). 
19.4 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Service of process may be made upon the Issuer at the offices of Beko plc located at Beko House, 1 
Greenhill Crescent, Watford, WD18 8QU, United Kingdom, in respect of any Proceedings in England 
and undertakes that in the event of such process agent ceasing so to act it will appoint another person 
as its agent for that purpose. 
19.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United 
Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the

--- Page 140 ---
121 
 
 
High Court of Justice of England and Wales) and appointed an agent for service of process, in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 141 ---
122 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including 
(as applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. 
The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each issue of 
Notes either: (i) for its general corporate purposes, or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, an 
Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework which can be found on the Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/list-document/Sustainable-
Bonds/571/0/0, as updated from time to time). However, for any particular Series, the Bank may agree (and so 
specify in the Final Terms for the Tranche(s) of such Series) with the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) that the 
proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used for one or more other specific purpose(s). The 
use of proceeds, if any, provided in the Final Terms for each Tranche in a Series with more than one Tranche 
shall be the same. 
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of any net proceeds of any of the Notes (or an 
amount equal thereto) in financing and/or refinancing the relevant Eligible Loan Portfolio, such proceeds are 
intended to be held by the Issuer in cash and/or cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments. 
Assets allocated under the Sustainable Finance Framework will not be knowingly used to finance/refinance 
loans the proceeds of which are (to the best of the Issuer’s knowledge) intended to be used for purposes 
covered by the Issuer’s “Exclusion List” as detailed on the Issuer’s website (as of December 2023 at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/codeofethicsandpolicies/2020/yk_environmental_a
nd_social_policy.pdf). 
The Issuer engaged an independent party to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on 
the Sustainable Finance Framework. This opinion can be found on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/list-document/Sustainable-
Bonds/571/0/0.   
The Issuer may amend or update the Sustainable Finance Framework or obtain additional or new second-party 
opinions and/or certificates during the life of any Tranche of the Notes, in which case it will update such 
information on its website. 
As outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework, the Issuer intends to publish a green, social and/or 
sustainable finance annual report on the allocation of the proceeds of any of the Notes that are used in 
financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, an Eligible Loan Portfolio and their environmental and/or 
social impact and may, but is not obliged to, request a limited assurance report to be provided by a qualified 
external party in respect thereof. Reporting will be renewed annually until full allocation of such proceeds. 
Under the Sustainable Finance Framework, Eligible Green Loans include loans falling within the categories of 
(i) renewable energy, (ii) green buildings, (iii) clean transportation, and (iv) energy efficiency. Eligible Social 
Loans include loans falling within the categories of (i) access to essential services, including healthcare and 
education, and (ii) employment generation and programs designed to prevent and/or alleviate unemployment 
stemming from socioeconomic crises, including through the potential effect of SME financing and 
microfinance. 
As a requirement of the CMB Approval for Sustainable Issuance, the net proceeds from each issue of 
Sustainable Notes (as defined below) are required to be applied by the Issuer, exclusively, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, an Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined in the Sustainable Finance Framework 
which can be found on the Issuer’s website at https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-
markets/list-document/Sustainable-Bonds/571/0/0, as updated from time to time). 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes, the proceeds of which (or an amount equal thereto) are 
intended to be used towards the financing and/or refinancing of, in whole or in part, an Eligible Loan 
Portfolio. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Sustainable Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion 
nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions, certifications or contents of any of the websites 
referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are

--- Page 142 ---
123 
 
 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion, certification nor the Sustainable Finance 
Framework are, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the 
date of that opinion or as at the date that such certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in any such 
Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. Prospective investors in any such Notes should also refer to the risk factor above 
headed, "In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as “Green”, “Social” and 
“Sustainable” Notes, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not 
meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria.” 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the ordinary course of its activities, the Issuer will continue to fund other projects, loans, investments and 
expenditure which are not considered Eligible Loan Portfolio, including in sectors identified in the “Exclusion 
List” section of the Sustainable Finance Framework.

--- Page 143 ---
124 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, selected consolidated financial information of the 
Bank and its subsidiaries derived from the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 and Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 comparatives) incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should read the following information in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial 
and other Information”, the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 
2022, 2021 and 2020 and the Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 
30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 comparatives).

--- Page 144 ---
125 
 
 
Balance Sheet Data 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Assets
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (Net) ..........................................
16,221,572 
444,093,104 
15,728,851 
294,102,783
213,056,244 
107,243,330 
Cash and cash equilvalents.............................................
11,865,613 
324,841,323 
10,406,131 
194,576,967
155,621,362 
75,695,905 
Cash and balances at Central Bank....................................
9,975,596 
273,098,906 
8,173,519 
152,830,903
119,748,241 
57,682,554
Banks.................................................................................
1,706,482 
46,717,834 
2,130,943 
39,845,017
34,404,358 
16,485,974
Money Markets .................................................................
218,551 
5,983,200 
134,491 
2,514,757
1,809,366 
1,700,842 
Provisions for Expected Losses (-)
35,016 
958,617 
32,822 
613,710
340,603 
173,465 
Financial assets where fair value changes reflected 
to income statement ....................................................
72,853 
1,994,481 
121,449 
2,270,895
801,654 
676,765 
Government debt securities ...............................................
18,378 
503,141 
19,533 
365,229 
206,645 
276,714 
Share Certificates ..............................................................
15,008 
410,869 
79,455 
1,485,674 
305,324 
238,703 
Other financial assets.........................................................
39,467 
1,080,471 
22,462 
419,992 
289,685 
161,348 
Financial assets where fair value through other 
comprehensive income statement...................................
3,419,303 
93,609,232 
4,196,718 
78,471,491 
34,797,510 
25,100,560
Government debt securities ...............................................
3,336,558 
91,343,943 
4,085,770 
76,396,958 
33,752,392 
22,992,471 
Share Certificates ..............................................................
7,146 
195,632 
9,403 
175,822 
91,075 
88,278 
Other financial assets.........................................................
75,599 
2,069,657 
101,545 
1,898,711 
954,043 
2,019,811 
Derivative financial assets...............................................
863,803 
23,648,068 
1,004,553 
18,783,430 
21,835,718 
5,770,100 
Derivative financial assets where fair value change is 
reflected to income statement............................................
599,817 
16,421,022 
611,041 
11,425,433 
18,303,230 
5,223,442 
Derivative financial assets where fair value change is 
reflected to other comprehensive income statement ..........
263,985 
7,227,046 
393,512 
7,357,997 
3,532,488 
546,658 
FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT 
AMORTISED COST (Net) ............................................
40,722,399 
1,114,844,900 
42,389,652 
792,614,426 
509,945,105 
345,381,070
Loans.................................................................................
30,088,465 
823,722,888 
33,596,017 
628,188,410 
422,805,961 
300,869,898
Receivables From Leasing Transactions (Net) .................
1,129,190 
30,913,502 
1,098,932 
20,548,153 
15,438,328 
10,971,858
Factoring Receivables ......................................................
478,075 
13,088,126 
667,519 
12,481,468 
6,118,230 
5,369,999
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .................
10,591,306 
289,955,020 
9,028,963 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
53,028,224
Government debt securities ...............................................
10,186,155 
278,863,309 
8,751,018 
163,629,166 
91,916,790 
50,961,025 
Other financial assets.........................................................
405,151 
11,091,711 
277,945 
5,197,091 
4,370,022 
2,067,199 
Provisions for Expected Losses (-)....................................
1,564,638 
42,834,636 
2,001,779 
37,429,862 
30,704,226 
24,858,909 
ASSETS HELD FOR RESALE AND RELATED 
TO DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Net) ................
39,662 
1,085,806 
58,064 
1,085,705 
1,354,937 
724,207 
Held for sale Purposes.......................................................
39,662 
1,085,806 
58,064 
1,085,705 
1,354,937 
724,207 
Related to Discontinued Operations ..................................
— 
— 
— 
—
— 
—   
INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES, 
SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES..................
208,825 
5,716,939 
192,407 
3,597,693 
2,522,147 
1,604,601 
Investments in associates (Net) ......................................
207,645 
5,684,623 
190,679 
3,565,377 
2,514,847 
1,574,427 
Consolidated based on Equity Method ..............................
206,240 
5,646,177 
188,623 
3,526,931 
2,476,401 
1,562,641 
Unconsolidated..................................................................
1,404 
38,446 
2,056 
38,446 
38,446 
11,786 
Subsidiaries (Net) ............................................................
1,180 
32,316 
1,728 
32,316 
7,300 
7,300 
Unconsolidated Financial Subsidiaries..............................
— 
— 
— 
—
— 
—   
Unconsolidated Non-Financial Subsidiaries......................
1,180 
32,316 
1,728 
32,316 
7,300 
7,300 
Joint Ventures (Net) 
— 
— 
— 
—
— 
22,874 
Consolidated based on Equity Method ..............................
— 
— 
— 
—
— 
22,874  
Unconsolidated..................................................................
— 
— 
— 
—
— 
—   
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Net).........................
423,891 
11,604,726 
540,679 
10,109,770 
4,974,156 
4,554,379 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Net) ........................................
64,524 
1,766,464 
72,733 
1,359,987 
2,121,208 
2,003,526 
Goodwill............................................................................
— 
— 
— 
—
979,493 
979,493 
Other .................................................................................
64,524 
1,766,464 
72,733 
1,359,987 
1,141,715 
1,024,033 
INVESTMENT PROPERTY (Net)................................
— 
— 
— 
—
— 
—   
CURRENT TAX ASSETS..............................................
— 
— 
2,274 
42,522 
1,580 
4,861 
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS............................................
123,827 
3,389,988 
289,279 
5,409,021 
3,820,176 
3,702,058 
OTHER ASSETS.............................................................
3,502,602 
95,889,694 
4,061,605 
75,945,107 
43,025,353 
21,271,647 
TOTAL ASSETS.............................................................
61,307,302 
1,678,391,621 
63,335,545 
1,184,267,01
4 
780,820,906 
486,489,679 
_________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 18.504 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2023. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into 
U.S. dollars pursuant to BRSA.

--- Page 145 ---
126 
 
 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 12.978= U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2022. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
 
_________ 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Liabilities
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
DEPOSITS...............................................................................
36,779,978 
1,006,914,430 
37,730,459 
705,495,439 
419,928,058 
264,410,268
BORROWINGS.......................................................................
4,957,313 
135,714,863 
5,033,420 
94,116,398 
72,921,964 
46,424,693
MONEY MARKETS...............................................................
2,761,333 
75,596,191 
2,155,010 
40,295,030 
55,886,473 
30,360,664 
MARKETABLE SECURITIES ISSUED (Net).....................
2,712,920 
74,270,801 
2,639,321 
49,350,808 
41,577,011 
24,628,361 
Bills...........................................................................................
516,013 
14,126,741 
711,919 
13,311,681 
7,168,860 
4,295,582 
Asset backed Securities.............................................................
379,585 
10,391,797 
264,215 
4,940,364 
5,998,334 
3,511,774 
Bonds ........................................................................................
1,817,321 
49,752,263 
1,663,187 
31,098,763 
28,409,817 
16,821,005 
FUNDS .....................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Borrower Funds.........................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other .........................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES FAIR VALUE THROUGH 
PROFIT AND LOSS...............................................................
2,408,820 
65,945,553 
1,949,879 
36,459,423 
25,308,222 
12,555,789 
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITIES.........................
573,634 
15,704,218 
747,077 
13,969,063 
18,335,783 
10,593,179 
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit and Loss....
572,970 
15,686,026 
745,347 
13,936,713 
17,652,590 
7,970,251 
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Profit................................................................
665 
18,192 
1,730 
32,350 
683,193 
2,622,928 
FACTORING PAYABLES.....................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
LEASE PAYABLES (Net)......................................................
110,241 
3,018,036 
105,673 
1,975,913 
1,347,130 
1,090,420 
PROVISIONS..........................................................................
438,485 
12,004,275 
619,439 
11,582,456 
6,073,243 
4,542,527 
Provisions for Restructuring......................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Provisions for Employee Rights................................................
132,916 
3,638,804 
175,971 
3,290,363 
1,120,683 
833,635 
Insurance Technical Provisions (Net)........................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other Provisions........................................................................
305,569 
8,365,471 
443,468 
8,292,093 
4,952,560 
3,708,892 
CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES.............................................
241,850 
6,621,047 
317,784 
5,942,022 
3,208,173 
1,956,282 
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES ..........................................
581 
15,911 
1,216 
22,735 
14,818 
29,952 
LIABILITIES FOR PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  
HELD FOR SALE AND RELATED TO 
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Net)................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Held for Sale .............................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Related to Discontinued Operations ..........................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
SUBORDINATED DEBT .......................................................
1,485,279 
40,662,042 
2,106,514 
39,388,232 
39,441,999 
22,655,054 
Loans.........................................................................................
270,752 
7,412,304 
858,902 
16,059,998 
11,144,441 
6,305,871 
Other Facilities..........................................................................
1,214,527 
33,249,738 
1,247,613 
23,328,234 
28,297,558 
16,349,183 
OTHER LIABILITIES...........................................................
2,910,927 
79,691,578 
3,177,163 
59,407,556 
33,288,826 
19,674,124 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY................................................
5,925,940 
162,232,676 
6,752,589 
126,261,939 
63,489,206 
47,568,366
Paid in Capital...........................................................................
308,549 
8,447,051 
451,755 
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
Capital Reserves........................................................................
81,001 
2,217,533 
115,823 
2,165,691 
2,145,565 
1,997,149 
Share premium ..........................................................................
20,343 
556,937 
29,785 
556,937 
556,937 
556,937 
Share Cancellation Profits .........................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other Capital Reserves..............................................................
60,657 
1,660,596 
86,037 
1,608,754 
1,588,628 
1,440,212 
Other accumulated comprehensive income that will not be 
reclassified in profit or loss .......................................................
130,553 
3,574,097 
105,158 
1,966,271 
1,059,745 
1,528,828 
Other accumulated comprehensive income that will be 
reclassified in profit or loss .......................................................
434,523 
11,895,799 
980,861 
18,340,436 
7,241,307 
841,353 
Profit Reserves ..........................................................................
3,132,361 
85,753,704 
2,190,376 
40,956,310 
32,464,808 
28,033,706 
Legal Reserves ..........................................................................
91,174 
2,496,040 
93,440 
1,747,175 
1,544,526 
1,282,785 
Statutory reserves......................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Extraordinary Reserves .............................................................
3,040,903 
83,249,883 
2,096,556 
39,202,036 
30,913,543 
26,744,104 
Other Profit Reserves ................................................................
284 
7,781 
380 
7,099 
6,739 
6,817 
Profit or loss..............................................................................
1,838,869 
50,342,158 
2,908,534 
54,384,643 
12,129,712 
6,719,472 
Prior years' profits or losses.......................................................
59,903 
1,639,954 
87,706 
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
Current period net profit or losss...............................................
1,778,965 
48,702,204 
2,820,828 
52,744,689 
10,489,758 
5,079,518 
Minority interest........................................................................
85 
2,334 
82 
1,537 
1,018 
807 
TOTAL LIABILITIES............................................................
61,307,302 
1,678,391,621 
63,335,545 
1,184,267,014 780,820,906 
486,489,679

--- Page 146 ---
127 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 27.377 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2023. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into 
U.S. dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 18.698 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2022. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
Income Statement Data 
For the nine months ended 30 
September 2023 
For the nine months ended 30 
September 2022 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, thousands)
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2)
(TL, thousands)
Income Statement Data: 
 
 
Interest income....................................................................
6,788,179 
150,620,708 
5,377,025 
85,291,482 
Interest expense...................................................................
(4,378,996) 
(97,164,129) 
(2,359,980) 
(37,434,491) 
Net interest income............................................................
2,409,183 
53,456,579 
3,017,045 
47,856,991 
Fees and commissions received ..........................................
1,489,442 
33,048,757 
924,530 
14,665,083 
Fees and commissions paid.................................................
(397,622) 
(8,822,714) 
(255,688) 
(4,055,784) 
Net fees and commissions income ....................................
1,091,820 
24,226,043 
668,841 
10,609,299 
Dividend income.................................................................
2,772 
61,510 
5,473 
86,809 
Trading profit/(loss) (net)....................................................
1,108,003 
24,585,114 
548,491 
8,700,284 
Other operating income(3)....................................................
580,438 
12,879,161 
185,063 
2,935,505 
Provision 
for 
impairment 
of 
loans 
and 
other 
receivables(3)(4) .................................................................
(872,883) 
(19,368,113) 
(658,221) 
(10,440,845) 
Other operating expenses(5).................................................
(1,451,044) 
(32,196,740) 
(877,305) 
(13,915,996) 
Net operating profit/loss ...................................................
2,868,290 
63,643,554 
2,889,386 
45,832,047 
Profit/Loss from equity method applied subsidiaries..........
39,641 
879,572 
10,714 
169,949 
Tax provisions for continuing operations (+/-) ...................
(712,973) 
(15,819,934) 
(673,684) 
(10,686,119) 
Net profit/loss from continuing operations .....................
2,194,957 
48,703,192 
2,226,416 
35,315,877 
Net profit/loss from discontinued operations ..................
—
—
— 
— 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the average rate of TL 22.1887 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with average 
of the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate for the nine months ended 30 September 2023. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the 
TL amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the average rate of TL 15.8622 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with average 
of the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the 
TL amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(3) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. Financial information for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 have not been retrospectively restated for this change. 
(4) 
Includes provision for expected losses and other provision expenses. 
(5) 
Includes personnel costs.

--- Page 147 ---
128 
 
 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2023 
For the year ended  
31 December  
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Income Statement Data: 
Interest income...........................................................
150,620,708 
133,298,907
54,084,352 
35,000,149
Interest expense..........................................................
(97,164,129) 
(54,040,436)
(30,348,799) 
(16,969,223)
Net interest income...................................................
53,456,579 
79,258,471
23,735,553 
18,030,926
Fees and commissions received .................................
33,048,757 
21,841,199 
10,957,088 
7,173,819
Fees and commissions paid........................................
(8,822,714)
(6,100,545)
(2,911,318)
(1,419,583)
Net fees and commissions income ...........................
24,226,043 
15,740,654
8,045,770 
5,754,236
Dividend income........................................................
61,510 
88,694
17,251 
17,158
Trading profit/(loss) (net)...........................................
24,585,114 
10,201,691
895,375 
419,706
Other operating income(1)...........................................
12,879,161 
3,741,079
2,316,538 
1,601,279
Provision for impairment of loans and other 
receivables(1)(2) ........................................................
(19,368,113) 
(16,003,154)
(10,310,327) 
(10,189,647)
Other operating expenses(3)........................................
(32,196,740) 
(23,704,581)
(10,945,015) 
(8,925,683)
Net operating income/loss ........................................
63,643,554 
68,958,239
13,755,145 
6,707,975
Profit/Loss from equity method applied 
subsidiaries .............................................................
879,572 
235,529
138,629 
89,133
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing 
operations (+/-) .......................................................
(15,819,934) 
(16,448,467)
(3,403,758) 
(1,717,425)
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ............
48,703,192 
52,745,301
10,490,016 
5,079,683
Net profit/loss from discontinued operations .........
—
—
— 
—
_______ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. Financial information for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 have not been retrospectively restated for this change. 
(2) 
Includes provision for expected losses and other provision expenses. 
(3) 
Includes personnel expenses.

--- Page 148 ---
129 
 
 
Key Ratios 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of and for the nine months ended 30 
September 2023, and as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020. The basis for 
calculation of ratios that are non-GAAP financial measures is set out in “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Alternative Performance Measures”. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered 
in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with BRSA Principles.  
As of and for the 
nine months 
ended 30 
September 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(%)
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity....................................
45.5
56.6
19.6
12.0
Return on assets......................................................................................
4.5
5.4
1.7
1.1
Net interest margin .................................................................................
5.8
9.1
3.2
3.8
Capital adequacy ratio(1) .........................................................................
17.8
18.1
15.0
16.7
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2)................................................................
15.8
16.2
12.6
13.6
Cost-to-income ratio(3)............................................................................
27.7
21.7
31.0
33.4
NPL ratio ................................................................................................
3.3
3.4
4.6
6.2
Cost to average total assets.....................................................................
3.0
2.4
1.7
1.9
Net cost of risk(4)
1.31
2.34
2.14
2.90
  
Note: Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared on an annual basis. 
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 30 September 
2023, total risk weighted assets are calculated with 2022 year-end USD/TRY exchange rate. The capital adequacy ratios reported for 30 
September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, in each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, 
were 19.9%, 19.9%, 17.6% and 17.2%, respectively. 
(2) 
The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 30 
September 2023, total risk weighted assets are calculated with 2022 year-end USD/TRY exchange rate. The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios 
reported for 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, in each case including the impact of Temporary 
Forbearances, were 17.7%, 17.9%, 14.9% and 14.1%, respectively. 
(3) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. The comparative 
financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 and prior periods have not been retrospectively restated for this change. Accordingly, 
the comparisons to prior periods are limited. 
(4) 
The net cost of risk ratios reported for 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 would be, if adjusted 
for the impact of foreign exchange 0.31%, 1.47%, 0.87% and 2.51%, respectively.

--- Page 149 ---
130 
 
 
CAPITALISATION OF THE BANK 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalisation of the Group as of 30 September 2023. The 
information in this table has been extracted from the Group’s Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and 
for the nine month period ended 30 September 2023 without material adjustment. This table should be read in 
conjunction with “Use of Proceeds” and the Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2023 (with 30 September 2022 comparatives) incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
As of 30 September 2023 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, 
thousands)
Indebtedness  
Subordinated debts borrowings.......................................................................................................
1,485,279 
40,662,042 
Debt securities in issue....................................................................................................................
2,712,920 
74,270,801 
Other borrowings(2) .........................................................................................................................
7,718,646 
211,311,054 
Total Indebtedness 
11,916,845 
326,243,897 
Equity 
—
—
Paid in capital and share premium ..................................................................................................
328,892 
9,003,988 
Other reserves .................................................................................................................................
5,537,059 
151,586,400 
Retained earnings............................................................................................................................
59,903 
1,639,954 
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Parent....................................................................
5,925,855 
162,230,342 
Minority interests............................................................................................................................
85 
2,334 
Shareholders’ equity.....................................................................................................................
5,925,940 
162,232,676 
Total capitalisation........................................................................................................................
17,842,785 
488,476,573 
_____________ 
Note: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 27.377 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the 
Bank’s Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2023. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been 
converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
 (2) Includes borrowings, money markets and funds. 
 
There has been no material change in the Bank’s capitalisation since 30 September 2023.

--- Page 150 ---
131 
 
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the 
Group covers the nine month periods ended 30 September 2023 and 2022 and the financial years ended 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020. Unless otherwise specified, the financial information presented in this 
discussion has been extracted from the Annual BRSA Financial Statements and Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements without material adjustment. This section should be read in conjunction with such Annual BRSA 
Financial Statements and Interim BRSA Financial Statements, the notes thereto and the other financial 
information incorporated by reference or included in this Base Prospectus (including the section entitled 
“Presentation of Financial and Other Information”). The Annual BRSA Financial Statements and Interim 
BRSA Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with BRSA regulations as described in 
“Presentation of Financial and Other Information”. For a discussion of the main differences between the 
BRSA Financial Statements and IFRS, see “Appendix 1—Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS 
and BRSA Accounting Principles”. 
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements”. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. See the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements”. 
Introduction 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Türkiye. It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking 
Law and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 
September 2023, the Bank was the fourth largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets and ranked fourth 
among private banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) 
with a 15.5% market share among private banks and an 7.6% market share in the overall banking sector 
(compared with a market share of 8.2% as of 31 December 2022, 8.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 8.1% as 
of 31 December 2020), and fourth among private banks in total deposits with a 14.4% market share (compared 
with a market share of 15.1% as of 31 December 2022, 14.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 14.2% as of 31 
December 2020). As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had 796 branches covering all regions of Türkiye 
(which includes one branch in Bahrain). It maintains market leading positions in key segments and products 
supported by its strong franchise, large network and leading brand. The Group is organised into three 
segments: (i) retail banking, (ii) corporate and commercial banking and (iii) private banking and wealth 
management. The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries. The 
Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank held a 13% market share in credit card outstanding volume according to 
the BRSA statistics. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank also had strong positions in mutual funds (with a 
9.2% market share), and non-cash loans (among private banks the Bank held a 19.5% market share, as of 30 
September 2023, according to the BRSA statistics). 
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking. In line with the Bank’s small-ticket focused strategy, the 
shares of retail loans (including of SMEs) reached 65% as of the nine months ended 30 September 2023, on 
an FX adjusted term. Retail banking products and services offered to customers include card payment 
systems, consumer loans (including general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), commercial installment 
loans, SME loans, SME banking packages, time and demand deposits, gold banking, investment accounts, life 
and non-life insurance products and payroll services. In addition, the Bank offers priveliges to customers who 
receive their monthly salary or SSI payments through the Bank. Card payment systems includes the 
management of products, services, campaigns for member merchants as well as the sales and activities for a 
variety of customer types. The Bank’s “World” brand and shopping and marketing platform of the Bank 
includes card brands known as “Crystal”, “Play”, “Adios” and “Taksitçi” that provide services for the Bank’s 
different segments. Through its private banking activities, the Bank serves high net worth customers and 
delivers investment products to this customer segment. Among the products and services offered to Private 
Banking customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products—such as forwards, futures

--- Page 151 ---
132 
 
 
and options—in domestic and international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and equity 
trading, pension plans, insurance products and 7/24 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services. Also, personal 
advisory services (for example, with respect to art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) 
are offered within the private banking and wealth management activities. Customers are also provided with 
investment advisory and portfolio management services through the Group’s portfolio management and 
brokerage subsidiaries.  
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for its own account and 
for the account of its customers. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye (third largest among 
private banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 796 branches spread throughout Türkiye, 
including one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.3% market share of branches in overall banking sector). 
While the Bank’s branch network covers all regions in Türkiye, as of 30 September 2023, most of the 
branches were in the larger cities, with 69% of the Bank’s branches being located in the ten largest cities 
(including Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and Adana). According to BRSA statistics, the 
Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Türkiye as of 30 September 2023 in terms of branches was 
9.5% compared with 9.5% for 31 December 2022, 9.5% for 31 December 2021 and 9.6% for 31 December 
2020. 
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of Limitless 
Banking channels including 4,892 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs with cash deposit 
functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye with a 9.4% market share according to the Interbank 
Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 11.6 million customers as of 30 September 2023, a leading 
position in mobile banking with 12.5 million customers as of 30 September 2023, as well as three award 
winning call centres, according to the Turkish Banking Association. See “—Distribution—Limitless Banking”. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group had 16,738 employees, of which 15,584 were employees of the Bank 
(representing 8.3% market share). This compares to 16,516, 16,313 and 16,871 employees as of 31 December 
2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 respectively, of which 15,431, 15,452 and 16,037 were 
employees of the Bank. Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the 
Netherlands, Azerbaijan and a branch in Bahrain. The Group had total assets of TL 1,678.4 billion (U.S.$61.3 
billion) as of 30 September 2023, compared with TL 1,184.2 billion as of 31 December 2022, TL 780.8 billion 
as of 31 December 2021 and TL 486.5 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
According to the consolidated Interim BRSA Financial Statements for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2023, the Group had gross profit from operating activities of TL 115,208 million (U.S.$5,192 
million), compared to TL 75,098 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. In prior periods, 
before the Group started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, the Group 
had gross profit from operating activities of TL 109,030 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
TL 35,010 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and TL 25,823 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020. For the period ended 30 September 2023, the Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 27.7% and 
operating cost growth was 131% year-over-year. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s costs divided by 
average assets ratio were 3.0% versus 2.4% as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s fees divided by operating 
costs ratio reached 75% in the period ended 30 September 2023. 
The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth. A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class 
profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
The Group’s net profit was TL 48,703 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 
45.4% for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, compared with TL 52,745 million and 56.6% for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, TL 10,490 million and 19.6% for the year ended 31 December 2021 and TL 
5,080 million and 12.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020. The banking sector’s return on average 
tangible shareholders’ equity was 34.6%, 40.0%, 14.0% and 10.5% for the nine months ended 30 September 
2023 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, according to data 
from the BRSA’s monthly bulletin. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s return on assets ratio was at 4.5%, 
compared to 5.4% as of 31 December 2022, 1.7% as of 31 December 2021 and 1.1% as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 152 ---
133 
 
 
As of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 21.1% (or 19.1% without Temporary Forbearances), 21.3%, 18.7% and 18.2%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis (in this paragraph, figures for 31 December 2022 and thereafter are 
presented taking into account the impact of Temporary Forbearances, except where stated otherwise). As of 
30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank’s common 
equity tier-1 ratio was 17.0% (or 15.3% without Temporary Forbearances), 17.5%, 13.8% and 13.6%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis. On a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 
19.9% (or 17.2% without Temporary Forbearances), 19.9%, 17.6% and 17.2% as of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, while common equity Tier-1 ratios 
were 15.9% (or 13.3% without Temporary Forbearances), 16.3%, 13.02% and 12.8% as of the same dates. 
The banking sector’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 18.1%, 19.2% and 18.1% as of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. 
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
Numerous factors affect the Group’s results of operations, some of which are outside the Group’s control. The 
following discussion identifies certain of those factors that are significant to the Group. 
Turkish Economy 
The majority of the Group’s operations are in Türkiye and its business and results of operations are affected 
by general economic conditions in Türkiye. As of 30 September 2023, 95.16% of the Group’s total assets 
were located in Türkiye. Accordingly, the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition have been and 
will continue to be significantly affected by Turkish political and economic factors, including the economic 
growth rate, the rate of inflation and fluctuations in exchange and interest rates. In addition, because the Bank 
is reliant on deposits from retail customers for a significant portion of its funding and generates a significant 
amount of its net income from retail customers, the Bank’s performance is affected by changes in wages, 
consumer spending and GDP growth generally. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business—
The Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are affected by general 
economic conditions in Türkiye” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—Political developments in 
Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects”. 
Global and Overall Trends 
The Bank’s performance will continue to be influenced by conditions in the global economy.  Global and 
emerging market uncertainties have continued for the past several years, driven by U.S. and global monetary 
policies, high inflation and low growth risk in emerging markets, concerns about slowdown of global growth 
rates, global trade tensions and geopolitical risks such as the tension between Russia and Ukraine. The outlook 
for the global economy (and particularly emerging markets) over the near to medium term remains 
challenging, which in turn might impact prospects for stabilisation and improvement of economic and 
financial conditions in Türkiye. A lack of improvement, or deterioration in these conditions, might have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In Türkiye, GDP grew by 1.9% in 2020, 11.4% in 2021 and 5.5% in 2022 according to TurkStat. In the six 
months ended 30 June 2023, GDP grew by 3.9% driven by private consumptions while external demand 
reduced the growth.  
In 2020, the global economy worsened with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The global economy 
recovered in 2021. In 2022, despite the risk of potential new variants of COVID-19, the global economy 
overall continued to experience a recovery, but growth in 2022 was negatively impacted by rate increases by 
the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks in response to elevated levels of inflation from increased 
global demand, upward commodity prices, supply constraints and rise in transportation costs. The U.S. 
Federal Reserve started reducing asset purchases. During the nine months ended 30 September 2023, the U.S. 
Federal Reserve continued tightening monetary policy, increasing the federal funds rate by 525 bps.  See 
“Risk Factors—Risks Related Türkiye—Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”.

--- Page 153 ---
134 
 
 
With respect to current account balances, in 2021, the current account balance started to improve gradually 
due to increase in exports owing to the rapid recovery in global demand and the rise in export prices. 
Meanwhile, the recovery in services gained momentum on the back of the acceleration of vaccination and 
lifting of restrictions. In the services sector, net revenue from the tourism and the transportation sector 
increased by 12% and 5%, respectively, in the eight months ended 31 August 2023 compared to the eight 
months ended 31 August 2022. The current account significantly deteriorated in 2023 as a result of rising 
energy and commodity prices given Türkiye’s dependence on energy. The deficit was U.S. $52 billion ((5.0)% 
of GDP) as of 30 September 2023, on a 12-month rolling basis. Moreover, various events including any 
deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye’s primary export customers and geopolitical risks (such as 
tariffs imposed by the United States on imports from Türkiye) as well as further increases or extended periods 
of elevated energy prices could result in an increase in the current account deficit, including due to the 
possible negative impact on Türkiye’s foreign trade and tourism revenues. 
In Türkiye, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic weighed heavily on monetary policy in 2020. In order to 
minimize the impact of COVID-19 the CBRT loosened monetary policy including by cutting the policy rates. 
Since 2021 Turkish monetary policy has been volatile, as further explained under “—Interest Rates—Market 
Interest Rate Trends” below. 
High inflation levels remain a risk for Türkiye. As of September 2023, inflation stands at 61.5% on the back 
of rising costs, disrupted expectations and high demand. The CBRT has announced its expectation that 
inflation should start to normalise following measures taken to strengthen financial stability, such as the FX 
reserve requirement and TL fixed rate securities maintenance application (see “—Interest Rates—Market 
Interest Rate Trends” for discussion of such measures) along with the resolution of the ongoing conflict in 
Ukraine. However, according to survey of market participants, the disruption caused by inflation may 
continue, with a majority of those surveyed expecting inflation to remain above 25% for at least two more 
years (the survey estimating 2023 year-end inflation to remain as high as 68% and one and two-year inflation 
to remain as high as 45% and 26%, respectively). 
The following table presents selected macroeconomic data with respect to the Turkish economy as of or for 
the periods indicated below: 
As of or for the 
period 
indicated in 
As of or for the years ended 
31 December(1) 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Nominal GDP at current prices (in millions of 
Turkish Lira)(6).................................................
10,144,691 
150,011,776
7,248,789
5,046,883
4,320,191
3,758,316
3,110,650
2,608,526
Real GDP growth (%)(6) ........................................ 
3.9 
5.5
11.4
1.8
0.9
2.9
7.5
3.2
Deficit/surplus of consolidated budget (%)(2) (5).....
(2.8)
(0.9)
(2.7)
(3.4)
(2.9)
(1.9)
(1.5)
(1.1)
Inflation (end of period) (%)(7) ..............................
61.5
64.3
36.1
14.6
11.8
20.3
11.9
8.5
Central Bank reference interest rate(4)....................
35.0
9.0
14
17.0
12.0
24.0
8.0
8.0
O/N Lending Rate of the Central Bank (%)(4)........
36.5
10.5
15.5
18.5
13.5
25.50
9.25
8.50
Nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the 
Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar (%)(7)........
(46.4) 
(44.1)
(76.8)
(23.6)
(12.9)
(39.5)
(7.2)
(21. 0)
Real effective exchange rate appreciation 
(depreciation) (%)(3)(7) ......................................
1.2 
15.2
(23.0)
(18.4)
(0.2)
(11.5)
(7.7)
(5.6)
Total gross gold and international currency 
reserves (in millions of U.S. dollars) (7) ............
122,202 
128,754
111,051
93,206
105,696
93,028
107,730
106,111
____________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Inflation, nominal depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and real effective exchange rate are presented on a year to year basis. 
(2) 
Last 12 months deficit over last 12 months GDP. 
(3) 
CPI based real effective exchange rate is used. 
(4) 
Presented as of 22 October 2023. 
(5) 
Presented as of, or for the nine months ended, 30 September 2023. 
(6) 
Presented as of, or for the six months ended, 30 June 2023. 
(7)  
Presented as of, or for the nine months ended, 30 September 2023. 
Sources: TurkStat for nominal GDP at current prices, real GDP growth, inflation. Turkish Ministry of Finance, General Directorate of Public Accounts, for deficit surplus of 
consolidated budget and Central Bank for reference overnight interest rate, refinancing rate, nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar, 
real effective exchange rate and total gross gold and international currency reserves. 
Changes in Inflation 
Headline inflation based on the CPI has missed the target by considerable margins and reached 14.6%, 36.1% 
and 64.3% as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively, mainly due to 
the pass-through effect from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and rising food prices. As of 30 September 
2023, annual CPI rose to 61.5%, mainly driven by the increases in the price of food and non-alcoholic 
beverages, utilities, household equipment, transportation and hotels and restaurants.  Core inflation (C Index)

--- Page 154 ---
135 
 
 
was 51.9% year-on-year as of 31 December 2022, compared to 31.9% year-on-year as of 31 December 2021 
and 14.3% year-on-year as of 31 December 2020. It stands at 68.9% as of 30 September 2023.  In addition to 
inflation in Türkiye, expectations for inflation globally have been disrupted by geopolitical risks arising from 
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and its negative impact on global supply chains, which had already 
deteriorated during the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to supply constraints and high price volatility in energy, 
various intermediate goods and commodities. 
The factors driving higher inflation have also caused demand to weaken on a global scale, while also fueling 
expectations for a longer-than-anticipated rise in inflation rates. As a result of the high inflation across the 
world, financial conditions are tightening further, which is another important factor limiting economic 
activity. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—Türkiye’s economy is subject to inflation and risks 
relating to its current account deficit.”  
Turkish Political Conditions 
Furthermore, political uncertainty has continued over the past several years due to the results of both national 
and local elections in Türkiye and is likely to continue.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—
Political developments in Türkiye may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects”. On 14 May 2023, the first round of general and presidential 
elections was held and neither President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan nor the opposition candidate, Kemal 
Kılıçdaroğlu, received a majority of the votes. The second round of elections was held on 28 May 2023 and 
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was re-elected for a third five-year term.  
Credit Ratings Impact 
Following the attempted coup in July 2016, Türkiye’s sovereign credit rating and the ratings of 17 Turkish 
banks were downgraded on several occasions, driven by both domestic and international factors.  Further 
downward ratings action has continued in the past several years as a result of a variety of domestic and 
geopolical factors, which have resulted in downgrades to the Bank’s credit ratings as well. Such ratings 
actions have continued in 2022.  On 11 February 2022, Fitch downgraded Türkiye's long-term foreign-
currency issuer default rating to "B+" from "BB-" and affirmed the "Negative" outlook. On 24 February 2023, 
Fitch affirmed the Bank's Long Term Foreign Currency IDR at "B-" and Long-term Local Currency IDR at 
"B" maintaining the "Negative" outlook. 
Following the change, on 25 February 2022, Fitch downgraded the Bank's long-term foreign-currency issuer 
default rating to "B" from "B+" and affirmed "Negative" outlook. On 31 March 2022, Fitch affirmed the 
Bank’s long-term foreign-currency issuer default rating at "B" with a Negative Outlook. On 8 July 2021, Fitch 
downgraded Türkiye's long-term foreign-currency issuer default rating from "B+" to "B" maintaining 
"Negative" outlook. Following this change, on 26 July 2022, Fitch downgraded the Bank’s long-term foreign-
currency issuer default rating from "B" to "B-", long-term local-currency issuer default rating from "B+" to 
"B", sub-debt rating from "B-" to "CCC+" maintaining the "Negative" outlook. On 12 August 2022, Moody's 
downgraded Türkiye's long-term foreign currency rating from "B2" to "B3" and revised the outlook from 
"Negative" to "Stable". Following this change, on 16 August 2022, Moody’s downgraded the Bank’s long-
term foreign currency deposit and senior unsecured debt rating from "B2" to "B3" and revised the outlook 
from "Negative" to "Stable". S&P also initially lowered Türkiye’s sovereign rating outlook from “Stable” to 
“Negative” in March 2023, citing monetary policy and foreign currency positions, but in October 2023, S&P 
raised the outlook back to “Stable” following the return to more orthodox monetary policies following the 
2023 elections.  
On 8 September 2023, Fitch similarly revised Türkiye’s Outlook from "Negative" to “Stable” citing a 
decrease in uncertainty with the normalisation of monetary policy, while affirming the long-term foreign and 
local currency rating at "B". Following the change, on 22 September 2023, Fitch revised the Bank’s Outlook 
to "Stable" from "Negative" and affirmed the long-term foreign and local currency ratings at "B-" and "B", 
respectively. 
In August 2023, Moody’s signalled a possible rating upgrade if orthodox policies introduced following the 
election continue and increase.

--- Page 155 ---
136 
 
 
Nevertheless, the current ratings of all three agencies continue to imply high credit and default risks which 
affect the Bank’s ratings. 
Interest Rates and Monetary Policy in Türkiye 
Following the May 2023 general elections, Mehmet Simsek was appointed as the minister of Treasury and 
Finance on 4 June 2023 and Hafize Gaye Erkan took the office of the governor of the Turkish Central Bank 
on 6 June 2023. The new administration applied a more orthodox monetary policy prioritising price stability 
as well as “Liraization” of the Turkish domestic market. The policy rate (one-week repo rate) significantly 
increased through several rate increases from 8.5% to 35% in a five-month period. The Central Bank’s net 
international reserves increased to U.S.$25 billion as of 27 October 2023 from negative net reserves zone 
(excluding the swap agreements of the Central Bank). When the swap agreements of the Central Bank are 
taken into account, the amelioration is limited as the net international reserves stands at (U.S.$55) billion as of 
3 November 2023. The Central Bank has looked to alleviate pressure on foreign reserves by applying 
additional securities maintenance requirements based on levels of FX deposits, encouraging a shift to TL 
deposits. Although the market interventions have not completely ceased, the Central Bank has stated that it is 
not targeting a certain exchange rate, as it was clearly the case in the Kavcıoğlu-Nebati era, but funding the 
market to balance the gradual reduction in FX-protected deposit schemes, which have decreased by U.S.$24 
billion between August and November 2023. The Central Bank’s communication strategy has been revised 
and emphasis has been placed on more conventional policy approaches to improve the credibility of the 
Central Bank.  
The de-linking of market interest rates in Türkiye from Central Bank policy rates in 2022 and the first half of 
2023 had various effects during that period, resulting in very positive returns on CPI-linked securities and 
increased profitability of Turkish banks in Turkish Lira terms, but the impact has been offset in part as a result 
of policy actions, including the capping of interest rates that can be charged by banks on certain products. 
Market Interest Rate Trends 
One of the primary factors affecting the Group’s profitability is the level of fluctuations in interest rates in 
Türkiye, which in turn influence the return on its securities portfolio and its loan and deposit rates. In recent 
years, the Central Bank has shifted approaches due to a number of different factors, including elevated 
uncertainties regarding global monetary policies, as well as domestic economic conditions and political 
conditions (including five different Central Bank governors since 2016). 
After the Governor of the Central Bank was replaced on 6 July 2019, the Central Bank generally loosened 
monetary policy by cutting interest rates in light of weaker global economic activity and reduced inflationary 
pressure. The Central Bank continued its rate-cutting cycle through 2020, in order to minimize the impact of 
COVID-19 (the policy rate (i.e., one-week repo rate) reached a low of 8.25% from May 2020). From 
September 2020 into 2021, the Central Bank increased the policy rate (reaching a high of 19% from March 
2021) in response to higher inflation; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, from 
the second half of 2021 the Central Bank shifted its monetary policy, decreasing the policy rate (reaching a 
low of 8.5% from February 2023).  
In addition to CBRT’s policy rate decisions, in 2022, new regulations have been introduced by policy makers, 
which also affect interest rates. See “—Changes to Turkish Banking Policy and Regulation” below.  
On 25 June 2023, the Central Bank announced that the existing microprudential and macroprudential 
framework would be gradually simplified. On 25 July 2023, the Central Bank announced that, to increase the 
functionality of the market mechanism, the securities maintenance practice was simplified based on interest 
rates, and accordingly the first tier for TL commercial loans excluding export and investment loans was 
removed and interest rate cap was applied as a single tier. Subsequently, on 27 October 2023, the Central 
Bank announced the termination of the various securities maintenance practices. Regulatory activity may 
continue to impact interest rates and contribute to volatility. 
See also “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in 
interest rates.” 
Impact of Interest Rates on the Group

--- Page 156 ---
137 
 
 
Net income from interest earned and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflects, to a certain degree, 
inflation, expectations regarding inflation, shifts in short term interest rates set by the Central Bank 
and movements in long term real interest rates. 
As is the case for the Turkish banking system generally, the Group’s assets have a longer maturity and reprice 
more slowly than its liabilities. As a result, changes in short term interest rates are generally reflected in the 
rates of interest paid by the Group on its liabilities before such changes can be reflected in the rates of interest 
earned by the Group on its assets. Therefore, when interest rates decline, the Group’s interest margin is 
positively affected, but when interest rates increase, the Group’s interest margin is generally negatively 
affected. From June 2023 through October 2023, the Central Bank raised interest rates five times, from 8.5% 
in June to 35% by the end of October. 
The current environment remains intensely competitive, and there has been sustained pressure on margins 
from time to time, particularly during high interest rate environments due to increasing deposit costs across 
the Turkish banking sector. In light of these conditions, the Group is strongly focusing on customer business, 
small ticket retail deposit generation with an increasing share of demand deposits in total deposits, optimal 
allocation of loans in higher yielding segments and reducing concentration, optimisation of deposit pricing, 
diversification of funding sources and fee income generation, especially through transactional banking and 
payment systems.  
Moreover, in light of the Central Bank’s policy of reducing policy rates despite high inflation, both asset and 
liability interest rates in the Turkish banking system have been driven by inflation and expectations regarding 
macroeconomic conditions rather than Central Bank policy rates. The de-linking of market interest rates in 
Türkiye from Central Bank policy rates in 2022 and the first half of 2023 has had various effects during that 
period, including resulting in very positive returns on CPI-linked securities and increased profitability of 
Turkish banks in Turkish Lira terms, but the impact has been offset in part as a result of policy actions, 
including the capping of interest rates that can be charged by banks on certain products. 
Exchange Rates 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly in 
U.S. dollars and Euros (36.96% of total assets and 41.77% of total liabilities as of 30 September 2023). While 
the Group monitors its net open position in foreign currencies and the Group is required to comply with 
foreign currency net open position limits set by the BRSA, the Group has maintained and is likely to continue 
to maintain gaps between the balances of its foreign currency assets and liabilities. The limit imposed by the 
BRSA is defined as an amount plus/minus 20% of the total capital, which is the basis for capital adequacy 
calculation. Foreign currency trading is primarily performed for client servicing transactions, and positions 
should not exceed the Group’s end of day limit of EUR 60 million. The Group’s net foreign currency open 
position as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 was as 
follows: 
 
Foreign Currency 
EUR 
U.S.$ 
Other 
Total 
(thousands)
As of 30 September 2023 ..................................
945,555 
2,178,419 
6,716,540 
9,840,514 
As of 31 December 2022 ...................................
846,899 
(10,564,919)
3,854,994 
(5,863,026)
As of 31 December 2021 ...................................
1,628,231 
(1,120,766) 
2,664,979 
3,172,444 
As of 31 December 2020
708,375
(1,052,617)
1,530,041
1,185,799
Because the Group translates such assets and liabilities and interest earned from and paid on those assets and 
liabilities into local currency (Turkish Lira), the Group’s income statement is affected by changes in exchange 
rates. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s results of operations depends on the rate 
of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. For 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023 and years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, the Group recorded net foreign exchange loss of TL (532,037) thousand and TL (11,108,879) 
thousand, TL (20,653,940) thousand, and TL (1,885,412) thousand. 
The value of the Turkish currency against the U.S. dollar has been volatile, but mainly negative, over the last 
several years, primarily as a result of uncertainties surrounding the political and economic landscape, both 
globally and in Türkiye. The Turkish Lira depreciated by 46.4%, 44.1%, 76.8% and 23.6% against the U.S.

--- Page 157 ---
138 
 
 
dollar, in the nine months ended 30 September 2023 and the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. The exchange rate was TL 27.3767 per U.S. dollar as of 30 September 2023, TL 18.6983 per 
U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2022, TL 12.9775 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2021 and TL 7.3405 per 
U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2020. As of 30 November 2023, volatility in exchange rate continues and the 
exchange rate reached TL 28.86 per U.S. dollar, the highest level since June 2023, implying a 5.4% 
depreciation since the end of September 2023. Depreciation of the Turkish Lira may have a negative impact 
on the asset quality of certain industries in Türkiye, particularly those that rely on domestic revenues to fund 
foreign currency loans as well as creating a more uncertain environment for the valuation of Turkish assets. 
However, in light of this variable currency environment, the Group seeks to minimise its open foreign 
currency positions and the net balance sheet foreign currency position of the Group is not significant, and thus 
exchange rate fluctuations generally do not have a significant impact on the Group’s balance sheet directly.  
Exchange rate movements also affect the Turkish Lira equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency 
denominated assets and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the 
Turkish Lira appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies convert into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations 
of capital adequacy ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the 
Turkish Lira depreciates, then assets in foreign currency convert into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of 
capital adequacy ratios and thus reduce the capital adequacy ratios). For the year ended 31 December 2020, 
the macroeconomic environment (including changes in the value of the Turkish Lira, combined with the 
impact of mark-to-market of available for sale securities) had a negative impact of 153 bps on the Group’s 
capital adequacy ratio. For the year ended 31 December 2021, such macroeconomic environment had a 
negative impact of 180 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the 
macroeconomic environment had a negative impact of 3 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio. For the 
nine months ended 30 September 2023, developments in the macroeconomic environment had a negative 
impact of 141 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio excluding the positive impacts of the regulatory 
forbearances. In addition to the effect on capital adequacy, appreciations or depreciations of the Turkish Lira 
against the U.S. dollar and other major currencies will have a corresponding decrease or increase, 
respectively, on the value of the Bank’s foreign currency denominated liabilities, affecting the Bank’s 
financial condition and on the cost of servicing foreign currency denominated debt, impacting the Bank’s 
results of operations. In addition, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira may adversely impact some of 
the Bank’s major borrowers, who are exposed to foreign exchange risk, which could result in an increase in 
NPLs, negatively affecting the Bank’s business. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has adopted a floating exchange rate regime. For a discussion thereof 
please refer to “—Reserve Requirements Ratios” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—The value of 
the Turkish Lira fluctuates against other currencies”.  
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio is comprised of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised 
cost. The portfolio primarily includes Government debt securities, both in local and foreign currency.  
The Group’s net financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to TL 
93,609,232 thousand as of 30 September 2023, TL 78,471,491 thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 
34,797,510 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 25,100,560 thousand as of 31 December 2020 and the 
Group’s net financial assets measured at amortised cost amounted to TL 289,955,020 thousand, TL 
168,826,257 thousand, TL 96,286,812 thousand and TL 53,028,224 thousand as of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. The Group also had a portfolio of 
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss amounting to TL 1,994,481 thousand as of 30 September 
2023, TL 2,270,895 thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 801,654 as of 31 December 2021 and TL 676,765 
thousand as of 31 December 2020. Interest income derived from the Group’s marketable securities portfolio 
amounted to TL 56,435,594 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, TL 58,125,296 thousand 
for the year ended 31 December 2022, TL 13,207,832 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021 and TL 
7,150,575 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020, accounting for 37.47%, 43.61%, 24.42% and 
20.43% of total interest income for the respective periods. The Group’s CPI-linked nominal volume was TL 
157.1 billion as of 30 September 2023 (year-to-date increase of 40%) and TL 111.8 billion as of 31 December 
2022, with a gain of TL 49.7 billion for the nine months ended 30 September 2023. As of 30 September 2023,

--- Page 158 ---
139 
 
 
mark-to-market unrealised gain of the Group was at (TL 1.3) million, compared with a gain of TL 7.8 million 
as of 31 December 2022. 
In addition, since 2010, the Central Bank has announced significant changes in bank reserve requirements for 
Turkish Lira and FX deposits with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as 
a macro prudential tool to support financial stability. The Central Bank’s aim is also to lengthen the maturities 
of assets flowing into the country and to address concerns that maturities of liabilities in the Turkish banking 
sector are shorter than those of assets, which in turn expose the sector to liquidity and interest rate risk. See 
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of 
Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, 
competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”, “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Liquidity Reserve Requirement”. 
In particular, recently the Central Bank has aimed to support financial stability and the Turkish Lira through 
additional reserve requirements and securities maintenance requirements. See also “—Changes to Turkish 
Banking Policy and Regulation”. As a result, since 2021 there has been an increase in the amount of Turkish 
governmental bonds held by the Group, up from 16% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2021.  
Basel III Transition 
In September 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements and has been 
implementing various measures. As a result, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Turkish banks are subject 
to Basel III capital adequacy requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and 
counterparty credit risk measurements.  
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the regulatory capital regulations in Türkiye 
with a view to aligning the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements. These amendments 
were published in the Official Gazette numbered 29511 and entered into force on 31 March 2016. In 
summary, these new regulations included the following changes: (i) certain amendments to the Equity 
Regulation, (a) clarifications to the eligibility requirements of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments, and 
(b) amendments to the regulatory treatment of certain capital items that are taken into account for the purposes 
of calculating regulatory capital of the banks; (ii) certain amendments to the regulations regarding the Internal 
Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks, which impose new regulatory 
requirements to enhance the effectiveness of the internal risk management and internal capital adequacy 
assessment by introducing, among others things, new stress test requirements; and (iii) the introduction of the 
2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation to replace the existing Capital Adequacy Regulation. On 20 January 2016, 
the BRSA introduced certain amendments to existing regulations with a view to continuing its efforts to adopt 
Basel III requirements. These amendments were published in the Official Gazette numbered 29599 and 
entered into force on 31 March 2016, except for the amendments relating to internal systems and internal 
capital adequacy ratios which entered into force on 20 January 2016. The amendments relate to equity 
requirements, liquidity coverage ratios, internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios, capital adequacy 
requirements, risk assessment models and calculation of market risk, credit risk calculations, credit risk 
mitigation methods, risk management disclosures and financial statement disclosures.  
Pursuant to the BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer, the countercyclical capital buffer for 
Turkish banks’ exposures in Türkiye has initially been set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye 
(effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio might fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced 
from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the countercyclical capital buffer ratio is to be effective one 
year after the relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective as of the date of the 
relevant public announcement.  
The BRSA published amendments to the Equity Regulation in the Official Gazette dated 20 January 2016 and 
numbered 29599, with such amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. Such amendments introduced 
certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital calculations of banks that have issued old-style 
Additional Tier 1 and old-style Tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014 and some adjustments in capital 
deduction items. Accordingly, as of 31 March 2016, the old-style Tier 2 instruments treated under the Bank’s 
Tier 2 capital are subject to greater deduction in such capital treatment. First, the amortisation of the 
grandfathering treatment for old-style Tier 2 instruments will increase with the deduction for such capital 
treatment increasing from 20% to 40% for 2016. Second, foreign exchange rates of 1 January 2013 (rather

--- Page 159 ---
140 
 
 
than 1 January 2015) will be used as the maximum threshold in the valuation of such old-style Tier 2 
instruments in the capital calculations of the banks. Lastly, on 22 June 2016, the BRSA introduced an 
amendment to the Equity Regulation to change the items taken into account in equity calculation with an 
enforcement date of 1 January 2017, and also published a draft Communiqué on Principles for Debt 
Instruments to be Included in Equity Calculations by Banks to introduce certain rules in relation to conversion 
and write-down of debt instruments to be included in additional Tier I or Tier II capital.  
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation introducing a methodology to assess the 
degree to which banks are systemically important in the Turkish market. The methodology separated the 
Turkish D-SIBs into four categories, and requires the banks falling within these categories to hold between 1 
to 3% of additional core capital (ilave çekirdek sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets, depending on their 
categorization, as set forth below (which has applied since 2019, following a transition period): 
Groups 
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
4th group (empty).................................................................................................................................................
3
3rd group..............................................................................................................................................................
2
2nd group.............................................................................................................................................................
1.5
1st group ..............................................................................................................................................................
1
The Bank has been classified into the first group since its year ended 31 December 2020, prior to which it had 
been classified into the second group for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Growth in fee and commission income 
The Group has generally been able to generate a substantial portion of its revenue from service income and 
fees which it views as sustainable, for example, as of 30 September 2023 and 31 December 2022, 38% and 
23% of the operating revenues of the Group consisted of net fees and commissions, respectively. Net fees and 
commissions contributed significantly, with some additional support from lending-related and transactional 
banking fees. Another strong contributor to the Group’s fee and commission income is the credit card sector 
where the Group has an 18.1% market share in volume of outstanding credit card balances, 18.8% market 
share in issuing volume, 21.6% market share in acquiring volume, and 19.9% market share in number of cards 
among private banks as of 30 September 2023, according to the Interbank Card Centre. In order to further 
enhance fee and commission income, the Group has been focusing on diversification of fees, through 
extensive focus on fee dynamics, new product launches, changes to transaction fees and increasing fee 
generating products, such as insurance policies, distributed by the Bank’s wide branch network, cash 
management and trade finance. The Group has an entire department established solely to evaluate fee 
performance and related metrics. The Group also re-designed its service model to support managed-risk 
revenue generation through a portfolio management approach for business banking customers in a refined 
affluent segment with additional advisory services and specialized services for a blue class customer sub-
segment within a unified risk management system. 
Over the past years, however, consumer fees have been limited to a certain extent by regulatory actions as part 
of the consumer protection laws and regulations introduced since 2014. The Bank was able to offset the 
impact through a strategic focus on enhancing fee generating activity, particularly in unregulated areas (such 
as payment systems) and still has one of the highest ratios of fees/revenues among peer banks. See “Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish 
banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive 
and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”. 
Changes to Turkish Banking Policy and Regulation   
The Central Bank adjusts reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times to reduce or encourage 
certain actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity and changes to the holding 
of securities (primarily Turkish government securities). The adjustments in reserve requirement ratios have 
frequently been combined with changes in the Central Bank’s interest rate and liquidity management policies, 
which directly influence the Group’s deposit and lending rates and thereby impact margins and results of 
operations given the maturity mismatch between shorter term assets and longer-term liabilities (see “Risk 
Management—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk”).  
The Central Bank has also used unconventional policy tools from time to time, including the FX-protected 
Turkish Lira deposit scheme and various measures aimed at limiting loan pricing in 2022 and 2023, which

--- Page 160 ---
141 
 
 
have impacted the financial condition and profitability of the Turkish banking sector.  For example, from 
August 2022, the CBRT required that banks maintain TL long-term fixed rate securities in reserve if interest 
rates on commercial loans exceed the CBRT annual compound reference rate by a specified amount.  TL-
denominated commercial cash loans (excluding certain loans like SMEs, agricultural loans, etc.) were also 
generally subjected to security maintenance. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Macroprudential 
Measures requiring Maintenance of Securities”.  Accordingly, TL commercial loan rates declined for the 
sector. 
Similarly, in 2021 and 2022 the Central Bank imposed securities maintenance requirements on FX conversion 
rates or proportion of TL deposits compared to FX deposits.  These measures, and similar measures aimed at 
bolstering the TL by, in effect, encouraging growth in TL deposits relative to FX deposits, were designed to 
counterbalance the combined effects of high inflation and loosening monetary policy. 
On 25 June 2023, the Central Bank announced that that the existing micro-prudential and macroprudential 
framework would be gradually simplified. Subsequently, on 27 October 2023, the Central Bank announced 
the termination of several of the securities maintenance practices. However, with effect from 8 December 
2023, the Central Bank will charge commissions on FX-denominated accounts to further incentivise Turkish 
Lira-denominated accounts. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Liquidity Reserve Requirement”. 
The Central Bank also imposes certain caps on fees and interest rates on the Bank’s products, such as credit 
cards and overdraft loans. Accordingly, the maximum monthly interest rates charged on overdraft accounts or 
overdue credit is 3.96% for TL transactions or 3.23% for FX transactions, and credit card interest cannot 
exceed 3.66% for TL transactions or 2.93% for FX transactions. Such limitations have continued to have an 
adverse impact on the Bank’s interest income for the periods under review. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts 
Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended 30 September 2023 and 2022 
The Group’s net profit was TL 48,703,192 thousand in the nine months ended 30 September 2023, an increase 
of 38% compared to net profit of TL 35,315,877 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. The 
increase was primarily driven by an increase in net interest income, supported by CPI-linked securities 
contribution and strong fees and commissions performance. The Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 28% for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023 compared to 18% for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. 
Costs grew slightly above average inflation on the back of continued investment in business growth, the 
impact of inflation pass-through and earthquake-related costs.

--- Page 161 ---
142 
 
 
The table below summarises the Group’s income statement for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 and 
30 September 2022, the components of which are described in greater detail below: 
For the nine months ended 30 September 
2023 
2022 
% 
Change
(TL thousands)
%
Consolidated statement of profit and loss
Interest income .................................................................................................... 
150,620,708  
85,291,482  
76.60
Interest expense ................................................................................................... 
(97,164,129) 
(37,434,491) 
159.56
Net interest income ........................................................................................... 
53,456,579  
47,856,991  
11.70
Net fees and commissions income ...................................................................... 
24,226,043  
10,609,299  
128.35
Dividend income ................................................................................................. 
61,510  
86,809  
(29.14)
Trading profit/(loss) (net) .................................................................................... 
24,585,114  
8,700,284  
182.58
Other operating income(1) .................................................................................... 
12,879,161  
7,844,155  
64.19
Gross profit from operating activities(1) .......................................................... 
115,208,407  
75,097,538  
53.41
Allowance for expected credit losses(1) ............................................................... 
(19,254,820) 
(15,044,886) 
27.98
Other operating expenses .................................................................................... 
(20,650,802) 
(8,036,631) 
156.96
Other provision expenses .................................................................................... 
(113,293) 
(304,609) 
(62.81)
Personnel expenses ............................................................................................. 
(11,545,938) 
(5,879,365) 
96.38
Net operating profit/(loss)................................................................................. 
63,643,554  
45,832,047  
38.86
Profit/ loss from equity method applied subsidiaries .......................................... 
879,572  
169,949  
417.55
Profit/loss before taxes from continuing operations ....................................... 
64,523,126  
46,001,996  
40.26
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing operations (±).......................... 
(15,819,934) 
(10,686,119) 
48.04
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ..................................................... 
48,703,192  
35,315,877  
37.91
Minority shares ................................................................................................... 
988  
429  
130.3 
Group’s profit/loss ............................................................................................ 
48,702,204  
35,315,448  
37.91
(1) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. The 
comparative financial information for the period ending 30 September 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. Accordingly, 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2022, income amounting to TL 4,908,650 related to the reversal of provisions, which was 
previously reported under the provision for expected losses, has been classified under other operating income. 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
 
As of and for the 
nine months  
ended 30 September 
2023 
As of and for the 
year ended 31 
December 2022 
(%)
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity........................................................
45.5 
56.6 
Return on assets..........................................................................................................
4.5 
5.4 
Net interest margin.....................................................................................................
5.8 
9.1 
Capital adequacy ratio(1) ............................................................................................
17.8 
18.1 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2) ...................................................................................
15.8 
16.2 
Cost-to-income ratio(3)................................................................................................
27.7 
21.7 
NPL ratio....................................................................................................................
3.3 
3.4 
Cost to average total assets.........................................................................................
3.0 
2.4 
  
Note: The measures presented in the table above are defined under and should be read in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial 
and Other Information—Alternative Performance Measures.” Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared on an 
annual basis. 
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 31 December 
2022, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase exchange rates for 252 working days before 
calculation date and as of 30 September 2023, in the calculation of total risk weighted assets, spot purchase rates announced as of 31 December 
2022 by the Central Bank are used. The capital adequacy ratios reported for 30 September 2023 and 31 December 2022, in each case including 
the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 19.9% and 19.9%, respectively. 
(2) 
The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 31 
December 2022, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase exchange rates for 252 working 
days before calculation date and as of 30 September 2023, in the calculation of total risk weighted assets, spot purchase rates announced as of 31 
December 2022 by the Central Bank are used. The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios reported for 30 September 2023 and 31 December 2022, in each 
case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 17.7% and 17.9%, respectively. 
(3) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. The comparative 
financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 has not been retrospectively restated for this change. Accordingly, the comparisons 
to the year ended 31 December 2022 are limited.

--- Page 162 ---
143 
 
 
Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  
The Group’s net interest income increased by 11.70% to TL 53,456,579 thousand for the nine months ended 
30 September 2023 from TL 47,856,991 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. Net interest 
income increased over this same period by 12% supported by CPI-linked securities income contribution as 
well as higher lending rates during the latter part of the period. Interest income increased by 77% in the nine 
months ended 30 September 2023 as compared against the nine months ended 30 September 2022, but was 
offset by an increase in interest expense of 160% due to the regulatory and inflationary environment. Interest 
income from performing loans increased by 74%, jointly due to a 79% increase in interest income from TL 
performing loans. Interest income from marketable securities increased by 68%, compared to 30 September, 
mainly arising from income from CPI-linked securities. The Group’s interest expense increased by 160% in 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023 as compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2022, 
primarily driven by a 277% increase in interest expense on Turkish Lira deposits (which constitute 77% of the 
Group’s interest expense). 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest on loans, which amounted to TL 83,115,579 
thousand (55% of total interest income) for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, an increase of 74% 
compared to TL 47,813,799 thousand (56% of total interest income) for the previous year. Given the current 
level and expected inflation levels, the Bank has been proactively reducing its portfolio of long-term loans 
since the beginning of 2022, resulting in the duration gap between TL loans and deposits decreasing 
significantly and increasing the Bank's ability to reprice its loans to market rates in the short-term. The 
Group’s remaining interest income mainly derives from interest received from marketable securities, which 
amounted to TL 56,435,594 thousand (37% of the Group’s total interest income) in the nine months ended 30 
September 2023, an increase of 68% compared to TL 33,584,516 thousand (39% of the Group’s total interest 
income) for the previous year. The increase was primarily due to a rising income from CPI-linked securities 
given the very high inflation environment in Türkiye. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s cumulative swap 
adjusted net interest margin (net interest income divided by average interest earning assets, Bank-only) 
decreased to 5.8%, which stood at 9.1% as of 31 December 2022 and 7.5% as of 30 September 2022 primarily 
due to pressure on loan yields and increased deposit costs resulting from the regulatory environment. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s revenue margin (on a consolidated basis) decreased by 61 bps to 8.3%, 
as compared to 8.9% as of 30 September 2022. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income  
The Group’s net fees and commissions income for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 amounted to TL 
24,226,043 thousand, an increase of 128.35% from TL 10,609,299 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022. The increase was across the board and mainly driven by increased transactional activity. 
As of 30 September 2023, of the total net fees and commissions breakdown received by the Bank, 44% came 
from card payment systems (an increase of 114% compared to 30 September 2022), which was primarily the 
result of an increased number of transactions, 35% from lending-related activity (an increase of 146% 
compared to 30 September 2022), 7% from bancassurance (an increase of 90% compared to 30 September 
2022), 9% from money transfers (an increase of 139% compared to 30 September 2022), and 6% from 
investment products (an increase of 135% compared to 30 September 2022). See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts 
Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income  
Other operating income for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 was TL 12,879,161 thousand, an 
increase of 64.19% from TL 7,844,155 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. Starting from 
1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross 
basis, impacting the Group’s other operating income. The comparative financial information for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the nine months ended 30 September 
2023 amounted to TL 19,368,113 thousand, an increase of 26.18% from TL 15,349,495 thousand for the nine

--- Page 163 ---
144 
 
 
months ended 30 September 2022. In the nine months ended 30 September 2023, the Group’s allowance for 
expected credit losses has decreased by 50% to TL 1,776,445 thousand. Through limited NPL inflows and 
strong collection performance, a similar trend is expected for the rest of 2023. 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses 
on a gross basis, impacting the Group’s allowance for expected credit losses. The comparative financial 
information for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. 
In the nine months ended 30 September 2023, due to strong collection performance, asset quality continued to 
improve. Accordingly, the Bank’s ratio of Stage 2 loans to total loans decreased to 12.2% as of 30 September 
2023 from 14.4% as of 30 September 2022. Meanwhile, due to the migration of one big-ticket file to Stage 3 
during the period ended 30 June 2023, that had been previously classified under Stage 2 and highly covered, 
coverage decreased to 16.9% from 19.3% as of the same periods.  The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total 
loans were stable at 3.4% as of 30 September 2023 compared to 30 September 2022. In all, with 0.9% 
coverage in Stage 1 loans, total provisions per gross loans amounted to 5.2% as of 30 September 2023 
compared to 5.9% as of 31 December 2022 and 5.8% as of 30 September 2022. 
The net cost of risk improved to 1.31% (0.31% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the nine months 
ended 30 September 2023 compared to 2.34% (1.47% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) and 1.96% in 
the nine months ended 30 September in 2022. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses (including personnel expenses) for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 were 
TL 32,196,740 thousand, an increase of 131.36% from TL 13,915,996 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022. The increase for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 was above inflation due to 
continued investments in both business growth and human capital. The increase in running costs (i.e., 
excluding investments in growth) remained below inflation. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had 796 
branches (including 728 retail branches, 15 private banking branches, four corporate branches and 43 
commercial branches, three mobile branches, one free zone branch, one custody branch and one branch 
abroad). The total number of the Group’s employees increased to 16,537 as of 30 September 2023, as 
compared to 16,339 as of 31 December 2022. The main driver of the increase in the total number of 
employees in the head office (especially in the IT department) was the Bank’s continued trend towards 
digitalisation. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 
The Group’s net profit was TL 52,745,301 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 
403% compared to net profit of TL 10,490,016 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase 
was primarily driven by strategic asset liability management in an environment with improved net interest 
income as well as strong fee generation and trading activities, as well as a significant contribution from CPI-
linker income in 2022 given the inflationary environment. The Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 21.7% for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to 31.0% for the year ended 31 December 2021. Costs increased 
by 117% for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the year ended 31 December 2021, due to 
continued investment in business growth, investments in human capital and depreciation, as well as increasing 
inflation. In that same period, the Bank maintained conservative provisioning despite limited net NPL inflows 
(adjusted for collections and expected credit loss hedging). Net cost of risk increased to 147 bps (and 287 bps 
in the fourth quarter of 2022). 
The table below summarises the Group’s summary consolidated statements of profit and loss for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the components of which are described in greater detail below:  
  
For the year ended 31 December  
2022 
2021 
% 
Change
(TL thousands)
Income Statement Data
Interest income .................................................................................................... 
133,298,907
54,084,352
146
Interest expense ................................................................................................... 
(54,040,436)
(30,348,799)
78

--- Page 164 ---
145 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December  
Net interest income ........................................................................................... 
79,258,471
23,735,553
234
Net fees and commissions income ...................................................................... 
15,740,654
8,045,770
96
Dividend income ................................................................................................. 
88,694
17,251
414
Trading profit/(loss) (net) .................................................................................... 
10,201,691
895,375
1,039
Other operating income(1) .................................................................................... 
3,741,079
2,316,538
61
Gross profit from operating activities(1) .......................................................... 
109,030,589
35,010,487
211
Provision for expected losses(1) ........................................................................... 
(16,003,154)
(10,198,148)
57
Other operating expenses .................................................................................... 
(13,851,191)
(6,140,696)
126
Other provision expenses .................................................................................... 
(364,615)
(112,179)
225
Personnel expenses ............................................................................................. 
(9,853,390)
(4,804,319)
105
Net operating profit/(loss)................................................................................. 
68,958,239
13,755,145
401
Profit/ Loss From Equity Method Applied Subsidiaries ..................................... 
235,529
138,629
70
Profit/(loss) before taxes from continuing operations .................................... 
69,193,768
13,893,774
398
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing operations (±).......................... 
(16,448,467)
(3,403,758)
383
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ..................................................... 
52,745,301
10,490,016
403
Minority shares ................................................................................................... 
612
258
137
Group’s profit/loss ............................................................................................ 
52,744,689
10,489,758
403
____________ 
Note: 
(1) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. Financial information for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 have not been retrospectively restated for this change. 
 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
  
 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2022 
2021 
(%)
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity ................................................................  
56.6 
19.6 
Return on assets..................................................................................................................  
5.4 
1.7 
Net interest margin .............................................................................................................  
9.1 
3.2 
Capital adequacy ratio(1) .....................................................................................................  
18.1 
15.0 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2) ...........................................................................................  
16.2 
12.6 
Cost-to-income ratio ...........................................................................................................  
21.7 
31.0 
NPL ratio ............................................................................................................................  
3.4 
4.6 
Cost to average total assets .................................................................................................  
2.4 
1.7 
  
Note: The measures presented in the table above are defined under and should be read in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial 
and Other Information—Alternative Performance Measures” in the Base Prospectus. Key ratios related to profit and loss items are 
compared on an annual basis. 
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase exchange rates for 
252 working days before calculation date. The capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in each case 
including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 19.9% and 17.6%, respectively. 
(2) 
The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase exchange 
rates for 252 working days before calculation date. The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in 
each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 17.9% and 14.9%, respectively.
 
Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  
The Group’s net interest income increased by 233.92% to TL 79,258,471 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2022 from TL 23,735,553 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021. Net interest income 
increased despite relatively lower interest rate environment for most of 2022. Interest income increased by 
146% from the year ended 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2022, partially offset by a significant increase 
in interest expense of 78%. Interest income from performing loans increased by 84% in that same period, with 
the support of a 92% increase in interest income from TL performing loans due to the increase in the volume 
via the small ticket focus and ongoing effective asset liability management. On the other hand, a 340% 
increase between the year ended 31 December 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2022 in interest income 
from marketable securities mainly arising from income from CPI-linked securities also supported interest 
income generation. The Group’s interest expense increased by 78% in the year ended 31 December 2022 as

--- Page 165 ---
146 
 
 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2021, primarily driven by a 111% increase in interest expense on 
Turkish Lira deposits (which constitute 57% of the Group’s interest expense). 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest from marketable securities, which amounted 
to TL 58,125,296 thousand (43.6% of total interest income) for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase 
of 340% compared to TL 13,207,832 thousand (24.4% of total interest income) for the previous year. The 
increase was primarily due to the Group’s CPI-linker income, which increased to TL 49,701 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 from TL 9,847 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 due to higher 
overall inflation rates from a low base in 2021. The Group’s remaining interest income mainly derives from 
interest received from loans, which amounted to TL 69,141,269 thousand (51.9% of the Group’s total interest 
income) in the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 84% compared to TL 37,589,124 thousand 
(69.5% of the Group’s total interest income) for the previous year. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s 
cumulative swap adjusted net interest margin (net interest income divided by average interest earning assets, 
Bank only) was 9.10%, which increased from 3.17% as of 31 December 2021 primarily due to an increase in 
loan yields on the back of core banking activities as well as the increase in the CPI-linker valuation of 85.5% 
as of 31 December 2022 compared to 19.89% as of 31 December 2021. The Bank expects net interest margin 
to realise above 5% (including impact from CPI-linkers) in 2023. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s revenue margin increased by 579 bps to 10.48%, as compared to 4.69% 
as of 31 December 2021. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income  
The Group’s net fees and commissions income for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to TL 
15,740,654 thousand, an increase of 95.64% from TL 8,045,770 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2021. This increase was mainly driven by increases in payment systems driven by higher numbers of 
transactions and economic activity, also supported by increase in lending-related and money transfer fees. 
As of 31 December 2022, of the total net fees and commissions received by the Bank, 47% came from card 
payment systems (an increase of 107% compared to 31 December 2021), which was primarily the result of 
increasing transactional activity, 31% from lending-related activity (an increase of 81% compared to 31 
December 2021), 8% from bancassurance (an increase of 46% compared to 31 December 2021), 8% from 
money transfers (an increase of 114% compared to 31 December 2021), 5% from investment products (an 
increase of 113% compared to 31 December 2021). See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit 
Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for 
Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income  
Other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2022 was TL 3,741,079 thousand, an increase of 
61.49% from TL 2,316,538 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 
amounted to TL 16,367,769 thousand, an increase of 58.75% from TL 10,310,327 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2021. The Group’s allowance for expected credit losses has increased by 56.9% during the year 
ended 31 December 2022 to TL 16,003,154 thousand mainly due to the Group’s continuous prudent approach 
in overall loan classification and provisioning. Management expects net cost of risk to realise at below 150 
bps in 2023. 
In 2022, the Bank took significant measures on asset quality, both in terms of classification of loans and 
coverage. Accordingly, the Bank’s Stage 2 loan coverage increased to 19.2% as of 31 December 2022 from 
18.8% as of 31 December 2021. Meanwhile, the Bank’s share of Stage 2 loans decreased to 13.2% from 
16.3% as of the same periods. The main driver of the decrease in the ratio of Stage 2 loans was due to 
denominator impact, supported by strong growth. The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans decreased to 
3.4% as of 31 December 2022 from 4.6% as of 31 December 2021 mainly due to the write-off of 100% 
provisioned receivables amounting to TL 3,109 million and TL 1,672 million NPL sales as well as strong 
growth in the year and the impact of currency devaluation on increase in total loans. In all, with 0.9%

--- Page 166 ---
147 
 
 
coverage in Stage 1 loans, total provisions per gross loans amounted to 5.9% as of 31 December 2022 
compared to 7.2% as of 31 December 2021. 
The net cost of risk increased to 2.34% (1.47% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the year ended 31 
December 2022 compared to 2.14% (0.87% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in 2021. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses (including personnel expenses) for the year ended 31 December 2022 were TL 
23,704,581 thousand, an increase of 116.58% from TL 10,945,015 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2021. The increase for the year ended 31 December 2022 was above inflation primarily due to continued 
investment in business growth, despite an overall cautious approach on cost growth. As of 31 December 2022, 
the Bank had 801 branches (including 734 retail branches, 15 private banking branches, four corporate 
branches and 42 commercial branches, three mobile branches, one free zone branch, one custody branch and 
one branch abroad). The total number of employees of the Group increased to 16,339 as of 31 December 
2022, as compared to 16,313 as of 31 December 2021.  
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Year Ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
The Group’s net profit was TL 10,490,016 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 
106.51% compared to net profit of TL 5,079,683 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. The 
increase was primarily driven by successful asset liability management and trading activities as well as 
significant contribution from CPI-linker income in 2021. The Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 31.0% for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 compared to 33.4% for the year ended 31 December 2020.  Costs grew over 
the period due to continued investment in business growth and increasing inflation, the impact of which is also 
reflected on expected credit loss based on the Bank’s assumptions for macroeconomic variables. 
The table below summarises the Group’s summary consolidated income statement for each of the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2020, the components of which are described in greater detail below:  
  
For the year ended 31 December  
2021 
2020 
% 
Change
(TL thousands)
Income Statement Data
Interest income .................................................................................................... 
54,084,352
35,000,149
54.53
Interest expense ................................................................................................... 
(30,348,799)
(16,969,223)
78.85
Net interest income ........................................................................................... 
23,735,553
18,030,926
31.64
Net fees and commissions income ...................................................................... 
8,045,770
5,754,236
39.82
Dividend income ................................................................................................. 
17,251
17,158
0.54
Trading profit/(loss) (net) .................................................................................... 
895,375
419,706
113.33
Other operating income(1) .................................................................................... 
2,316,538
1,601,279
44.67
Gross profit from operating activities(1) .......................................................... 
35,010,487
25,823,305
35.58
Provision for expected losses(1) ........................................................................... 
(10,198,148)
(9,714,586)
4.98
Other operating expenses .................................................................................... 
(6,140,696)
(5,068,886)
21.14
Other provision expenses .................................................................................... 
(112,179)
(475,061)
(76.39)
Personnel expenses ............................................................................................. 
(4,804,319)
(3,856,797)
24.57
Net operating profit/(loss)................................................................................. 
13,755,145
6,707,975
105.06
Profit/ Loss From Equity Method Applied Subsidiaries ..................................... 
138,629
89,133
55.53
Profit/(loss) before taxes from continuing operations .................................... 
13,893,774
6,797,108
104.41
Provisions for taxes on income from continuing operations (±).......................... 
(3,403,758)
(1,717,425)
98.19
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ..................................................... 
10,490,016
5,079,683
106.51
Minority shares ................................................................................................... 
258
165
56.36
Group’s profit/loss ............................................................................................ 
10,489,758
5,079,518
106.51

--- Page 167 ---
148 
 
 
(1) Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis. Financial information for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 have not been retrospectively restated for this change. 
 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
  
 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December 
2021 
2020 
(%)
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity ................................................................ 
19.6 
12.0 
Net interest margin ............................................................................................................. 
3.2 
3.8 
Capital adequacy ratio(1) ..................................................................................................... 
15.0 
16.7 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2) ............................................................................................ 
12.6 
13.6 
Cost-to-income ratio ........................................................................................................... 
31.0 
33.4 
NPL ratio ............................................................................................................................ 
4.6 
6.2 
Cost to average total assets ................................................................................................. 
1.7 
1.9 
  
Note: The measures presented in the table above are defined under and should be read in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial 
and Other Information—Alternative Performance Measures.” Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared on an 
annual basis. 
 (1) 
The capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase exchange rates for 
252 working days before calculation date. In addition to exchange rate calculation, as of 31 December 2020, in the calculation of capital 
adequacy ratio, the negative valuation differences on securities acquired before 23 March 2020 classified under “securities at fair value through 
other comprehensive income” are not taken into consideration in the calculation of own funds according to BRSA guidance dated 23 March 
2020. The capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, in each case including the impact of Temporary 
Forbearances, were 17.6% and 17.2%, respectively. 
(2) 
The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios do not include the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. In accordance with BRSA rules, as of 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020, total risk weighted assets are calculated with arithmetic average of the CBRT’s spot purchase exchange 
rates for 252 working days before calculation date. The tier 1 capital adequacy ratios reported for 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, in 
each case including the impact of Temporary Forbearances, were 14.9% and 14.1%, respectively. 
 
Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  
The Group’s net interest income increased by 32% to TL 23,735,553 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2021 from TL 18,030,926 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. Net interest income 
increased despite the higher cost of funding due to the high interest rate environment for most of 2021. 
Interest income increased by 54.54% in the year ended 31 December 2021 as compared to year ended 31 
December 2020, partially offset by a more significant increase in interest expense of 78.85%. Interest income 
from performing loans increased by 46.15% in that same period, primarily due to a 53.39% increase in interest 
income from TL performing loans, supported by a 84.71% increase in interest income from marketable 
securities mainly arising from income from CPI-linked securities between the year ended 31 December 2020 
and the year ended 31 December 2021. The Group’s interest expense increased by 78.85% in the year ended 
31 December 2021 as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily driven by a 85.68% increase 
in interest expense on Turkish Lira deposits (which constitute 48.17% of the Group’s interest expense) due to 
the increasing interest rate environment throughout most of the year. 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest on loans, which amounted to TL 37,589,124 
thousand (69.5% of total interest income) for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 46.15% 
compared to TL 25,718,793 thousand (73.48% of total interest income) for the previous year. The increase 
was mainly attributable to interest income received from TL loans with higher rates and the higher volume. 
The Group’s remaining interest income mainly derives from interest received from marketable securities, 
which amounted to TL 13,207,832 thousand (24.42% of the Group’s total interest income) in the year ended 
31 December 2021, an increase of 84.71% compared to TL 7,150,575 thousand (20.43% of the Group’s total 
interest income) for the previous year. The increase was primarily due to the Group’s CPI-linker income, 
which increased to TL 9,847 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 from TL 4,587 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 due to higher overall inflation rates from a low base in 2020. As of 31 December 
2021, the Bank’s cumulative swap adjusted net interest margin (net interest income divided by average 
interest earning assets, Bank only) was 3.17%, which decreased from 3.78% as of 31 December 2020 
primarily due to an increase in funding costs despite increased income from core banking activities as well as 
the increase in the CPI-linker valuation of 19.89% as of 31 December 2021 compared to 11.89% as of 31

--- Page 168 ---
149 
 
 
December 2020. However, such margin is expected to expand in the beginning of 2022 with the impact of 
asset repricing to reflect higher prevailing interest rates on loans. The Bank expects net interest margin to 
expand by approximately 100 bps (including impact from CPI-linkers) in 2022, although this remains subject 
to significant uncertainties given volatile markets. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s revenue margin decreased by 60 bps to 4.69%, as compared to 5.29% 
as of 31 December 2020. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income  
The Group’s net fees and commissions income for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to TL 
8,045,770 thousand, an increase of 39.82% from TL 5,754,236 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2020. This increase was mainly driven by increases in payment systems driven by higher interest rates 
throughout most of the year supported by increase in lending-related and money transfer fees. 
As of 31 December 2021, of the total net fees and commissions received by the Bank, 43.85% came from card 
payment systems (an increase of 53.3% compared to 31 December 2020), which was primarily the result of 
higher interest rates as well as increasing transactional activity), 32.57% from lending-related activity (an 
increase of 25.71% compared to 31 December 2020), 10.12% from bancassurance (an increase of 26.06% 
compared to 31 December 2020), 7.09% from money transfers (an increase of 63.01% compared to 31 
December 2020), 5.82% from investment products (an increase of 31.56% compared to 31 December 2020). 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand 
Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income  
Other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2021 was TL 2,316,538 thousand, an increase of 
44.67% from TL 1,601,279 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the year ended 31 December 2021 
amounted to TL 10,310,327 thousand, a limited increase of 1.18% from TL 10,189,647 thousand for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. The Group’s allowance for expected credit losses has increased by 4.98% during 
the year ended 31 December 2021 to TL 10,198.148 thousand due to normalization starting in the fourth 
quarter of 2021. Management expects NPL inflows to continue normalizing in 2022, resulting in somewhat 
higher provisioning in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
In 2021, the Bank took significant measures on asset quality, both in terms of classification of loans and 
coverage. Accordingly, the Bank’s ratio of Stage 2 loans to total loans increased to 16.3% from 15.9% as of 
31 December 2020.  Meanwhile, coverage increased to 18.8% from 17.5% as of the same periods. The main 
driver of the increase in the ratio of Stage 2 loans was the Bank’s prudent asset quality approach. The Bank’s 
ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans decreased to 4.6% as of 31 December 2021 from 6.4% as of 31 December 
2020 mainly due to the write-off of 100% provisioned receivables amounting to TL 1,044 million and TL 801 
million net NPL inflows as well as strong growth in the year and the upward impact of currency devaluation 
on increase in total loans. In all, with 0.96% coverage in Stage 1 loans, total provisions per gross loans 
amounted to 7.2% as of 31 December 2021 compared to 8.1% as of 31 December 2020. 
The net cost of risk decreased to 2.14% (0.87% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the year ended 31 
December 2021 compared to 2.90% (2.51% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in 2020. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses (including personnel expenses) for the year ended 31 December 2021 were TL 
10,945,015 thousand, an increase of 22.62% from TL 8,925,683 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2020. The increase for the year ended 31 December 2021 was above inflation primarily due to continued 
investment in business growth and increasing inflation, despite an overall cautious approach on cost growth. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Bank had 804 branches (including 738 retail branches, 15 private banking 
branches, four corporate branches and 41 commercial branches, three mobile branches, one free zone branch,

--- Page 169 ---
150 
 
 
one custody branch and one branch abroad). The total number of employees of the Group decreased to 16,313 
as of 31 December 2021, as compared to 16,871 as of 31 December 2020.  
Analysis by Segment 
Since August 2021, the Group carries out its banking operations through three main business units: (a) retail 
banking (including credit cards, individual banking), (b) corporate banking, and (c) commercial and SME 
banking. The Group also has other foreign and other domestic operations. 
Prior to August 2021 the Group’s corporate banking unit and its commercial and SME banking unit were 
operated as a single operating segment within the Group. They were separated in August 2021 with the 
appointment of Muharrem Kaan Şakul as Assistant General Manager for Corporate Banking and Akif Cahit 
Erdoğan appointed as Assistant General Manager for Commercial and SME Banking Management.  
As a result, with respect to the Bank’s results by segment, comparisons to prior periods are limited.  For its 
results by segment for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank has presented its operating segments with 
Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking together as a single operating segment entitled 
Corporate and Commercial Banking.  For the year ended 31 December 2021 and thereafter, the Bank has 
presented Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking separately as individual operating segments.

--- Page 170 ---
151 
 
 
The following tables set forth certain data for the Group’s segments for the nine month periods ended 30 September 2023 and 2022, and the years ended 31 December 
2022, 2021 and 2020: 
Nine month period ended 30 September 2023 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
Total operations 
of the Group 
Operating revenue continuing(3) ...........................................
38,817,278 
9,101,997 
30,620,539 
2,162,449 
6,435,321 
28,103,664 
(94,351)
115,146,897 
Operating expenses continuing(3)..........................................
(17,253,823)
(6,587,702)
(3,570,064)
(613,539)
(1,269,255)
(22,364,821)
94,351 
(51,564,853)
Net operating income continuing ......................................
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
5,738,843 
— 
63,582,044 
Dividend income(2)...............................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
61,510
— 
61,510
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method.............................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
879,572
— 
879,572
Profit before tax .................................................................
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
6,679,925
— 
64,523,126  
Tax expense(2) ......................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(15,819,934)
— 
(15,819,934)
Net period income from continuing operations................
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
(9,140,009)
— 
48,703,192
Minority interest (-)..............................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(988)
—  
(988)
Net period income from discontinued operations.................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss..............................................................
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
(9,140,997)
— 
48,702,204
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
(3) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, impacting the Group’s operating revenue continuing and operating expenses continuing.

--- Page 171 ---
152 
 
 
Nine month period ended 30 September 2022
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial and 
SME Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
Total operations 
of the Group 
(TL, thousands)
Operating revenue continuing(3) ..............................................
14,683,269  
4,681,100  
12,479,645  
1,016,175  
2,652,593  
39,510,949  
(13,002) 
75,010,729
Operating expenses continuing(3) ............................................
(9,173,811) 
(3,546,390) 
(4,856,960) 
(371,558) 
(670,151) 
(10,659,623) 
13,002  
(29,265,491) 
Net operating income continuing.........................................
5,509,458  
1,134,710  
7,622,685  
644,617  
1,982,442  
28,851,326  
—  
45,745,238  
Dividend income(2)..................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
86,809 
— 
86,809 
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
169,949  
— 
169,949  
Profit before tax ....................................................................
5,509,458  
1,134,710  
7,622,685 
644,617 
1,982,442 
29,108,084 
— 
46,001,996 
Tax expense(2) .........................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(10,686,119)  
— 
(10,686,119) 
Net period income from continuing operations ..................
5,509,458  
1,134,710  
7,622,685 
644,617 
1,982,442 
18,421,965 
—  
35,315,877 
Minority interest (-).................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
(429)
—
(429) 
Net period income from discontinued operations....................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss.................................................................
5,509,458 
1,134,710  
7,622,685 
644,617 
1,982,442 
18,421,536 
— 
35,315,448 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
(3) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, impacting the Group’s operating revenues continuing and operating expenses continuing. The 
comparative financial information for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change.

--- Page 172 ---
153 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2022
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial and 
SME Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
 
Total operations of 
the Group 
(TL, thousands)
Operating revenue continuing ......................................
20,936,911
6,562,696 
18,276,595 
1,450,116 
3,963,319 
57,790,941 
(38,683)
108,941,895
Operating expenses continuing ....................................
(15,442,780) 
(4,982,023) 
(7,397,186) 
(542,401) 
(1,162,091) 
(10,584,552) 
38,683 
(40,072,350) 
Net operating income continuing ..............................
5,494,131 
1,580,673 
10,879,409 
907,715 
2,801,228 
47,206,389 
— 
68,869,545 
Dividend income(2).......................................................
—
—
—
—
—
88,694
—
88,694
Income/loss from investments accounted based on 
equity method..........................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
235,529 
— 
235,529 
Profit before tax .........................................................
5,494,131  
1,580,673 
10,879,409 
907,715 
2,801,228 
47,530,612 
— 
69,193,768 
Tax expense(2) ..............................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(16,448,467) 
— 
(16,448,467) 
Net period income from continuing operations........
5,494,131  
1,580,673 
10,879,409 
907,715 
2,801,228 
31,082,145 
— 
52,745,301 
Minority interest (-)......................................................
—
—
—
—
—
(612)
—
(612)
Net period income from discontinued operations.........
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss......................................................
5,494,131  
1,580,673 
10,879,409 
907,715 
2,801,228 
31,081,533 
— 
52,744,689 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial and 
SME Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
 
Total operations 
of the Group 
(TL, thousands)
Operating revenue continuing.................................................
9,800,572
2,987,865
7,186,192
623,469
2,131,275
12,272,579
(8,716)
34,993,236
Operating expenses continuing ...............................................
(7,353,332) 
3,219,209) 
(4,673,253) 
(308,045) 
(898,152) 
(4,812,067) 
8,716 
(21,255,342) 
Net operating income continuing.........................................
2,447,240 
(231,344) 
2,512,939 
315,424 
1,233,123 
7,460,512 
— 
13,737,894 
Dividend income(2)..................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
17,251
—
17,251
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
138,629 
— 
138,629 
Profit before tax ....................................................................
2,447,240 
(231,344) 
2,512,939 
315,424 
1,233,123 
7,616,392 
— 
13,893,774 
Tax expense(2) .........................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(3,403,758) 
— 
(3,403,758) 
Net period income from continuing operations ..................
2,447,240 
(231,344) 
2,512,939 
315,424 
1,233,123 
4,212,634 
— 
10,490,016 
Minority interest (-).................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
(258)
—
(258)
Net period income from discontinued operations....................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss.................................................................
2,447,240 
(231,344) 
2,512,939 
315,424 
1,233,123 
4,212,376 
— 
10,489,758 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”.

--- Page 173 ---
154 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate and 
Commercial 
Banking(3) 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
(TL, thousands)
Operating revenue continuing ............................................
9,201,210 
8,249,775 
436,538 
1,334,015 
6,592,927 
(8,318)
25,806,147
Operating expenses continuing ..........................................
(8,053,781)
(5,758,254)
(225,746)
(519,310)
(4,566,557)
8,318 
(19,115,330)
Net operating income continuing ....................................
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792 
814,705  
2,026,370  
— 
6,690,817
Dividend income(2).............................................................
—
—
—
—
17,158 
—
17,158 
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method............................................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
89,133  
— 
89,133  
Profit before tax ...............................................................
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792 
814,705  
2,132,661  
— 
6,797,108
Tax expense(2) ....................................................................
- 
- 
 
 
(1,717,425) 
— 
(1,717,425) 
Net period income from continuing operations..............
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792 
814,705  
415,236  
— 
5,079,683
Minority interest (-)............................................................
—
—
—
—
(165)
—
(165) 
Net period income from discontinued operations...............
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss............................................................
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792 
814,705  
415,071  
— 
5,079,518
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
(3) 
Presents the Group’s operating segments prior to their reorganisation, with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented together as a single operating segment.

--- Page 174 ---
155 
 
 
Retail Banking 
Retail banking products and services offered to customers include credit cards, consumer loans (including 
general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), SME loans, time and demand deposits, investment 
accounts, life and non life insurance products and payroll services. Credit card operations cover the 
management of products and services for member merchants as well as the sales and marketing operations for 
a variety of customer types. Operating profit for the retail banking segment calculated in accordance with 
TFRS 9 increased to TL 21,563,455 thousand (U.S.$787,657 thousand) or by 291% for nine months ended 30 
September 2023, from TL 5,509,458 thousand for the same period in 2022. The increase resulted primarily 
from growing in consumer segment in-line with the Bank’s stategy to focus on small ticket loan products and 
proactive asset liability management. Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 5,494,131 thousand or 
by 125% for the year ended 31 December 2022, from TL 2,447,240 thousand for the same period in 2021. 
Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 2,447,240 thousand (U.S.$188,576 thousand) or by 113% for 
the year ended 31 December 2021, from TL 1,147,429 thousand for the same period in 2020. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
Through its private banking activities as a unit within the Bank’s retail banking segment, the Bank serves high 
net worth customers and delivers investment products to these customers. Among the products and services 
offered to pivate banking customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products such as 
forwards, futures and options in domestic & international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and 
equity trading, pension plans, insurance products and 24/7 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services. Also, 
personal advisory services (art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) are offered within the 
private banking and wealth management activities. Customers are also provided with investment advisory and 
portfolio management services through the Group’s portfolio management and brokerage subsidiaries.  
The Group also previously provided pension plans and insurance products, but completed a transaction to sell 
this business to Allianz in 2014. See “Business of the Bank—Associates—Yapı Kredi Insurance (Yapı Kredi 
Sigorta) and Yapı Kredi Pension (Yapı Kredi Emeklilik)”. 
Operating profit for the private banking unit increased to TL 5,688,000 thousand (U.S.$250,000 thousand) for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023, from TL 1,387,000 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022. Operating profit for the unit increased to TL 2,203,000 thousand (U.S.$128,500 thousand) 
for the year ended 31 December 2022, from TL 544,511 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Operating profit for the unit increased to TL 544,511 thousand (U.S.$61,579 thousand) for the year ended 31 
December 2021, from TL 491,205 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase across all 
periods was driven primarily by the Bank’s asset focus and asset allocation approach, as well as by intensified 
communication efforts both with customers and with the sales team. 
Corporate Banking 
The corporate banking segment is organised for large-scale, international and multi-national companies. The 
corporate banking segment provides a full range of corporate banking products and services including, but not 
limited to, cash management, investment loans, trade finance, merge and acquisition, financial advisory and 
project finance. 
Net operating income for the corporate banking segment increased to TL 2,514,295 thousand for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2023 from TL 1,134,710 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 
2022. 
Commercial and SME Banking 
The commercial and SME banking segment is organised into two subgroups: commercial banking for large-
scale and medium-sized enterprises and SME banking for small and medium-sized enterprises. The primary 
business lines in the Commercial and SME banking segment are working capital, financing, foreign trade 
finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as letters of credit 
and guarantees, cash management and e-banking services to mid-size and large commercial clients.  
Net operating income for the commercial and SME banking segment increased to TL 27,050,475 thousand for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023 from TL 7,622,685 thousand for the nine months ended

--- Page 175 ---
156 
 
 
30 September 2022. Non-interest income has been increased by 117% for the nine months ended 30 
September 2023 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2022. Cash loan volume increased by 22% 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2022 mainly 
driven by 27% growth in TL cash loan volumes. 
In December 2016, the Turkish government announced that the Undersecretariat of Treasury would provide a 
guarantee for SME loans up to an aggregate amount of TL 250 billion under the Credit Guarantee Fund 
(“CGF”) programme, which aimed to boost economic growth, support high potential companies that have 
difficulty accessing funding due to collateralisation constraints and help Turkish banks to grow by allowing 
0% risk weight to be applied to the guaranteed portion of these loans. The CGF can provide guarantees from 
80% to 100% of the sum of interest, dividend and rent payments except for the default interest and principal 
balance on the date of loan payment for both SMEs and non-SMEs.  See “Business of the Bank—Commercial 
and SME Banking” for additional information on the CGF programme, including information on the changes 
to the programme in order to address the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. CGF loans have been 
a significant driver of loan growth, particularly during periods of weaker demand and challenging economic 
conditions.  
Foreign Operations 
Foreign operations include the Group’s banking operations in the Netherlands and Azerbaijan. Operating 
profit for the foreign operations segment increased to TL 1,548,910 thousand (U.S.$69,806 thousand) for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2023, from TL 644,618 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 
2022. Operating profit for the segment amounted to TL 907,715 thousand (U.S.$48,545 thousand) for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 compared to TL 315,424 thousand (U.S.$35,618 thousand) for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and TL 210,792 thousand for the same period in 2020.  
Other Domestic Operations 
Other operations mainly consist of treasury transactions of supporting business units, insurance operations and 
other unallocated transactions, including the effect of free capital. Operating profit for the other domestic 
operations segment increased to TL 5,166,066 thousand (U.S.$232,824 thousand) for the nine months ended 
30 September 2023, from TL 1,982,441 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2022, largely as a 
result of an increase in the interest income generation of domestic subsidiaries. Operating profit for the 
segment increased to TL 2,801,228 thousand (U.S.$215,853 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2022 
from TL 1,233,123 thousand (U.S.$139,246 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2021. Operating profit 
for the segment increased to TL 1,233,123 thousand (U.S.$139,246 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 
2021, from TL 814,705 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 176 ---
157 
 
 
Treasury, Asset-Liability Management and Other 
The Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other segment mainly consists of treasury and asset liability 
management activities of the Group. Operating profit for the treasury, asset liability management and other 
segment decreased by 149.62% to TL (9,140,997) thousand (U.S.$(411,967) thousand) for the nine months 
ended 30 September 2023, from TL 18,421,536 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 
mainly due to an increase in CPI-linker income (to TL 42,184,136 thousand as of 30 September 2023 from TL 
26,178,677 thousand as of 30 September 2022). Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 31,081,533 
thousand (U.S.$1,877,857 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2022, from TL 4,212,376 thousand for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 4,212,376 thousand 
(U.S.$475,666 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2021, from TL 415,071 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Financial Condition  
The table below sets forth the components of the Group’s summary consolidated balance sheet data as of 30 
September 2023 and 31 December 2022:  
30 September  
2023 
31 December 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Balance Sheet Data
Cash and balances with Central Bank ............................................................................  
273,098,906
152,830,903
Banks ..............................................................................................................................  
46,717,834
39,845,017
Loans ..............................................................................................................................  
823,722,888
628,188,410
Receivables From Leasing Transactions (Net)...............................................................
30,913,502
20,548,153
Factoring Receivables ....................................................................................................
13,088,126
12,481,468
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ........................................................  
1,994,481
2,270,895
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ...............................  
93,609,232
78,471,491
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ...................................................................  
289,955,020
168,826,257
Others .............................................................................................................................  
105,291,632
80,804,420
Total assets ....................................................................................................................  
1,678,391,621
1,184,267,014
Deposits ..........................................................................................................................  
1,006,914,430
705,495,439
Borrowings .....................................................................................................................  
135,714,863
94,116,398
Others .............................................................................................................................  
373,529,652
258,393,238
Shareholders’ equity ....................................................................................................  
162,232,676
126,261,939
Total Liabilities and shareholders’ equity ..................................................................  
1,678,391,621
1,184,267,014
 
Total Assets  
The Group had total assets of TL 1,678,391,621 thousand as of 30 September 2023, an increase of 41.72% as 
compared to 31 December 2022. The largest share of the increase in total assets in the nine months ended 30 
September 2023 came from loans, which increased by 31.13% to TL 823,722,888 thousand as of 30 
September 2023 from TL 628,188,410 thousand as of 31 December 2022, mainly due to the 53.58% increase 
in TL loans in line with the Bank’s TL and small-ticket volume growth strategy. Additionally, a large portion 
of the increase came from securities, which increased by 54.49% to TL 385,558,733 thousand as of 30 
September 2023 from TL 249,568,643 thousand as of 31 December 2022. Loans and receivables comprised 
51.70% of total assets as of 30 September 2023, as compared to 55.83% as of 31 December 2022. Foreign 
exchange loans increased in U.S. dollar terms. Performing loans increased by 31.37% as compared to 31 
December 2022. As of 30 September 2023, the breakdown of total loans by sector was as follows: 40% from 
retail (compared to 37% as of 31 December 2022), 4% from financial institutions (compared to 4% as of 31 
December 2022), 10% from export related loans (compared to 10% as of 31 December 2022), 30% from 
business loans (compared to 34% as of 31 December 2022) and 16% from other loans and receivables 
(compared to 15% as of 31 December 2022).  
The Bank’s intra-group cash exposure in total cash loans as of 30 September 2023 was 12.4% of the total 
capital base (as compared to the maximum regulatory limit of 20%). In addition, the top 20 loans accounted 
for 14.3% of the total loan book.  
The percentage of non-performing loans to gross loans decreased to 3.26% as of 30 September 2023 from 
3.37% as of 31 December 2022. The specific coverage on non-performing loans without considering collateral

--- Page 177 ---
158 
 
 
decreased to 68.6% as of 30 September 2023 versus its level at 74.5% on 31 December 2022. If generic 
provisions for cash loans were also included, total coverage on non-performing loans would have been at 
148% as of 30 September 2023, as compared to 166% as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s net cost of risk 
improved to 1.31% as of 30 September 2023 and 1.96% as of 30 September 2022 if the foreign exchange 
impact is included, from 1.47% as of 31 December 2022, primarily driven by limited NPL inflows and strong 
collections performance. 
The Group’s total securities (comprising financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost) increased by 
54.49% to TL 385,558,733 thousand as of 30 September 2023 from TL 249,568,643 thousand as of 
31 December 2022, primarily due to an increase in government debt securities under financial assets measured 
at amortised cost. The mix of securities was approximately 36% foreign currency (majority fixed rate) and 
64% Turkish Lira of which approximately 30% were fixed rate, 7% were floating rate and 63% were CPI-
linked securities. The percentage of securities in total assets increased to 23% as of 30 September 2023 from 
21.1% as of 31 December 2022. 
The Group uses an internal managerial metric, Value at Risk (“VaR”), to simulate its potential economic loss. 
VaR represents potential loss of certain items on the balance sheet in value over one day for a 99% confidence 
interval. VaR metrics are in line with approved limits.   
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity  
On the liability side, deposits increased by 42.72% to TL 1,006,914,430 thousand as of 30 September 2023 
from TL 705,495,439 thousand as of 31 December 2022, and constituted 60% of the Group’s total liabilities 
as of 30 September 2023 (compared to 59.57% as of 31 December 2022). The growth in deposits was higher 
than the growth in loans during the nine months ended 30 September 2023 mainly focusing on regulatory 
requirements, liquidity management and reduced lending activity. During the nine months ended 30 
September 2023, the Group’s TL denominated deposits grew at a higher rate than its USD denominated 
deposits in line with sector evolution. The Group’s growth in deposits was higher than the average for private 
Turkish banks as a result of its asset liability management strategy. The Group’s focus on relatively less costly 
small ticket retail and demand deposits continued in 2023. The funding base was supported by successful 
capital markets issuances including the issuance of U.S.$650 million Additional Tier 1 Capital (“AT1”) notes 
in January 2019 and an issuance of U.S.$500 million senior secured notes in March 2019. The share of 
demand deposits in total deposits was 42.41% as of 30 September 2023.  The Group issued floating-rate Tier 2 
notes to qualified investors in Türkiye in July 2019 with a transaction size of TL 500 million and a 
subordinated Tier-2 debt of TL 300 million in October 2019. Additionally, the Group successfully completed 
a 144A/Reg S, 10NC5 Basel III complaint Tier-2 deal with a coupon rate of 7.875% in January 2021, 
replacing the subordinated debt issued in March 2016 that was announced to be called by the Group with the 
announcement of the issuance. The loans to deposits ratio (including TL securities) decreased to 78.4% as of 
30 September 2023, as compared to 84.6% as of 31 December 2022.  
Borrowings (including loans received/funds borrowed, subordinated debt and marketable securities issued) 
increased by 44.36% to TL 316,593,259 thousand as of 30 September 2023 from TL 219,314,861 thousand as 
of 31 December 2022. The composition of borrowings as of 30 September 2023 was as follows: 23.46% from 
securitisations, 42.87% from syndications, 12.84% from subordinated debt, 2.59% from bonds and bills 
(including loan participation notes) and 18.24% from other funding sources, including foreign trade related 
borrowings and borrowings of subsidiaries.  
The Group’s shareholders’ equity increased by 28.49% to TL 162,232,676 thousand as of 30 September 2023 
from TL 126,261,939 thousand as of 31 December 2022, mainly as a result of strong profit generation on the 
back of core banking income increase driven by strong growth, increase in margins, strong fee income 
generation and CPI-linked securities income contribution.  
According to BRSA consolidated figures, the Group had a reported capital adequacy ratio of 19.9% as of 30 
September 2023 (or 17.8% without Temporary Forbearances) as compared to 19.9% as of 31 December 2022 
(or 18% without Temporary Forbearances).

--- Page 178 ---
159 
 
 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments  
The Group’s total off-balance sheet commitments including guarantees and warranties, commitments and 
derivative instruments increased by 53.93% to TL 2,219,301,318 thousand as of 30 September 2023, from TL 
1,441,792,466 thousand as of 31 December 2022. The increase in total off-balance sheet commitments in the 
nine months ended 30 September 2023 was primarily due to the increase in derivative financial instruments, 
which increased by 40.72% to TL 1,250,075,343 thousand as of 30 September 2023 from TL 888,363,289 
thousand as of 31 December 2022. 
 
Segment Results  
The following tables set forth certain income statement data for the Group’s operating segments for each of 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023 and 30 September 2022:  
 
30 September 2023
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other 
Foreign 
Operations
Other 
Domestic 
Operations
Other(1) 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(2)
Total 
(TL thousands)
Operating revenue 
continuing.......
38,817,278 
9,101,997 
30,620,539 
2,162,449 
6,435,321 
28,103,664 
(94,351) 
115,146,897 
Operating 
expenses 
continuing.......
(17,253,823)
(6,587,702)
(3,570,064)
(613,539)
(1,269,255)
(22,364,821)
94,351  
(51,564,853)
Segment result .....
21,563,455 
2,514,295 
27,050,475 
1,548,910 
5,166,066 
5,738,843 
— 
63,582,044 
  
(1)  “Other” represents Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other.  
(2) Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in the New Financial Statements. 
 
30 September 2022
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking(1) 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking(1) 
Other 
Foreign 
Operations
Other 
Domestic 
Operations
Other(2) 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(3)
Total 
(TL thousands)
Operating revenue
continuing(4) ....
14,683,269 
4,681,100 
12,479,645 
1,016,175 
2,652,593 
39,510,949 
(13,002) 
75,010,729 
Operating 
expenses 
continuing(4) ....
(9,173,811)
(3,546,390)
(4,856,960)
(371,558)
(670,151)
(10,659,623)
13,002  
(29,265,491)
Segment result .....
5,509,458 
1,134,710 
7,622,685 
644,617 
1,982,442 
28,851,326 
— 
45,745,238 
  
(1) Figures for the year ended 30 September 2022 present the Group’s operating segments as of 30 September 2023 with Corporate Banking and 
Commercial and SME Banking presented separately as individual operating segments.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Analysis by Segment” in the Base Prospectus for additional information. 
(2) “Other” represents Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other.  
(3) Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in the New Financial Statements. 
(4) 
Starting from 1 January 2023, the Group has started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, impacting the 
Group’s operating revenues continuing and operating expenses continuing. The comparative financial information for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022 has been retrospectively restated for this change. 
Cash and Balances with the Central Bank 
 
Cash and balances with the Central Bank represent a relatively small percentage of the Group’s total assets, 
making up 16.7%, 12.91%, 15.34% and 11.86% as of 30 September 2023 and as of 31 December 2022, 2021 
and 2020 respectively. The increase in cash and balances with the Central Bank was primarily due to an 
increase in reserve deposits at central banks driven by an increased rate of reserve requirements of the Central 
Bank and the volume growth of the Bank. 
Loans 
 
Loans represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As of 30 September 2023, loans amounted to TL 
867,724,516 thousand (U.S.$31,695,731 thousand), which represented 51.70% of the Group’s total assets, 
compared to TL 623,788,169 thousand, which represented 52.67% of the Group’s total assets as of 31

--- Page 179 ---
160 
 
 
December 2022, TL 413,658,293 thousand, which represented 52.98% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 
December 2021 and TL 292,470,987 thousand, which represented 60.12% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 
December 2020.  
The Group provides financing for various purposes, the majority of which are corporate and commercial loans 
and loans to SMEs. However, as demand for longer term financing from existing customers and other high 
quality corporate credits increases, the Group expects the maturity profile of its portfolio to gradually increase 
further. 
Loans according to Maturity Structure  
The following tables set out certain information relating to the maturity structure of the Group’s loan portfolio 
based upon the division between (i) short-term (less than one year) and (ii) medium and long-term loans 
(greater than one year) in line with BRSA Principles as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 2022 
Standard loans 
Loans under close monitoring 
Not under the scope 
of restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions modified 
(TL, thousands)
Short term loans.....................................................................
285,521,541 
10,222,709 
2,126,313 
Medium and long term loans .................................................
271,970,906 
20,998,605 
48,111,659 
Total......................................................................................
557,492,447
31,221,314 
50,237,972 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Standard loans 
Loans under close monitoring 
Not under the scope 
of restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions modified 
(TL, thousands)
Short term loans.....................................................................
146,688,762
5,579,552
2,719,843
Medium and long term loans .................................................
209,554,017
24,288,022
35,299,975
Total......................................................................................
356,242,779
29,867,574
38,019,818
 
As of 31 December 2020 
Standard loans 
Loans under close monitoring 
Not under the scope 
of restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions modified 
(TL, thousands)
Short term loans.....................................................................
99,197,098
3,548,187
1,571,422
Medium and long term loans .................................................
150,290,856
23,311,112
19,689,821
Total......................................................................................
249,487,954
26,859,299
21,261,243
 
Consumer Loans, Individual Credit Cards, Personnel Loans and Personnel Credit Cards 
 
Total lending to individuals through consumer loans, individual credit cards, personnel loans and personnel 
credit cards amounted to TL 293,707,191 thousand (U.S.$10,728,364 thousand), which represented 17.50% of 
the Group’s total assets, as of 30 September 2023, an increase from TL 191,524,759 thousand 
(U.S.$10,242,897 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, which represented 16.17% of the Group’s total assets 
which in turn was an increase (in TL terms) from TL 106,803,618 thousand (U.S.$8,229,907 thousand) as of 
31 December 2021, which represented 13.68% of the Group’s total assets which in turn was an increase from 
TL 74,519,273 thousand as of 31 December 2020, which represented 15.32% of the Group’s total assets. 
Commercial Instalment Loans and Corporate Credit Cards 
 
Lending through commercial instalment loans and corporate credit cards amounted to TL 81,421,470 
thousand (U.S.$2,974,116 thousand), which represented 4.85% of the Group’s total assets, as of 30 September 
2023, compared to TL 66,970,174 thousand, which represented 5.65% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 
December 2022, compared to TL 36,652,036 thousand, which represented 4.7% of the Group’s total assets as

--- Page 180 ---
161 
 
 
of 31 December 2021 and compared to TL 30,159,326 thousand, which represented 6.20% of the Group’s 
total assets as of 31 December 2020.  
Non-performing Loan Sales 
 
From time to time, the Bank sells non-performing loans based on market conditions and expects to continue  
On 27 April 2022, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio with TL 1.3 billion principal amount for a total 
consideration of TL 205 million. 
On 28 September 2022, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio with TL 564.8 million principal amount for a total 
consideration of TL 112.9 million. 
In April and June 2023, the Bank sold fully-provisioned NPL portfolio in the aggregate amount of TL 905.8 
million for TL 233.1 million and in the aggregate amount of TL 1.0 billion for TL 333.5 million, respectively. 
In November 2023, the Bank sold fully-provisioned NPLs in the aggregate amount of TL 1,400 million for TL 
546 million.  
Derivatives 
 
The Group’s derivative transactions primarily include interest rate and foreign exchange swaps, forward 
foreign exchange purchase and sale transactions, and options. The following table sets out certain information 
on derivative financial assets based upon management data in line with BRSA requirements: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Types of derivative transactions 
(TL, thousands) 
Foreign currency related derivative 
transactions.............................................. 
503,484,314 
416,573,827 
232,423,842 
164,450,102 
FC trading forward transactions ...............
41,271,387 
30,739,505 
26,393,227 
16,119,910
Trading swap transactions........................
446,171,148 
279,037,373 
196,878,663 
138,304,781 
Futures transactions..................................
12,799,535 
2,520,247 
1,135,020 
414,267 
Trading option transactions......................
3,242,244 
106,796,949 
9,052,952 
9,611,144 
Interest related derivative transactions..... 
458,676,653 
249,210,542 
236,085,173 
147,553,561
Forward interest transactions....................
—
—
—
—
Interest rate swaps ....................................
443,496,868 
244,236,022 
231,543,920 
142,948,898 
Interest rate options ..................................
15,179,785 
4,974,520 
4,541,253 
4,604,663 
Interest rate futures...................................
—
—
—
—
Other trading derivative transactions...... 
199,159,195 
97,258,538 
86,902,870 
39,503,746 
Total trading derivative transactions....... 
1,161,320,162 
763,042,907 
555,312,885 
351,507,409
Types of hedging derivative transactions .....
—
—
—
—
Transactions for fair value hedge .............
4,422,245 
5,017,677 
3,503,800 
4,746,534 
Cash flow hedges .....................................
84,332,936 
117,782,458 
110,955,171 
91,306,804 
Transactions for foreign net investment 
hedge....................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total hedging related derivatives............... 
88,755,181 
122,800,135 
114,458,971 
96,053,338 
Total derivative transactions...................... 
1,250,075,343 
885,843,042 
669,771,856 
447,560,747 
 
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio comprises of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised 
cost. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of 
selling or repurchasing them in the near term or to form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments 
that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short term profit taking. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised and subsequently re measured at 
fair value. Securities with fixed maturity, where management has both the intent and the ability to hold to 
maturity, are classified as held to maturity. Securities intended to be held for an indefinite period of time, 
which may be sold in response to needs for liquidity or changes in interest rates, exchange rates or equity

--- Page 181 ---
162 
 
 
prices, or client’s servicing activity, are classified as available for sale. Management determines the 
appropriate classification of investments at the time of their purchase. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value, and are either acquired for 
generating profit from short term fluctuations in the price or dealer’s margin, or financial assets included in a 
portfolio in which a pattern of short term profit making exists independent from the acquisition purpose. 
Investment securities are initially recognised at fair value. Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Gains and losses arising from changes in 
the fair value of securities classified as available-for-sale are recognised in equity, until the financial asset is 
derecognised or impaired, at which time the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in equity is 
transferred to income statement. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost using the effective yield method, less 
any provision for impairment. 
The Group also enters into purchases or sales of investments under agreements to resell or repurchase 
substantially identical investments at a certain date in the future at a fixed price. Investments sold under 
repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are measured in accordance with the 
accounting policy for the asset held in the portfolio, as appropriate.  
The following table sets out a breakdown of investments held by the Group as on the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through profit or loss(1) .................
1,994,481 
2,270,895 
801,654 
676,765
Net financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income...........................................................................................
93,609,232 
78,471,491 
34,797,510 
25,100,560
Net financial assets measured at amortised cost(2)............................
289,955,020 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
53,028,224 
Total marketable securities portfolio............................................
385,558,733 
249,568,643 
131,885,976 
78,805,549 
___________ 
 
(1) 
Includes “Government debt securities” (TL 503,141 thousand, TL 325,240 thousand and TL 276,714 thousand as of 31 December 2022, 2021 
and 2020, respectively) and “Share certificates” (TL 410,869 thousand, TL 143,649 thousand and TL 238,703 thousand as of 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  
(2) 
Includes “Held to maturity investments (net)” (TL 148,361,559 thousand, TL 96,286,812 thousand and TL 53,028,224 thousand as of 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio is largely comprised of Turkish government TL and FX 
securities, including both fixed rate and CPI-linked bonds. The size of the Group’s marketable securities 
portfolio significantly increased by 54.49% to TL 385,558,733 thousand (U.S.$14,083,463 thousand) as of 30 
September 2023, compared to TL 249,568,643 thousand (U.S.$13,347,130 thousand) as of 31 December 
2022, which represented an increase of 89.23% compared to TL 131,885,976 thousand (U.S.$10,162,664 
thousand) as of 31 December 2021, which represented an increase of 67.36% compared to TL 78,805,549 
thousand as of 31 December 2020. The increase in the nine months ended 30 September 2023 was mainly 
driven by TL denominated security growth, which was primarily due to TL fixed rate Turkish government 
security growth. The increase in the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 were driven by growth in 
the CPI-linked bond portfolios. A substantial part of the Turkish Lira securities growth emanated from 
expansion in the volume of CPI-linked bonds with some additions on the fixed-rate foreign currency 
government securities.

--- Page 182 ---
163 
 
 
The weighted average interest rates for securities by major currencies outstanding as of 30 September 2023, 
and as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 based on yearly contractual rates are as follows: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
U.S.$
EUR
TL
U.S.$
EUR
TL
U.S.$
EUR
TL
U.S.$
EUR
TL
Investment securities
Financial assets where 
fair value change is 
reflected to other 
comprehensive income 
statement.......................
7.8
4.12
36.15
7.56
3.32
48.68
6.27
3.32
28.75
5.64
3.26
15.72
Financial Assets 
Measured at Amortised 
Cost...............................
6.42
1.91
37.65
6.39
2.62
53.69
6.25
2.71
30.36
6.42
1.74
15.92
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss assets include Government bonds and treasury bills, i.e., 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds, derivatives and also equity 
securities that are either listed or unlisted. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Government debt securities.........................
503,141 
365,229 
206,645 
276,714
Share certificates .........................................
410,869 
1,485,674 
305,324 
238,703
Derivative financial assets held for trading (1)
.................................................................
—
—
—
—
Other financial assets ..................................
1,080,471 
419,992 
289,685 
161,348 
Financial assets where fair value change is 
reflected to other comprehensive income 
statement.................................................
 
1,994,481 
 
2,270,895 
801,654 
676,765 
 
As of 30 September 2023, the size of the Group’s portfolio decreased by 12.17% to TL 1,994,481 thousand 
(U.S.$72,823 thousand) from TL 2,270,895 thousand (U.S.$121,449 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, itself 
an 183.28% increase from TL 801,654 thousand (U.S.$61,773 thousand) as of 31 December 2021, itself an 
18.45% increase from TL 676,765 thousand (U.S.$92,196 thousand) as of 31 December 2020. This increase in 
the Group’s portfolio was driven by the opportunistic accumulation of securities, as well as TL fixed rated 
securities acquired within the scope of regulatory framework across the period. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are financial assets that are not held for 
trading purposes, nor intended by the Group to be held-to-maturity. The portfolio of such assets consists of 
Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are discounted and coupon securities issued by the 
Turkish Treasury, as well as open-ended mutual funds incorporated in Türkiye, credit linked notes (“CLNs”), 
other bonds issued by domestic and foreign financial institutions and also equity securities that are either listed 
or unlisted.

--- Page 183 ---
164 
 
 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets available for 
sale as of 30 September 2023 and as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
As of 30 
September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022
2021
2020
(TL, thousands)
Debt securities..............................................
99,844,889 
79,553,354 
35,457,562
25,203,852
Quoted on stock exchange(3)......................
97,854,157 
77,776,653 
35,457,562
25,203,852
Not quoted(1)..............................................
1,990,732 
1,776,701 
—
—
Share certificates .........................................
241,070 
139,910 
136,511 
133,715
Quoted on stock exchange.........................
3,892 
2,667 
1,851 
286 
Not quoted.................................................
237,178 
137,243 
134,660 
133,429 
Impairment provision (-)(1) .........................
6,476,727 
1,221,773 
796,563
237,007
Other(2) .........................................................
-
-
—
—
Total financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income...................
93,609,232 
78,471,491 
34,797,510 
25,100,560 
____________ 
(1) 
The figure includes the negative differences between the cost and the market price of the securities and the impairment 
provisions, if any. 
(2) 
Other includes mutual funds. 
(3)  
As of 1 January 2018, the Group changed its accounting policies with regard to some government debt securities with the 
adoption of TFRS 9. As a result, government bonds with an amount of TL 1,998,350 have been classified from financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets measured at amortised cost. 
As of 30 September 2023, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased to TL 93,609,232 thousand 
(U.S.$3,419,303 thousand), itself an increase from TL 78,471,491 thousand (U.S.$4,196,718 thousand) as of 
31 December 2022, itself an increase from TL 34,797,510 thousand (U.S.$2,681,372 thousand) as of 31 
December 2021, itself an increase from TL 25,100,560 thousand (U.S.$3,419,462 thousand) as of 31 
December 2020. The size of the Group’s portfolio of such assets as a percentage of total assets increased to 
22.97% as of 30 September 2023, from 21.07% as of 31 December 2022, from 16.89% as of 31 December 
2021 and from 16.20% as of 31 December 2020.  
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost 
 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed 
maturity that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. These include certain debt investments.  
The Group’s portfolio of such assets consists of quoted on stock exchange Government bonds, treasury bills 
and other debt securities, all issued by the Turkish Treasury and foreign government bonds.  
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of 30 
September 2023 and as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Government bonds ..............................................
278,863,309 
163,629,166 
91,916,790
50,961,025
Treasury bills.......................................................
                              - 
                              - 
—
—
Other debt securities............................................
11,091,711 
5,197,091 
4,370,022 
2,067,199 
Total financial assets measured at amortised cost
......................................................................... 
289,955,020 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
53,028,224

--- Page 184 ---
165 
 
 
 
As of 30 September 2023, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased by 71.75% to TL 289,955,020 
thousand (U.S.$10,591,306 thousand) from TL 168,826,257 thousand (U.S.$9,028,963 thousand) as of 31 
December 2022, which was an increase from TL 96,286,812 thousand (U.S.$7,419,519 thousand) as of 31 
December 2021, which was an increase from TL 53,028,224 thousand (U.S.$7,224,062 thousand) as of 31 
December 2020. 
Property and Equipment 
The following table sets out movements in the Group’s tangible assets:  
As of 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Book value at the beginning of the period .....................................
4,974,156 
4,554,379 
4,358,899 
Additions(1) ........................................................................................
6,081,474
1,363,920
847,774 
Opening balance (TFRS 16)(2) ...........................................................
—
—
3,751
Sale of a subsidiary............................................................................
—
—
—
Disposals (-), net................................................................................
433,118
409,075
125,461  
Reversal of impairment, net...............................................................
207,329
817
—
Impairment (-)....................................................................................
—
—
74
Depreciation (-)..................................................................................
828,051
595,735
542,330
Foreign exchange differences, net .....................................................
107,980 
59,850 
11,820 
Book value at the end of the period................................................
10,109,770 
4,974,156 
4,554,379 
Cost at the end of the period ..............................................................
13,532,391
7,852,494
7,129,411 
Accumulated depreciation at the period end (-).................................
3,422,621
2,878,338
2,575,032 
____________ 
(1) 
As of 30 June 2022, the Group has revalued its land and buildings, which resulted in an increase of  TL 3,748,858 reflected 
under “Additions”.  
(2) 
The Group has adopted “TFRS 16 - Leases” as of January 1, 2019. Opening balance includes branch and ATM leases 
accounted within the scope of TFRS 16. 
The Group owns or leases premises for its head office, branches and operations centres. As of 30 September 
2023, the Group’s fixed assets (comprising land, land improvements, buildings, computer hardware and other 
fixed assets) had a total net book value of TL 11,604,726 thousand (U.S.$423,891 thousand), or 0.69% of the 
Bank’s total assets, as compared to TL 10,109,770 thousand (U.S.$540,679 thousand), or 0.85% of the Bank’s 
total assets as of 31 December 2022, as compared to TL 4,974,156 thousand (U.S.$383,291 thousand), or 
0.64% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2021, as compared to TL 4,554,379 thousand 
(U.S.$620,445 thousand), or 0.94% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2020. The Group owns its 
headquarters buildings in Istanbul and its operations centre in Gebze. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank 
owned approximately 18% of its branches and the rest were leased. 
The Group decided to change its accounting policy on valuation of buildings to fair value accounting in 
accordance with TAS 16 as of 31 March 2015. Based on valuation reports of expert companies, authorised by 
CMB and BRSA, the Group realised a positive fair valuation difference as other comprehensive income 
amounting to TL 6,515,757 thousand, net of tax, as of 30 September 2023, compared to TL 4,912,389 
thousand, net of tax as of 31 December 2022, compared to TL 1,877,188 thousand, net of tax as of 31 
December 2021, compared to TL 1,875,000 thousand, net of tax as of 31 December 2020. The Group has 
adopted “TFRS 16 - Leases” as of January 1, 2019. The Group has applied the simplified transition approach 
and elected not to restate comparative figures. In accordance with “TFRS 16 - Leases”, the Group calculates 
“right-of-use” amount using the present value of the lease payments of fixed asset at the beginning of the 
leasing period and recognizes under “property and equipment”. Unpaid leasing payments are calculated at 
their net present value and recognized under “lease payables” in liabilities. Lease payments are discounted 
using related borrowing rates. Fixed assets that are subject to leasing is amortised on the basis of leasing 
period. Interest expense related to lease payables is classified under “interest on lease payables” under 
“interest expense” and exchange rate changes are classified under “foreign exchange gains/losses”. Leasing 
payments are deducted from lease payables. 
Intangible Assets

--- Page 185 ---
166 
 
 
The following table sets out the Group’s goodwill and other intangible assets: 
As of 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Balance at the beginning of the period.....................
2,121,208
2,003,526 
1,920,824 
Additions during the period .........................................
478,433
332,266
281,992
Unused and disposed items (-).....................................
1,397
2,629
323
Sale of a subsidiary......................................................
—
—
—
Transfers......................................................................
—
—
(3,751)
Impairment reversal.....................................................
—
—
—
Amortisation expenses (-)............................................
286,579
241,931
202,907
Foreign exchange valuation differences, net................
27,815 
29,976 
7,691 
Balance at the end of the period ...............................
1,359,987 
2,121,208 
2,003,526 
Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment, or more frequently when there are indications that impairment 
may have occurred. There was no impairment to goodwill identified as of 30 September 2023 and as of 31 
December 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
Sources of Funding 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s major sources of funds for its lending and investment activities were 
deposits (accounting for 75.53% of total funding), funds borrowed (accounting for 12.23% of total funding), 
money markets (accounting for 5.67% of total funding), and marketable securities issued (accounting for 
5.57% of total funding). 
The following table sets out the Group’s sources of funding as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
% 
2022 
% 
2021 
% 
2020 
% 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Deposits...........................
1,006,914,430  
75.53 
705,495,439  
75.97 
419,928,058 
66.68
264,410,268 
68.06
Funds borrowed including 
subordinated loans ......
176,376,905  
13.23 
133,504,630  
14.38 
112,363,963 
17.84
69,079,747 
17.78
Money markets ................
75,596,191  
5.67 
40,295,030  
4.34 
55,886,473 
8.87
30,360,664 
7.82
Marketable securities issued 
(net) ............................
74,270,801  
5.57 
49,350,808  
5.31 
41,577,011  
6.60 
24,628,361  
6.34 
Total................................
1,333,158,3
27  
100.00 
928,645,907  
100.00 
629,755,505  
100.00 
264,410,268  
100.00 
 
The availability of such funds is influenced by factors such as prevailing interest rates, market conditions and 
the level of competition prevailing. 
Deposits 
Deposits consist of customer demand and time deposits. Customer current accounts generally bear no interest 
and can be withdrawn upon demand. For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of 
account offered by the Group. Deposits from customers comprise local deposits, foreign currency deposits, 
savings, and commercial deposits. 
During the nine months ended 30 September 2023, deposit growth was mainly driven by growth in Turkish 
Lira-denominated deposits which was also supported by the conversion from FX deposits to deposits 
benefitting from the Turkish government’s FX-protected deposit scheme. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Foreign Exchange Legislation”. The following tables set out the maturity structure of the 
Group’s deposits/collected funds:

--- Page 186 ---
167 
 
 
As of 30 September 2023 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits.....................
68,568,300 
12,277,552 
263,149,349 
18,798,140 
14,540,663 
1,082,155 
206
378,416,365 
Foreign currency deposits ......
250,759,405 
45,488,273 
42,461,981 
9,031,124 
9,398,497 
10,001,995 
— 
367,141,275 
Residents in Türkiye ..............
226,956,866 
38,211,144 
34,836,357 
6,514,641 
3,209,301 
806,503 
— 
310,534,812 
Residents abroad .................... 
23,802,539 
7,277,129 
7,625,624 
2,516,483 
6,189,196 
9,195,492 
— 
56,606,463 
Public sector deposits.............
5,863,045 
2,939,510 
192,397 
7,159 
—
— 
— 
9,002,111 
Commercial deposits..............
47,785,186 
20,332,907 
86,626,610 
6,643,063 
6,338,495 
378,511 
— 
168,104,772 
Other institutions deposits......
640,704 
740,940 
4,525,734 
308,713 
742 
157 
— 
6,216,990 
Precious metals vault ............. 
52,167,118 
— 
1,875,883 
— 
992,341 
166,986 
— 
55,202,328 
Bank deposits.........................
1,259,889 
4,643,309 
7,100,928 
4,070,885
5,403,840 
351,738 
— 
22,830,589 
The CBRT .............................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Domestic banks......................
15,786 
4,360,908 
1,140,461 
4,070,885
5,403,840 
351,738 
— 
15,343,618 
Foreign banks ........................
830,184 
282,401 
5,960,467 
— 
— 
— 
— 
7,073,052 
Participation banks.................
413,919 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
413,919 
Other......................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total......................................
427,043,647
86,422,491
405,932,882
38,859,084
36,674,578
11,981,542
206
1,006,914,430
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits.....................
48,659,040  
5,628,551  
147,023,414  
7,064,785  
735,023  
4,350,934  
472  
213,462,219  
Foreign currency deposits ......
160,693,649  
41,185,234  
64,999,846  
5,990,576  
4,360,361  
7,116,769  
— 
284,346,435  
Residents in Türkiye ..............
146,810,112  
33,935,416  
62,220,315  
4,783,271  
1,932,781  
1,135,962  
— 
250,817,857  
Residents abroad....................
13,883,537  
7,249,818  
2,779,531  
1,207,305  
2,427,580  
5,980,807  
— 
33,528,578  
Public sector deposits.............
1,073,991  
1,812,672  
106,067  
3,730  
— 
— 
— 
2,996,460  
Commercial deposits..............
42,934,974  
28,267,542  
63,925,448  
13,448,552  
109,747  
7,225,835  
— 
155,912,098  
Other institutions deposits......
340,198  
606,623  
3,278,473  
414,220  
722  
13,487  
— 
4,653,723  
Precious metals vault .............
31,226,726  
— 
1,125,635  
— 
1,152,310  
132,437  
— 
33,637,108  
Bank deposits.........................
1,325,315  
2,286,606  
1,710,701  
3,042,361  
1,955,815  
166,598  
— 
10,487,396  
The CBRT .............................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Domestic banks......................
4,348  
2,154,596  
887,874  
3,042,361  
1,955,815  
166,598  
— 
8,211,592  
Foreign banks ........................
561,811  
132,010  
822,827  
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,516,648  
Participation banks.................
759,156  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
759,156  
Other......................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ...................................... 
286,253,893  
79,787,228  
282,169,584  
29,964,224  
8,313,978  
19,006,060  
472  
705,495,439  
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Demand 
With 
7 days 
notifications 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits .............
22,116,407 
—
4,200,415
47,951,379 
912,374
217,581 
481,799 
688
75,880,643 
Foreign currency deposits  
118,653,305  
— 
30,876,917  
82,217,111  
9,630,737 
4,662,277  
4,634,886  
— 
250,675,233  
Residents in Türkiye.......
108,343,972 
—
28,245,189
77,745,954 
8,826,800
1,853,900 
1,097,109 
—
226,112,924 
Residents abroad .............  
10,309,333  
— 
2,631,728 
4,471,157  
803,937 
2,808,377  
3,537,777  
— 
24,562,309  
Public sector deposits .....
1,832,847 
—
9,106
38,455 
21,947
131 
41 
—
1,902,527 
Commercial deposits ......  
14,035,320  
— 
19,744,903  
25,198,224  
117,320  
696,524  
27,873  
— 
59,820,164  
Other institutions deposits
 .................................  
201,166  
— 
237,363  
1,728,377  
24,270  
67,643  
255,287  
— 
2,514,106  
Precious metals vault......
20,180,484 
—
—
416,447 
—
1,332,472 
68,645 
—
21,998,048 
Bank deposits .................  
1,783,052  
— 
2,626,143  
488,047  
1,228,300 
924,793  
87,002  
— 
7,137,337  
The CBRT......................
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Domestic banks ..............  
7,055  
— 
2,579,646  
472,761  
1,228,300  
924,793 
87,002  
— 
5,299,557  
Foreign banks.................
784,602 
—
46,497
15,286 
—
—
—
—
846,385 
Participation banks .........  
991,395  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
991,395  
Other ..............................  
—  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ..............................
178,802,581 
— 
57,694,847 
158,038,040  
11,934,948 
7,901,421 
5,555,533 
688 
419,928,058 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
Demand 
With 
7 days 
notifications 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits .............  
14,237,372  
— 
2,605,660  
41,602,168  
647,673  
225,879  
218,330  
1,080 
59,538,162  
Foreign currency deposits
54,875,571 
—
12,727,199 
58,143,255 
6,454,711 
4,712,059 
4,355,664 
—
141,268,459 
Residents in Türkiye .......  
49,397,161 
— 
12,044,422  
55,651,121  
5,933,125  
3,620,984  
— 
— 
127,752,348 
Residents abroad.............
5,478,410
—
682,777 
2,492,134 
521,586 
1,091,075 
—
—
13,516,111 
Public sector deposits .....  
1,235,151 
— 
10,448  
10,547  
31  
535  
— 
— 
1,257,378  
Commercial deposits ......
10,962,714
—
12,167,413 
17,044,488 
37,237 
13,804 
—
—
40,308,298
Other institutions deposits
.................................
158,217
—
111,850 
1,522,255 
2,974 
580,958 
—
—
2,377,014 
Precious metals vault ......  
12,941,904 
— 
— 
— 
252  
1,528,913  
— 
— 
14,577,695  
Bank deposits .................
620,351
—
3,083,347 
886,592 
405,881 
87,091 
—
—
5,083,262
The CBRT ......................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Domestic banks ..............
7,822
—
3,068,232 
815,619 
405,881 
87,091 
—
—
4,384,645 
Foreign banks .................  
331,944 
— 
15,115  
70,973  
— 
— 
— 
— 
418,032 
Participation banks .........
280,585
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
280,585 
Other ..............................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ..............................  
95,031,280 
— 
30,705,917  
119,209,305  
7,548,759  
7,149,239  
4,764,688  
1,080 
264,410,268

--- Page 187 ---
168 
 
 
The following table sets out the currency basis analysis of the deposits (including interest expense accruals for 
all deposits) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
TL.....................................................
577,823,934 
385,622,097 
145,690,033 
108,173,940 
U.S.$ ................................................
198,119,302 
171,290,340 
155,677,058 
85,428,228 
€ .......................................................
160,270,746 
106,190,294 
90,644,105 
53,231,479 
Other ................................................
70,700,448 
42,392,708 
27,916,862 
17,576,621 
Total ................................................
1,006,914,430 
705,495,439 
419,928,058 
264,410,268 
Funds Borrowed 
The following table sets out the Group’s borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
TL
FC
TL
FC
TL
FC
TL
FC
The Central Bank borrowings ...............
—
— 
—
—
—
—
— 
— 
From domestic banks and institutions ...
11,595,600
9,581,843
10,069,627
7,015,365
4,860,180  
6,250,190  
3,966,493  
3,727,598  
From foreign banks, institutions and 
funds .................................................
1,015,502  113,521,918 
949,471 
76,081,935 
748,055  
61,063,539  
112,035  
38,618,567  
Total..................................................... 12,611,102 123,103,761 
11,019,098 
83,097,300  
5,608,235 
67,313,729 
4,078,528 
42,346,165 
 
On 27 November 2023, the Bank issued U.S.$300 million 9.250% Sustainable Notes due 2028, to be 
consolidated and form a single series with its U.S.$500 million 9.250% Sustainable Notes due 2028 issued on 
13 September 2023. 
On 2 November 2023, the Bank entered into a syndicated loan agreement with 39 financial institutions from 
22 countries for syndicated loans in two tranches, one in U.S. dollar and one in EUR, totalling the equivalent 
of approximately U.S.$755 million, each with a 367-day maturity. The U.S. dollar and EUR tranches are for 
U.S.$359 million and EUR 372.5 million, respectively, with a total cost of SOFR+3.50% and Euribor+3.25%, 
respectively. 
On 13 October 2023, the Bank executed future flow transactions with two different investors under its 
diversified payment rights (“DPR”) programme for U.S.$175 million with five year maturities. 
On 27 September 2023, the Bank executed future flow and treasury financing transactions with six different 
investors under its DPR programme for U.S.$714.4 million and EUR 100 million, respectively, with 
maturities varying between five to eight years.  
On 13 September 2023, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 9.250% Sustainable Notes due 2028. The interest 
on the notes will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 11 August 2023, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development (“EBRD”) for up to U.S.$108 million. The facility will be used to support 
businesses and individuals in the regions affected by the earthquakes in southern Türkiye and Syria on 6 
February 2023. 
On 31 May 2023, the Bank entered into a syndicated loan agreement with 35 financial institutions from 21 
countries for syndicated loans in two tranches, one in U.S. dollar and one in EUR, totalling the equivalent of 
approximately U.S.$580 million, each with a 367-day maturity. The U.S. dollar and EUR tranches are for 
U.S.$201.5 million and EUR 353.4 million, respectively, with a total cost of SOFR+4.25% and 
Euribor+4.00%, respectively. 
On 4 July 2022, the Bank signed two loan agreements totalling U.S.$90 million. Both loans were provided 
through the Turkish Development and Investment Bank (“TKYB”). The first, in the amount of U.S.$30 
million with a maturity of 2 years, was from the Asian Infrastructure and Investment Bank, to finance the 
infrastructure and related sectors affected by COVID-19. The second, in the amount of U.S.$60 million with a 
maturity of 5 years, was from the World Bank and with the support of the TKYB is to help finance companies 
affected by COVID-19 through the “Emergency Company Support Project” programme.

--- Page 188 ---
169 
 
 
On 22 April 2022, the Bank executed a six year future flow under its DPR programme for EUR 126.7 million 
together with treasury financing transactions. For more information regarding the DPR programme see “—
Marketable Securities Issued”. 
On 20 December 2021, the Bank executed future flow and treasury financing transactions with six different 
investors under its DPR programme for U.S.$445 million and EUR 100 million, respectively, with maturities 
varying between five to eight years. 
On 6 July 2021, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with European Fund for Southeast Europe for 
EUR 25 million with a maturity of 6 years. The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to support farmers, 
micro and small businesses within the scope of agricultural enterprises. 
On 25 June 2021, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with Green for Growth Fund for EUR 15 
million with a maturity of 6 years. The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to finance loans for energy 
efficiency and renewable energy projects. 
On 20 January 2021, the Bank issued Tier 2 notes with a nominal amount of U.S$500 million with a maturity 
of 10 years and annual rate of 7.875%. Interest will be paid semi-annually in arrear and the Bank has a call 
option at the end of fifth year. 
On 21 January 2020, the Bank issued a private placement Green Bond for U.S.$50 million with a maturity 
around 5 years. 
On 20 December 2019, the Bank issued TL 400,000,000 Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2024. 
In October 2019, the Bank issued Tier 2 notes totalling TL 300 million to investors in Türkiye.  
On 2 July 2019, the Bank priced a floating–rate Tier-2 issuance to qualified investors, with a coupon rate of 
3M TRLIBOR + 100 bps (6.3647% for the first coupon payment on 2 October 2019) with a transaction size of 
TL500m and an initial maturity of 10 years, callable at the end of the 5th year.  
On 15 March 2019, the Bank issued TL 400,000,000 Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2024. 
On 14 March 2019, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 8.25% senior notes due 2024. The interest on the notes 
will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 25 February 2019, three new tranches were issued from the DPR programme and the total proceeds 
amount U.S.$711.6 million, with two series having a final maturity of six years and one series with a eight 
year final maturity. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of three commercial banks. 
On 16 January 2019, the Bank partially repaid U.S.$200 million of the subordinated loan of the total U.S.$470 
million granted by UniCredit Bank Austria AG on 18 December 2013 with a maturity of 10 years, which was 
structured in accordance with the features specified in the Article 8 of the BRSA Regulation on the Equity of 
Banks, and repayable by the debtor after 5 years from the issuance. The paid amount has been realised as 
U.S.$190 million principal and plus accrued interest in accordance with the valuation report prepared under 
CMB regulations. 
On 15 January 2019, the Bank issued AT1 notes with a nominal amount of U.S.$650 million in compliance 
with the features specified in the Article 7 of the BRSA Equity Regulation entitled “Additional Tier 1”. These 
debt instruments are eligible to be included in the Additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank, with no specified 
maturity, having the early redemption every five years after issuance subject to BRSA approval and with an 
annual rate of 13.875% for the first five years having coupon payments every 6 months. If the core Tier 1 ratio 
falls below 5.125%, it may be subject to temporary value reduction. These debt instruments will be traded on 
the Ireland Stock Exchange. Out of the total issuance, U.S.$400 million nominal amount was purchased by 
Koç Holding A.Ş. and UniCredit S.p.A. in equal amounts, and these purchased amounts were committed not 
to be sold for 180 days. UniCredit S.p.A. sold such notes following the lapse of the 180-day period. 
On 20 December 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$75 million notes under its DPR programme with a maturity of 
six years. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of one commercial bank.

--- Page 189 ---
170 
 
 
On 19 July 2018, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with Proparco for EUR 25 million with a 
maturity of 10 years. The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to finance loans for energy efficiency and 
renewable energy projects. 
On 27 February 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$100 million notes under its DPR programme with a maturity of 
seven years. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of one commercial bank.  
On 20 February 2018, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with the EBRD for U.S.$15 million 
with a maturity of 15 years. The facility will be used to finance mortgages, green mortgages and residential 
resource efficiency projects in Türkiye. 
On 5 February 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$115 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme with a 
maturity of ten years. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of one commercial bank.  
On 21 December 2017, the Bank issued seven new tranches under its DPR securitisation programme with 
total proceeds of EUR 140 million and U.S.$285 million, of which six tranches had a maturity of five years 
and one tranche had a seven year maturity. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of 
seven different commercial banks. 
On 21 October 2016, the Bank established a new financing programme which will enable the Bank to issue 
mortgage covered bonds outside of Türkiye, up to EUR 1 billion or its equivalent in other currencies or 
Turkish Lira in various formats and maturities (the “Mortgage Backed Covered Bond Programme”).  
On 21 June 2017, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 5.85% senior notes due 2024. The interest on the notes 
will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 14 July 2015, the Bank issued U.S.$575.12 million notes under its DPR programme, with maturities 
between 5 to 12 years. 
On 10 March 2015, the Bank issued U.S.$416 million notes under its DPR programme, with maturities 
between 5 to 10 years. 
On 2 October 2014, the Bank issued U.S.$550 million notes under its DPR programme, with a maturity of 
20 years. 
On 26 July 2013, five new tranches were issued from the DPR programme and the total proceeds amount to 
EUR 115 million and U.S.$355 million, with four series having a final maturity of five years and one series 
with a 13 year final maturity. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of four 
commercial banks and one supranational. 
The following table sets out the maturity structure of the Group’s borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
Short term ...................
10,782,675 
29,809,562 
9,608,706 
21,306,245 
4,037,994 
12,305,909 
4,071,043 
10,847,747 
Medium and Long term
1,828,427  
93,294,199  
1,410,392  
61,791,055  
1,570,241  
55,007,820  
7,485  
31,498,418  
Total...........................
12,611,102  
123,103,761  
11,019,098  
83,097,300  
5,608,235  
67,313,729  
4,078,528  
42,346,165  
 
The Group has entered into a number of Turkish Lira and foreign currency financings with banks and other 
financial institutions, which have an average maturity of 12 months. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group had funds borrowed of TL 135,714,863 thousand.

--- Page 190 ---
171 
 
 
Marketable Securities Issued 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s marketable securities issued as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
(TL, thousands)
Bills .......................................
8,207,683 
5,919,058 
11,280,086 
2,031,595 
7,168,860
—
4,295,582
—
Asset backed securities .......... 
— 
10,391,797  
— 
4,940,364  
— 
5,998,334 
— 
3,511,774  
Bonds.....................................
402,929  
49,349,334  
665,581  
30,433,182  
1,396,623 
27,013,194 
1,610,481 
15,210,524  
Total...................................... 
8,610,612  
65,660,189  
11,945,667  
37,405,141  
8,565,483 
33,011,528 
5,906,063 
18,722,298 
The Bank maintains programmes registered with the CMB under which it may issue bonds in the domestic 
market in local currency.   
In November 2022, the Bank renewed with the CMB its programme to issue domestic bonds up an aggregate 
amount of TL 35 billion. From November 2022 through September 2023, the Bank issued an aggregate 
amount of TL 22,222 million in such domestic bonds under this programme and, as of September 2023, the 
Bank’s total outstanding local currency bonds under this programme were TL 6,838 million. Bonds issued 
under this programme have no restrictions on early redemption at the investors’ request or by repurchasing the 
bonds in the secondary market. In December 2023 the Bank renewed the programme’s registration with the 
CMB to issue domestic bonds up to an aggregate amount of TL 50 billion for an additional year. 
Additionally, the Bank maintains a programme registered with the CMB to issue up to TL 5 billion in 
subordinated domestic bonds and under this programme the Bank issued TL 500 million and TL 300 million 
of 10-year subordinated bonds in July 2019 and October 2019, respectively. The subordinated bonds issued 
under this programme qualify as Tier 2 captial under the Basel III framework. 
Guarantees and Warranties 
The Group enters into certain financial instruments with off balance sheet risk in the normal course of 
business in order to meet the needs of its customers. These instruments, which include letters of guarantee, 
bank acceptances, import letters of acceptance and other commitments and liabilities, involve varying degrees 
of credit risk and are not reflected in the balance sheet. As of 30 September 2023, the Group had issued letters 
of credit amounting to TL 47,786,108 thousand (U.S.$1,745,503 thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to 
TL 268,971,319 thousand (U.S.$9,824,826 thousand) and bank acceptances amounting to TL 1,772,732 
thousand (U.S.$64,753 thousand), compared to letters of credit amounting to TL 33,199,803 thousand 
(U.S.$1,775,552 thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to TL 181,372,704 thousand (U.S.$9,699,957 
thousand) and bank acceptances amounting to TL 864,879 thousand (U.S.$46,254 thousand) as of 31 
December 2022, compared to letters of credit amounting to TL 26,319,956 thousand (U.S.$2,028,122 
thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to TL 118,969,622 thousand (U.S.$9,167,376 thousand) and bank 
acceptances amounting to TL 545,822 thousand (U.S.$42,059 thousand) as of 31 December 2021 and letters 
of credit amounting to TL 9,340,321 thousand (U.S.$1,272,437 thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to 
TL 81,314,767 thousand (U.S.$11,077,552 thousand) and bank acceptances amounting to TL 238,025 
thousand (U.S.$32,426 thousand) as of 31 December 2020. Maximum exposure to credit losses for letters of 
guarantee, bank acceptances and letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of these 
transactions. Since many of the guarantees and warranties are expected to expire without being drawn upon, 
the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The ratio of non cash commitments 
to total loans (cash and non cash loans) was 36.87% as of 31 December 2022 compared to 37.83% as of 31 
December 2021 and 26.4% as of 31 December 2020. 
 
The following table sets out certain details on guarantees and warrantees on a consolidated basis as of the 
dates indicated:

--- Page 191 ---
172 
 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Letters of guarantee..........................................
268,971,319 
181,372,704 
118,969,622 
81,314,767
Bank acceptances.............................................
1,772,732 
864,879 
545,822 
238,025
Letters of credit................................................
47,786,108 
33,199,803 
26,319,956 
9,340,321
Prefinancing given as guarantee.......................
—
—
—
—
Endorsement ....................................................
—
—
—
—
Other guarantees ..............................................
23,628,842 
20,320,132 
8,353,998 
5,095,378 
Other warrantees..............................................
8,009,624  
8,030,133  
6,718,058  
4,886,914  
Total guarantees and warrantees..................
350,168,625  
243,787,651  
160,917,107  
100,875,405 
As of 30 September 2023, the volume of letters of guarantee amounted to TL 268,971,319 thousand 
(U.S.$9,824,826 thousand), compared to TL 181,372,704 thousand (U.S.$9,699,957 thousand) as of 31 
December 2022, compared to TL 118,969,622 thousand (U.S.$9,167,376 thousand) as of 31 December 2021 
and TL 81,314,767 thousand (U.S.$11,077,552 thousand) as of 31 December 2020. The overall increase was 
mainly driven by the improvement in the international trade finance activities of the Bank. 
As of 30 September 2023, the volume of letters of credit amounted to TL 47,786,108 thousand 
(U.S.$1,745,503 thousand), compared to TL 33,199,803 thousand (U.S.$1,775,552 thousand) as of 31 
December 2022, compared to TL 26,319,956 thousand (U.S.$2,028,122 thousand) as of 31 December 2021 
and TL 9,340,321 thousand (U.S.$1,272,437 thousand) as of 31 December 2020. 
Contractual Obligations 
In the course of its business, the Group enters into various contractual arrangements that require it to make 
payments of various amounts over time. As a result of the relative short maturity of deposits in Türkiye 
generally, the Group uses these types of financings to extend the maturity of its funding sources. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group had outstanding syndicated loans of TL 29,111,734 thousand, compared 
to TL 24,146,185 thousand as of 31 December 2022, compared to TL 22,459,814 thousand as of 31 December 
2021 and TL 13,348,550 thousand as of 31 December 2020. In addition, the Group had subordinated debt 
amounting to TL 40,662,042 thousand as of 30 September 2023, compared to TL 39,388,232 thousand as of 
31 December 2022, compared to TL 39,441,999 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 22,655,054 
thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
Capital Adequacy 
Banks in Türkiye are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, which 
are based upon the standards established by the Bank of International Settlements (“BIS”). These guidelines 
require banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance 
sheet exposures. 
A bank’s capital adequacy ratio is calculated by taking the aggregate of its Tier 1 capital (which comprises 
paid in capital, retained earnings and profit (or loss, if any) for the current periods) and its Tier 2 capital 
(which comprises general and subordinated loans obtained) minus deductions (which comprise participations 
to financial institutions, negative differences between fair and book values of subsidiaries and goodwill), and 
dividing the result by risk-weighted assets, which reflect both credit risk, market risk and operational risk. In 
accordance with these guidelines, banks must maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of a minimum of 8%. By 
taking into account banks’ internal systems, assets and financial structure, the BRSA is authorised to 
(i) increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio, (ii) set different ratios for each bank, and (iii) revise the risk 
weighting of assets that are based upon participation accounts. If a bank’s capital adequacy ratio is below the 
ratio set by the BRSA, certain restrictions are imposed.

--- Page 192 ---
173 
 
 
The following table sets out information on the Group’s consolidated capital and its capital adequacy ratios as 
of 30 September 2023 and as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 all computed based upon BRSA 
guidelines under Basel I. 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Paid in Capital.................................................................
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
8,447,051
8,447,051
Retained Earnings ...........................................................
87,382,611 
42,548,922 
34,038,657
29,459,139
Profit ...............................................................................
50,342,158 
54,384,643 
12,129,712
6,719,472
Net Current Period Profit............................................
48,702,204 
52,744,689 
10,489,758
5,079,518
Prior Period Profit.......................................................
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
1,639,954
1,639,954
Tier 1 Capital (I) .............................................................
173,356,878 
131,779,241 
67,328,721
51,352,086
Tier 2 Capital (II) ............................................................
21,542,255
15,483,476
12,923,206
11,430,854
Deductions (III)...............................................................
99,517
63,481
76,825
42,199
Own Funds (I+II-III).......................................................
194,799,616
147,199,236
80,175,102
62,571,137
Risk Weighted Assets (including market risk) ................
978,176,980
734,986,439
452,409,578
362,826,562
Capital Ratios (%):
Tier 1 Capital/Risk Weighted Assets(1) .......................
17.72
17.93
14.88
14.15
Own Funds/Risk Weighted Assets(1)...........................
19.91
19.95
17.59
17.25
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratios as of 30 September 2023 without including Temporary Forbearances would be 15.83% and 17.79% for the Tier 1 
Capital / Risk Weighted Assets capital adequacy ratio and Own Funds/Risk Weighted Assets capital adequacy ratio, respectively. 
The Bank and its individually regulated operations were in compliance with all the above mentioned capital 
adequacy requirements throughout the above indicated periods. 
The Group’s total capital adequacy ratio under Basel II was 19.9% (or 17.8% without Temporary 
Forbearances) as of 30 September 2023, compared to 19.94% as of 31 December 2022, 17.6% as of 31 
December 2021 and 17.2% as of 31 December 2020. The Bank-only total capital adequacy ratio was 21.1% 
(or 19.1% without Temporary Forbearances) as of 30 September 2023, compared to 21.34% as of 31 
December 2022, 18.7% as of 31 December 2021 and 18.2% as of 31 December 2020.  
In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements. As a result, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, Turkish banks are subject to Basel III capital adequacy requirements regarding 
regulatory capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements.  
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA published certain amendments to the Equity Regulation and the Regulation 
regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks and the 
2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation, all of which entered into force on 31 March 2016. On 20 January 2016, 
the BRSA also introduced certain amendments to existing regulations with a view to continuing its efforts to 
adopt Basel III requirements. These amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016, except for the 
amendments relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios which entered into force on 
20 January 2016. The amendments relate to equity requirements, liquidity coverage ratios, internal systems 
and internal capital adequacy ratios, capital adequacy requirements, risk assessment models and calculation of 
market risk, credit risk calculations, credit risk mitigation methods, risk management disclosures and financial 
statement disclosures. Lastly, on 22 June 2016, the BRSA introduced an amendment to the Equity Regulation 
to change the items taken into account in equity calculation with an enforcement date of 1 January 2017, and 
also published a draft Communiqué on Principles for Debt Instruments to be Included in Equity Calculations 
by Banks to introduce certain rules in relation to conversion and write-down of debt instruments to be 
included in additional Tier I or Tier II capital. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking 
Industry— The Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in 
the past and may in the future change rapidly” above and “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Capital 
Adequacy” in the Base Prospectus. The BRSA Decision on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer amended the 
countercyclical capital buffer for Turkish bank’s exposures in Türkiye. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to 
the Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the 
Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors 
impacting the Turkish banking sector”. 
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation introducing a methodology for assessing the 
degree to which banks are systemically important in the domestic market. The contemplated methodology 
requires the identification of the Turkish D-SIBs under four different categories based on their previous year-
end consolidated financial statements, and requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1 to 3% of

--- Page 193 ---
174 
 
 
additional core capital (ilave çekirdek sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets. This additional core capital 
requirement that came into effect on 31 March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below. 
Groups 
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
2016 
2017 
2018 
from 1 January 
2019 
4th group (empty)......................................................................
0.75
1.5
2.25
3
3rd group...................................................................................
0.5
1
1.5
2
2nd group..................................................................................
0.375
0.75
1.125
1.5
1st group ...................................................................................
0.25
0.5
0.75
1
The Bank has been classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios for the years ended 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020, and was classified into the second group for the year ended 31 December 
2019. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Sector—The profitability and profitability 
growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of 
regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector” and “—Significant Factors 
Affecting Results of Operations—Turkish Economy”. 
Capital erosion remains a risk for the banking industry if the Turkish Lira were to face further depreciation 
pressures and Turkish Lira bonds were to suffer a significant sell-off. Management currently estimates that a 
10% depreciation of the Turkish Lira would result in a negative impact of approximately 46 bps on the 
Group’s CET1, approximately 35 bps on the Group’s Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, and approximately 30 bps 
on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio, excluding any affect of the Temporary Forbearances. The impact of 
further depreciation beyond 10% is estimated to have a diminishing negative impact on the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio. 
On 28 April 2022, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable to commercial cash loans provided after 1 
May 2022 from a range of 20-150%, to 200%; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to 
SMEs, financial institutions and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries, and (b) export and 
investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Group’s accounting policies used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the BRSA 
are integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition presented in the Annual BRSA 
Financial Statements and the notes thereto. The Group’s significant accounting policies are described in 
Section three of the Annual BRSA Financial Statements. The preparation of these financial statements 
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and 
liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. On an on-going basis, 
management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to allowance for losses, 
investments, income taxes, financing operations and contingencies, litigation and arbitration. Management 
bases its estimates and judgment upon historical experience and various other factors that it considers to be 
reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or 
conditions. 
Management believes that the following significant accounting policies require critical judgments or estimates 
or involve a degree of complexity in application that affects the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Explanations on interest income and expense 
Interest income and expenses are recognised in the income statement on an accrual basis periodically by the 
effective interest method.  
As per Uniform Chart of Accounts (“UCA”), retrospective rediscount calculation and foreign exchange 
evaluation are performed for NPLs, and accrued interest and rediscounts on loans are accounted under loan 
accrual/rediscount accounts when such loan is transferred to NPL accounts. The Bank ceases accruing interest 
after NPL classification. Instead, the interest amount representing the time value of future collections is 
recognized under interest income instead of provision expense.

--- Page 194 ---
175 
 
 
Explanations on fee and commission income and expenses 
Fees and commissions received as a result of the service agreements or arising from negotiating or 
participating in the negotiation of a transaction on behalf of a third party are recognized either in the period 
when the transaction is realised or deferred based on the type of the underlying transaction. Other commission 
income and fees from various banking services are recorded as income at the time of realization. 
Except for fees and commissions that are integral part of the effective interest rates of financial instruments 
measured at amortized costs, the fees and commissions are accounted for in accordance with TFRS 15. 
Explanations on financial assets 
The Group applies TFRS 9 and classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories: 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss;  
 
Fair value through other comprehensive income; and 
 
Amortised cost. 
According to TFRS 9 classification of financial assets is based on two criteria; classification and measurement 
of financial assets depend on the business model of the financial asset and contractual cash flows representing 
solely payments of principal and interest of the financial asset. This evaluation incorporates whether there is 
any clause that may change timing or amount of contractual cash flows of the financial asset. 
 
Classification of financial assets reflects the business model of how the Group manages the assets in order to 
generate cash flows. The Bank’s business model may be to collect solely the contractual cash flows from the 
assets or to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from the sale of assets. If neither of 
these is applicable, then the financial assets are classified as part of ‘other’ business model and measured at 
fair value through profit or loss. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model for a 
group of assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were collected, how the asset’s 
performance is evaluated and reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and 
how managers are compensated. Securities held for trading are held principally for the purpose of selling in 
the near term or are part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are managed together and for which there 
is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking. These securities are classified in the ‘other’ 
business model and measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets, which are classified as “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”, are trading 
financial assets and are either acquired for generating profit from short-term fluctuations in the price or 
dealer’s margin, or are the financial assets included in a portfolio in which a pattern of short-term profit 
making exists independent from the acquisition purpose. 
 
Trading financial assets are initially recognized at fair value and are subsequently re-measured at their fair 
value. However, if fair values cannot be obtained from active market transactions, it is assumed that the fair 
value cannot be measured reliably and fair values are calculated by alternative models. All gains and losses 
arising from these valuations are recognized in the income statement. Interest earned while holding financial 
assets is reported as interest income and dividends received are included separately in dividend income. 
 
The principles regarding the accounting of derivative financial instruments are explained in detail in Note 4 to 
the Interim BRSA Financial Statements. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest, are measured at amortised cost. These financial assets are initially recognized at the 
total of acquisition and transaction cost. After their initial recognition they are carried at “amortised cost” 
using the “effective interest method”. 
Loans and receivables 
Loans are financial assets raised through lending without having the intention to trade in the short term. Loans 
are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities that are not

--- Page 195 ---
176 
 
 
quoted on an active market. Loans are recognised initially at cost including transaction costs (which reflect 
fair values) and subsequently carried at the amortised cost using the “effective interest method”. The expenses 
incurred for the assets received as collateral are not considered as transaction costs and are recognised in the 
expense accounts. 
Retail, commercial and corporate loans included in cash loans are accounted for with their original maturities 
in accounts which are mentioned in the UCA. Foreign currency indexed loans are initially measured at local 
currency accounts with the foreign exchange rate prevailing at date of the initial recognition and re-valued 
with the relevant foreign currency rates prevailing at the date of the financial statements. Increase or decrease 
in the value of the principal amount of the loan due to changes in foreign exchange rates is accounted in the 
related income and expense accounts. Repayment amounts are translated with the foreign exchange rates 
prevailing at the repayment dates, and the valuation differences are accounted for in foreign exchange 
gain/loss accounts. 
The Bank provides an expected loss provision based on the assessments and estimates of the management, by 
considering the “Communiqué Related to Principles and Procedures on Determining the Qualifications of 
Banks’ Loans and Other Receivables and the Provision for These Loans and Other Receivables” 
(“Provisioning Regulation”) published in the Official Gazette No. 29750 dated 22 June 2016. In this context, 
the management estimates are determined on the basis of the prudence principle, and the Bank’s credit risk 
policies considering the general structure of the loan portfolio, the financial conditions of the customers, 
non-financial information and the economic conjuncture. 
Provision expenses are deducted from the net income of the year. If there is a subsequent collection from a 
receivable that was already provisioned in previous years, the recovery amount is classified under “Other 
operating income”. Uncollectible receivables are written-off after all the legal procedures are finalised. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the 
assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, and that are not designated at fair value 
through profit or loss, are measured at fair value change reflected in the other comprehensive income 
statement. 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are subsequently re-measured at fair value. 
When fair values based on market prices cannot be obtained reliably, the financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income are carried at fair values determined by using alternative models. Equity 
instruments which are not quoted on a market and the fair values of which cannot be determined reliably, are 
carried at cost less any impairment. “Unrealised gains and losses” arising from changes in the fair value of 
financial assets classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised 
in the shareholders’ equity as “Other accumulated comprehensive income that will be reclassified in profit or 
loss”, until the related assets are impaired or disposed. When these financial assets are disposed or impaired, 
the related fair value differences accumulated in the shareholders’ equity are transferred to the income 
statement. Interest and dividends received from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are recorded in interest income and dividend income as appropriate. 
 
Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are calculated by 
effective interest rate method and are accounted for in interest income account. At the time of sale of an 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income before the maturity, the difference between 
the profit, which is the difference between the cost and sales price of the financial assets, and the interest 
income accrual are accounted under “Profit/losses from capital market transactions”. 
Explanations on impairment of financial assets 
The Bank assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instrument 
assets carried at amortised cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income and with the exposure 
arising from loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Group recognises a loss allowance for 
such losses at each reporting date. The measurement of expected credit losses reflects:

--- Page 196 ---
177 
 
 
 
An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible 
outcomes; 
 
The time value of money; and  
 
Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting 
date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance: 
 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost and at 
fair value through other comprehensive income is an area that requires the use of advanced models and 
significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour. 
 
These financial assets will be divided into three categories depending on the gradual increase in credit risk 
observed since their initial recognition. Impairment shall be recognised on outstanding amounts in each 
category, as follows: 
 
 
Stage 1:  
 
For financial assets at initial recognition or for those that do not have a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition. Impairment for credit risk will be recorded in the amount of 12-month 
expected credit losses. 
 
 
Stage 2:  
 
In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the financial asset will be 
transferred to this category. Impairment for credit risk will be determined on the basis of the 
instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
 
Stage 3: 
 
Stage 3 includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date. For 
these assets, lifetime expected credit losses are recognised and interest revenue is calculated on the net 
carrying amount. 
Explanations on obligations related to employee rights 
Employee termination benefits 
Obligations related to severance pay and vacation rights are accounted for in accordance with “Turkish 
Accounting Standard for Employee Rights” (“TAS 19”) and are classified under “Reserve for employee 
rights” account in the balance sheet. 
Under the Turkish Labour Law, the Group is required to pay a specific amount to the employees who have 
retired or whose employment is terminated other than for the reasons specified in the Turkish Labour Law. 
The reserve for severance pay represents the present value of the estimated total liability for the future 
probable obligation of the Group determined by using certain actuarial assumptions. Actuarial gains and 
losses generated after January 1, 2013, are accounted for under equity in accordance with the revised “TAS 
19- Employee Rights” standard. 
Pension rights 
The Bank’s personnel are members of the Yapı ve Kredi Bankasi Anonim Sirketi Mensuplari Yardim ve 
Emekli Sandiği Vakfi (the “Fund”) which was established in accordance with the 20th temporary article of 
the Social Security Law No. 506. The technical financial statements of the Fund are audited in accordance 
with the Article 38 of the Insurance Supervision Law and the Regulation Regarding the Actuaries” by a 
registered independent actuary.

--- Page 197 ---
178 
 
 
Temporary article 23 paragraph one of the Banking Act published in the Official Gazette No 25983 dated 
1 November 2005 stated that foundations like the Fund are to be transferred to the SSI within three years 
beginning from the publication date of the article. 
The article of the Law related to the transfer was cancelled (pursuant to the application by the President on 
2 November 2005) by the decision of the Constitutional Court (decision no: E.2005/39, K. 2007/33 dated 
22 March 2007) published in the Official Gazette No. 26479 dated 31 March 2007, and the effect of the law 
article was suspended from the date of the publication of the decision. 
The reasoning of the Constitutional Court regarding the abrogation of the corresponding article was published 
in the Official Gazette dated 15 December 2007, No 26372. With the publication of the reasoning of the 
decision, the Grand National Assembly of Türkiye (“GNAT”) started to work on new legal arrangements 
regarding the transfer of the fund members to SSI and the related articles of the “Law Regarding the Changes 
in Social Insurance and General Health Insurance Law and Other Related Laws and Regulations” No 5754 
(the “New Law”) regulating the transfer or the funds were approved by the GNAT on 17 April 2008. The 
New Law was published in the Official Gazette No. 26870 dated 8 May 2008. With the New Law, the banks’ 
pension funds will be transferred to SSI within three years from the date of publication of the decree and this 
period can be extended for a maximum of two years with the decision of the Council of Ministers. The 
transfer period was extended for another two years with the decision of the Council of Ministers 
No. 2011/1559 published in the Official Gazette dated 9 April 2011. According to the “Amendment of Social 
Insurance and General Health Insurance Law No. 6283” published in the Official Gazette dated 8 March 2012, 
Council of Ministers was authorised to increase the two-year extension period mentioned above to four years. 
According to the decision of the Council of Ministers dated 24 February 2014, the transfer date was set at 
May 2015. The Council of Ministers was authorised to determine the transfer date of pension funds in 
accordance with the last amendment of provisional article 20, paragraph one of Law No.5510, implemented 
by Law No. 6645 on Amendment of the Occupational Health and Safety Law and Other Laws and Decree 
Laws published in the Official Gazette No. 29335 dated 23 April, 2015. The President was authorised to 
determine the transfer date of pension funds in accordance with the last amendment by the Law No. 30473 
published in the Official Gazette dated July 9, 2018. 
A commission is in charge of the calculation of the value of the payment that would need to be made to SSI to 
settle the obligation using a technical interest rate of 9.8% by law taking into consideration income and 
expenses by insurance branches of the funds and the excess of salaries and income paid by the funds over the 
salaries and income to be paid in accordance with the SSI arrangements which should not be less than SSI 
arrangements, related to the members of the Fund as of the date of the transfer including the members who 
have left the scheme.  
In accordance with the New Law, after the transfer to SSI, any social rights and payments to Fund members 
and their beneficiaries which are not provided although they are included in the Fund Title Deed will continue 
to be provided by the Fund and the employers of the Fund members. 
The Bank accounts for a provision for the technical deficit based on the report prepared by a registered actuary 
in accordance with the rates determined by the New Law. 
Defined contribution plans 
The Bank is required to pay certain contributions to the SSI on behalf of their employees. Other than these 
payments the Group does not have any further obligation in this respect. Such premiums are charged to 
personnel expenses when incurred. 
Short term benefits of employee 
In accordance with TAS 19, the Group measures the expected costs of accumulated paid leave as expected 
payments it will make due to unused leave rights as at the end of the reporting date. 
Critical Accounting Estimates 
The Group makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities within 
the next financial year. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on management’s 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under

--- Page 198 ---
179 
 
 
the circumstances. Management also makes certain judgments, apart from those involving estimations, in the 
process of applying the accounting policies. These disclosures supplement the commentary significant 
accounting policies and financial risk management. Judgments, other than those involving estimations, that 
have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements include: 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows, where those cash flows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest, are measured at amortised cost. These financial assets are initially recognised at the 
sum of acquisition and transaction cost. After their initial recognition they are carried at “amortised cost” 
using the “effective interest method”. 
Finance leases and derecognition of financial assets 
Management applies judgment to determine if substantially all of the significant risks and rewards of 
ownership of financial assets and lease assets are transferred to counterparties, in particular which risks and 
rewards are the most significant and what constitutes substantially all risks and rewards. 
Special purpose entities 
Judgment is also required to determine whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and a 
special purpose entity indicates that the special purpose entity is controlled by the Group. 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimating uncertainty at the reporting 
date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below. 
Impairment of available-for-sale equity investments 
The Group reviews its debt securities classified as available-for-sale investments at each statement of financial 
position, in order to assess whether they are impaired. This requires similar judgment as applied to the 
individual assessment of loans and receivables. 
The Group determines that available-for-sale equity investments are impaired when there has been a 
significant or prolonged decline in the fair value below its cost. The determination of what is significant or 
prolonged requires judgment. In making this judgment the Group evaluates, among other factors, the volatility 
in share price and the duration and extent to which the fair value of an investment is less than its cost. In 
addition, objective evidence of impairment may be deterioration in the financial health of the investee, 
industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational or financing cash flows. Had all the 
declines in fair value below cost been considered significant or prolonged, the Group would not suffer any 
additional loss, being the transfer of the total debt balance in the fair value reserve to profit or loss. 
Impairment losses on loans and receivables 
TFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” standard, issued by the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards 
Authority and published in the Official Gazette No. 29953 dated January 19, 2017, replaced TAS 39 Financial 
Instruments: recognition and measurement, for the classification and measurement of financial instruments. 
The new requirements became effective as of 1 January 2018.  
 
TFRS 9 standard sets out the new principles for the classification and measurement of financial instruments, 
for impairment for credit risk on financial assets and for general hedge accounting. It is expected that all 
requirements of TAS 39 will be maintained for hedge accounting. 
 
Fair value of derivatives 
Where valuation techniques (for example, models) are used to determine fair values, they are validated and 
periodically reviewed. To the extent practical, models use only observable data, however areas such as credit 
risk (both own and counterparty), volatilities and correlations require management to make estimates. 
Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect reported fair values. Changing the assumptions not

--- Page 199 ---
180 
 
 
supported by observable market data to a reasonably possible alternative would not result in a significantly 
different profit, income, total assets or total liabilities. 
Tax legislation 
Turkish tax, currency and customs legislation is subject to varying interpretations as disclosed in Section 
three, Note XVII to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017. 
Pension Fund 
The Group determines the present value of funded benefit obligations in accordance with the New Law by 
using several critical actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate, mortality rate, and medical costs as 
disclosed in Section three, Note XVI to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 
31 December 2017. This approach recognises the obligations of the Group to make payments to the SSI in 
respect of the benefits which will be transferred to the SSI rather than an obligation to make benefit payments 
to individuals. 
Deferred income tax asset recognition 
Deferred income tax assets are recorded to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefit is probable. The 
future taxable profits and the amount of tax benefits that are probable in the future are based on a 
medium-term business plan prepared by management and extrapolated results thereafter. The business plan is 
based on management expectations that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Goodwill 
Recoverable amount of goodwill was estimated based on value in use calculation as disclosed in Section three, 
Note XII to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017.

--- Page 200 ---
181 
 
 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Except as specifically noted herein, the information presented in this section is derived from the BRSA 
Financial Statements (and the notes thereto). This section should be read in conjunction with the BRSA 
Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as with “Presentation of 
Financial and Other Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations”. 
All financial information presented in this Base Prospectus is presented in accordance with BRSA Principles 
unless expressed to the contrary. 
Some of the information included in this section of the Prospectus is not extracted from the Bank’s audited 
financial statements and is unaudited. Such information is derived from the Bank’s internal accounting and 
management information systems (“MIS”) in accordance with the BRSA principles. 
Average Balance Sheet Information and Information on Interest Rates 
The following tables set forth the average consolidated balances of the Group’s interest earning assets and 
interest bearing liabilities, the interest generated from such assets and liabilities and average return rate at each 
date presented. For purposes of the following tables, except as otherwise indicated, the average is calculated 
on a daily basis for each representative period and is based on consolidated figures derived from the Group’s 
internal accounting and MIS in accordance with BRSA Principles. 
For the year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Assets 
Banks.........................
39,845,017
1,586,633 
8.55
25,445,166 
560,608 
4.41
21,848,881 
632,948
5.79
Loans and receivables
661,218,031 
69,141,269 
25.02
380,787,137 
37,589,124 
19.74
289,932,491 
25,718,793
17.74
Marketable securities .
249,568,643 
58,125,296 
60.95
105,345,763 
13,207,832 
25.08
67,943,748 
7,150,575
21.05
Liabilities 
Deposits.....................
705,495,439 
32,831,617 
11.67
342,169,163 
15,475,065 
9.05
247,740,983 
8,900,429
7.19
Money markets ..........
40,295,030 
5,096,328 
21.19
43,123,569 
6,608,620 
30.65
18,334,776 
1,472,260
16.06
Other funds borrowed
143,467,206 
14,001,017 
21.71
92,776,015 
8,054,934 
17.36
 
70,823,870 
 
6,009,905
 
16.97
____________ 
(1) 
Average balances are calculated based on the beginning and ending balances over the relevant period. 
 
Average Interest Earning Assets, Yields, Margins and Spreads 
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio comprises of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Trading securities are acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them 
in the near term or to form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and 
for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit taking. 
The size of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio increased by 54.49% to TL 385,558,733 thousand 
(U.S.$14,083,463 thousand) as of 30 September 2023, compared to TL 249,568,643 thousand (U.S.$ 
13,347,130 thousand) as of 31 December 2022, which in turn represented an increase of 83.23% compared to 
TL 131,885,976 thousand (U.S.$10,162,664 thousand) as of 31 December 2021, which represented an 
increase of 67.36% compared to TL 78,805,549 thousand (U.S.$10,735,720 thousand) as of 31 December 
2020. The increase for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 was mainly driven by the accumulation of 
TL fixed rated Turkish government bonds and accruals (i.e., accrued interest resulting from link to CPI, 
payable upon redemption) in the Bank’s CPI-linked Turkish government bond portfolio and foreign currency 
denominated fixed rate Turkish government bonds. The increase for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021 were each driven by growth in the CPI-linked bond portfolios. The increase for the year ended and 31 
December 2020 also was driven by growth in the CPI-linked bond portfolios.  
In line with the risk management policies of the Group, 71.75% of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio 
comprised financial assets measured at amortised cost as of 30 September 2023, compared to 75.34% as of 31

--- Page 201 ---
182 
 
 
December 2022, 71.87% as of 31 December 2021 and 79.10% as of 31 December 2020. The following table 
sets out an analysis of the composition of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio as of the dates indicated:  
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through profit or loss(1) .................
1,994,481 
2,270,895
801,654
676,765
Net financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income...........................................................................................
93,609,232 
78,471,491
34,979,510
25,100,560
Net financial assets measured at amortised cost(2)............................
289,955,020 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
53,028,224 
Total marketable securities portfolio............................................
385,558,733 
249,568,643 
131,885,976 
78,805,549 
___________ 
 
(1) 
Includes “Government debt securities” (TL 365,229 thousand, TL 206,645 thousand and TL 276,714 thousand as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 
2020, respectively) and “Share certificates” (TL 1,485,674 thousand, TL 305,324 thousand and TL 238,703 thousand as of 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020.  
 
(2) 
Includes “Held to maturity investments (net)” (TL 168,826,257 thousand, TL 96,286,812 thousand and TL 53,028,224 thousand as of 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
The interest rates on the Group’s Turkish Lira and foreign currency denominated securities ranged between 
36.15% to 37.65% and from 4.12% to 1.91%, respectively, for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 
compared to 48.68% to 53.69% and from 2.62% to 7.56%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 
2022, 15.57% to 15.92% and from 2.71% to 6.27%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 
15.59% to 15.92% and from 1.74% to 6.42%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss assets include Government bonds and treasury bills, i.e., 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds, derivatives and also equity 
securities that are either listed or unlisted. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of such assets of the Group as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Government debt securities..................................
503,141 
365,229 
206,645
276,714
Share certificates..................................................
410,869 
1,485,674 
305,324
238,703
Derivative financial assets held for trading (1) ......
—
—
—
—
Other financial assets...........................................
1,080,471 
 
419,992  
289,685 
161,348 
Financial assets where fair value change is 
reflected to other comprehensive income 
statement.........................................................
1,994,481 
2,270,895 
801,654 
676,765 
____________ 
As of 30 September 2023, the size of the Group’s portfolio decreased (in TL terms) by 12.17% to TL 
1,994,418 thousand (U.S.$72,853 thousand) from TL 2,270,895 thousand (U.S.$121,449 thousand) as of 31 
December 2022, itself a 183.28% increase from TL 801,654 thousand (U.S.$49,479 thousand) as of 31 
December 2021, which reflected an increase of 18.45% increase from TL 676,765 thousand (U.S.$92,196 
thousand) as of 31 December 2020. This increase in the Group’s portfolio was driven by the depreciation in 
Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar as well as the adoption of TFRS 9 classification. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are financial assets that are not held for 
trading purposes, nor intended by the Group to be held-to-maturity. The portfolio of such assets consists of 
Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are discounted and coupon securities issued by the 
Turkish Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds incorporated in Türkiye, CLNs, other bonds issued by 
domestic and foreign financial institutions and also equity securities that are either listed or unlisted.

--- Page 202 ---
183 
 
 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the portfolio of such assets of the Group as of the 
dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022
2021
2020
(TL, thousands)
Debt securities ......................................................
99,844,889
79,553,354 
35,457,562
25,203,852
Quoted on stock exchange.................................
97,854,157 
77,776,653 
35,457,562
25,203,852
Not quoted(1)......................................................
1,990,732 
1,776,701 
—
—
Share certificates..................................................
241,070 
139,910 
136,511
133,715
Quoted on stock exchange.................................
3,892 
2,667 
1,851
286
Not quoted.........................................................
237,178 
137,243 
134,660
133,429
Impairment provision (-)(1) ..................................
6,476,727
1,221,773 
796,563
237,007
Other(2)..................................................................
—
—
—
—
Total financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .....................................
93,609,232 
78,471,491 
34,797,510 
25,100,560 
____________ 
(1) 
The figure includes the negative differences between the cost and the market price of the securities and the impairment provisions, if any. 
(2) 
Other includes mutual funds. 
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed 
maturity that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. These include certain debt investments. 
The Group cannot classify any financial asset as held-to-maturity if it has, during the current financial year or 
during the two preceding financial years, sold or transferred financial assets measured at amortised cost before 
maturity. 
The portfolio of the Group consists of Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are purchased at 
discount and coupon securities issued by the Turkish Treasury and foreign government bonds. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Government bonds........................................................................
278,863,309
163,629,166
91,916,790
50,961,025
Treasury bills ................................................................................
—
—
—
—
Other debt securities .....................................................................
11,091,711 
5,197,091 
4,370,022 
2,067,199 
Total Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost................
289,955,020 
168,826,257 
96,286,812 
53,028,224 
 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased by 75.34% to TL 168,826,257 
thousand (U.S.$9,028,963 thousand) from TL 96,286,812 thousand (U.S.$5,738,579 thousand) as of 31 
December 2021. 
Maturities of Securities 
The following tables set out the remaining maturities of the Group’s securities based upon the original term to 
maturity (showing lifetime cash flows, which as a result are greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the 
dates indicated: 
As of 30 September 2023
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss.................................................
454,759 
21,783 
172,480 
308,880 
1,036,579 
1,994,481 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................
5,764,474 
8,635,349 
38,649,182 
40,363,569 
196,658 
93,609,232 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost...............................................................
1,967,857 
16,991,974 
165,328,493 
105,666,696 
—
289,955,020

--- Page 203 ---
184 
 
 
As of 31 December 2022
Demand 
and up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss.................................................
37,453 
20,156 
127,463 
212,054 
1,873,769 
2,270,895 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................
656,339 
10,007,510 
36,774,190 
30,857,630 
175,822 
78,471,491 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost...............................................................
934,816 
7,598,035 
69,400,548 
90,892,858 
—
168,826,257 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss.................................................
7,667 
5,683 
58,396 
139,374 
590,534 
801,654 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................
4,733,743 
5,445,059 
16,332,619 
8,195,014 
91,075 
34,797,510 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost...............................................................
1,479,925 
1,876,932 
34,554,885 
58,375,070 
—
96,286,812 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss.................................................
1,240 
737 
60,955 
212,848 
400,985 
676,765 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................
1,307,470 
2,601,380 
17,401,938 
3,701,494 
88,278 
25,100,560 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost...............................................................
206,052 
1,259,035 
24,793,095 
26,770,042 
—
53,028,224 
 
 
Currency breakdown of marketable securities portfolio 
The following table sets out the currencies of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 September 2023
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total 
Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss.................................................
1,078,742 
48,225 
—
1,126,967 
867,514 
1,994,481 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................
27,273,435 
184,267 
1,151,593 
28,609,295 
64,999,937 
93,609,232 
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost ..............................................
91,809,901 
16,285,603 
—
108,095,504 
181,859,516 
289,955,020 
 
As of 31 December 2022
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss.................................................
714,743 
38,583 
—
753,326 
1,517,569 
2,270,895 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................
15,193,758 
1,868,486 
930,357
17,992,601 
60,478,890 
78,471,491 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost...............................................................
62,553,614 
9,824,178 
—
72,377,792 
96,448,465 
168,826,257 
 
As of 31 December 2021
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)

--- Page 204 ---
185 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss.................................................
433,339 
31,478 
—   
464,817 
336,837 
801,654 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income........................
5,535,496 
1,382,415 
103,095 
7,021,006 
27,776,504 
34,797,510 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost...............................................................
40,843,583 
7,340,637 
—
48,184,220 
48,102,592 
96,286,812 
 
As of 31 December 2020
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss..................................................
314,531 
17,112 
—
331,643 
345,122 
676,765 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income.........................
4,147,660 
1,003,171 
105,328
5,256,159 
19,844,401 
25,100,560 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost................................................................
20,122,651 
2,004,356 
—
22,127,007 
30,901,217 
53,028,224 
 
Loan Portfolio 
Loans and receivables represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As of 30 September 2023, total 
loans and receivables amounted to TL 825,713,341 thousand (U.S.$30,161,171 thousand), which represented 
49.20% of the Group’s total assets compared to TL 624,189,513 thousand (U.S.$33,382,153 thousand), as of 
31 December 2022, which represented 52.71% of the Group’s total assets compared to TL 413,658,293 
thousand (U.S.$31,875,037 thousand) as of 31 December 2021, which represented 55.6% of the Group’s total 
assets at that time and 65.2% of total assets as of 31 December 2020. The Group’s net loans and receivables 
increased by 48.80% from 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2022.  
The Group provides financing for various purposes, the majority of which are corporate loans and loans to 
SMEs. However, as demand for longer term financing from existing customers and other high quality 
corporate credits increases, the Group expects the maturity profile of its portfolio to increase further. 
Distribution of Loans and Receivables by Sector 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s performing loan portfolio comprised mainly the following segments: 
Turkish Lira company loans (28%), foreign currency company loans (32%), commercial instalment loans 
(7%), credit cards (21%), general purpose consumer loans (15%) and mortgages (2%). Foreign currency 
project finance loans make up 38% of the foreign currency loans (with a contraction of 23% year-over-year). 
As part of its ongoing lending strategy, the Group intends to focus on smaller loans including in the retail 
segment and selected Turkish Lira loans. Lending to individuals through consumer loans (including credit 
cards) rose by 43% year to date, to TL 150,217,560 thousand as of 30 September 2023, mainly as a 
continuation of its lending strategy of small tickets, compared to TL 222,398,694 thousand as of 31 December 
2022, TL 122,087,480 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 84,144,895 thousand as of 31 December 
2020. 
The following table sets out the Group’s performing retail and corporate loans by category as of the dates 
indicated in line with the Annual BRSA Financial Statements, including watch list customers:

--- Page 205 ---
186 
 
 
As of 30 
Sepember 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Individual loans
Housing..............................................................................................
17,456,760 
13,847,534 
13,991,806
11,213,004
Credit cards........................................................................................
143,489,631 
79,162,199 
35,714,549 
24,291,240
Auto ...................................................................................................
13,299,489 
8,246,884 
2,003,643 
1,519,194
Other..................................................................................................
119,461,311 
90,268,142 
55,093,620 
37,495,835 
Total individual loans ......................................................................
293,707,191 
191,524,759 
106,803,618 
74,519,273 
Loans to companies (including SMEs)...............................................
574,017,325 
469,693,272 
337,558,901 
242,692,482 
Total loans to companies..................................................................
574,017,325 
469,693,272 
337,558,901 
242,692,482 
Total ..................................................................................................
867,724,516 
661,218,031 
444,362,519 
317,211,755 
The Bank expects that its primary growth opportunities in its retail segment will be in general purpose loans as 
well as loans to SMEs, which are presently underpenetrated markets in Türkiye compared to Western Europe 
and U.S. markets. The credit card market is also expected to continue to be a focus area for the Bank, although 
with lower growth as it is a well-developed and relatively more penetrated market. 
Composition by Maturity and Interest Rate 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the maturity profile of the Group’s loan portfolio 
(including NPLs) based upon the original term to maturity (showing lifetime cash flows, which as a result are 
greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
Unclassified .......................................................................................
(13,698,615)
(14,762,220)
(10,244,006)
(5,137,509)
Up to 3 months...................................................................................
341,133,634 
223,372,691 
103,005,594 
70,478,213
3 months to 1 year..............................................................................
248,390,664 
203,001,194 
135,476,094 
89,629,671
1 year to 5 years.................................................................................
188,216,072 
168,756,509 
145,504,596 
110,460,045
Over 5 years.......................................................................................
61,671,586 
43,821,339 
40,143,887 
27,040,567 
Total loans ........................................................................................
825,713,341 
624,189,513 
413,886,165 
292,470,987 
 
Composition of Loan Portfolio by Currency 
As of 30 September 2023, foreign currency denominated loans amounted to TL 261,877,995 thousand 
(U.S.$9,565,725 thousand), or 31.79% of total loans (of which U.S. dollar obligations were the most 
significant portion), compared to TL 199,145,834 thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 182,886,606 
thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 175,033,589 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
The following table sets out an analysis of the composition of the Group’s cash loan portfolio by currency as 
of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
TL ......................................................................................................
563,835,346 
425,043,679 
230,999,559 
175,033,589
U.S.$..................................................................................................
128,243,534 
95,032,005 
84,751,387 
53,979,353
Euro ...................................................................................................
120,877,286 
96,274,085 
93,347,684 
60,830,568
Other..................................................................................................
12,757,175  
7,839,744 
4,787,535 
2,627,477 
Total..................................................................................................
825,713,341  
624,189,513 
413,886,165 
292,470,987 
 
Foreign currency loans include foreign exchange indexed loans amounting to TL 136,074 thousand as of 30 
September 2023, which have been disclosed as Turkish Lira-denominated loans in the BRSA Financial 
Statements (TL 166,285 thousand as of 31 December 2022).

--- Page 206 ---
187 
 
 
Comparison by Loan Classification and Allowances 
The following tables set out a comparison of the Group’s loan portfolio by loan classification and allowances 
as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 2022 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Standard loans..........................
318,915,497
104,081,716 
103,407,456 
19,281,878 
11,805,900 
557,492,447 
Watch list.................................
65,208,722 
8,280,844 
6,628,678 
765,372 
575,670 
81,459,286 
Loans under legal follow-up....
15,598,722 
4,661,054 
1,405,721 
500,903 
99,898 
22,266,298 
Specific provisions (-)..............
10,587,775
4,284,070
1,281,113
367,751
72,096
16,592,805
Total........................................
389,135,166
112,739,544
110,160,742
20,180,402 
12,409,372 
644,625,226 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Standard loans..........................
224,138,811
65,257,787 
47,538,407
14,112,911 
5,194,863 
356,242,779 
Watch list.................................
56,923,062 
5,831,282 
3,460,004 
887,476 
785,568 
67,887,392 
Loans under legal follow-up....
15,187,325 
3,025,919 
1,443,364 
437,941 
137,799 
20,232,348 
Specific provisions (-)..............
10,127,194 
2,622,507 
1,272,640 
343,226
113,574 
14,479,141 
Total........................................
286,122,004
71,492,481 
51,169,135
15,095,102
6,004,656
429,883,378
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Standard loans..........................
156,218,793 
47,227,668 
31,673,592 
9,641,699 
4,726,202 
249,487,954 
Watch list.................................
41,458,785 
3,000,365 
2,243,270 
900,722 
517,400 
48,120,542 
Loans under legal follow-up....
16,278,186 
1,602,002 
1,167,237 
429,437 
126,397 
19,603,259 
Specific provisions (-)..............
10,683,360 
1,413,621 
1,124,999 
330,542 
104,555 
13,657,077 
Total........................................
203,272,404
50,416,414
33,959,100
10,641,316
5,265,444
303,554,678
Fair value of collateral 
Collateral mainly comprises the following: cash funds, deposits, mortgages of real estate at the land registry 
and mortgages of real estate built on allocated land, export documents, guarantees, and acceptances and 
pledges on vehicles. The following tables show the fair value of collateral under the Group’s watch listed and 
loans under legal follow-up as of the dates indicated: 
As of 31 December 2022 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Watch list............................................
42,650,060 
199,734 
11 
765,372 
-
43,615,177 
Loans under legal follow-up(1).............
4,847,433 
177,922 
 - 
500,903 
 - 
5,526,258 
Total ...................................................
47,497,493 
377,656 
11 
1,266,275 
 - 
49,141,435

--- Page 207 ---
188 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Watch list............................................
34,645,654 
313,989 
—
887,476 
—
35,847,119 
Loans under legal follow-up(1).............
5,717,111 
197,269 
23 
437,941 
— 
6,352,344 
Total ...................................................
40,362,765 
511,258 
23 
1,325,417 
— 
42,199,463 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Watch list............................................
29,080,101 
322,291 
—
900,722 
—
30,303,114 
Loans under legal follow-up(1).............
5,864,474 
212,377 
— 
429,437 
— 
6,506,288 
Total ...................................................
34,944,575 
534,668 
— 
1,330,159 
— 
36,809,402 
____________ 
(1) 
Fair values of collaterals received for non-performing loans are calculated by using hair-cuts over their nominal values in accordance with the 
“Regulation of Procedures for Determination of Qualifications of Loans and Other Receivables by Banks and Provisions to be set aside”. 
Risk 
A description of the Group’s risk management policies is set out in “Risk Management”. The Group uses an 
internal rating model for the evaluation of credit risk management of its corporate and commercial clients, 
classifying them on a scale of 17 grades. The following table shows the Bank’s rating tool concentration by 
risk classes as of the dates indicated: 
Rating 
Class(1) 
Concentration level (%) 
As of 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Above average ...............................................................................................................
1 — 4
43.6
36.6
59.2
Average..........................................................................................................................
5+ — 6
40.7
45.9
34.8
Below average................................................................................................................
7+— 9
15.7
17.5
6.0
____________ 
(1) 
For corporate and commercial clients only. 
Scoring models are also used throughout the granting (underwriting) and monitoring (“RiskMon”) processes 
for consumer loans and the credit card segment. These models are developed and updated in accordance with 
changes in customer behaviour. The development of a new application scorecard to evaluate SME customers 
is still in progress. The new model is expected to categorise clients into 23 rating classes.  
The Group conducted two NPL sales totalling TL 1,756 million in the nine months ended 30 September 2023, 
two totalling TL 1,672 million in 2022, none in 2021 and TL 453.8 million in 2020. See “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Loans and Receivables—Non-
Performing Loan Sales”. 
Sources of Funding 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s major sources of funds for its lending and investment activities were 
deposits (accounting for 75.53% of total funding) and, to a lesser extent, funds borrowed (accounting for 
13.23% of total funding), and marketable securities issued (net) (accounting for 5.57% of total funding). 
The following table sets out the Group’s sources of funding as of the dates indicated:

--- Page 208 ---
189 
 
 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
% 
2022 
% 
2021 
% 
2020 
% 
 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Deposits .......................  
1,006,914,430  
75.53 
705,495,439  
75.97 
419,928,058  
66.68 
264,410,268  
68.06 
Funds borrowed 
including subordinated 
loans ............................  
176,376,905  
13.23 
133,504,630  
14.38 
112,363,963  
17.84 
69,079,747  
17.78 
Money markets ............  
75,596,191  
5.67 
40,295,030  
4.34 
55,886,473  
8.87 
30,360,664  
7.82 
Marketable securities 
issued (net) ..............  
74,270,801  
5.57 
49,350,808  
5.31 
41,577,011  
6.60 
24,628,361  
6.34 
Total ............................  
1,333,158,327  
100.00 
928,645,907  
100.00 
629,755,505  
100.00 
388,479,040 
100.00 
 
The availability of such funds is influenced by factors such as prevailing interest rates, market conditions and 
the existing level of competition. 
Deposits 
Deposits consist of customer demand and time deposits. Customer current accounts generally bear no interest 
and can be withdrawn upon demand. For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of 
accounts offered by the Group. Deposits comprise local deposits, foreign currency deposits, savings, and 
commercial deposits. Deposit growth in the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to 31 December 2021 
was mainly driven by growth in Turkish Lira-denominated deposits and nominal increases in foreign currency 
deposits due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. 
The following tables set out the maturity structure of the Group’s deposits/collected funds (in Turkish Lira, 
thousands): 
As of 30 September 2023 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits...............
68,568,300 
12,277,552 
263,149,349 
18,798,140 
14,540,663 
1,082,155 
206 
378,416,365 
Foreign currency deposits.
250,759,405 
45,488,273 
42,461,981 
9,031,124 
9,398,497 
10,001,995 
—
367,141,275 
Residents in Türkiye.........
226,956,866 
38,211,144 
34,836,357 
6,514,641 
3,209,301 
806,503 
—
310,534,812 
Residents abroad ..............
23,802,539 
7,277,129 
7,625,624 
2,516,483 
6,189,196 
9,195,492 
—
56,606,463 
Public sector deposits .......
5,863,045 
2,939,510 
192,397 
7,159 
—
—
—
9,002,111 
Commercial deposits ........
47,785,186 
20,332,907 
86,626,610 
6,643,063 
6,338,495 
378,511 
—
168,104,772 
Other institutions deposits
640,704 
740,940 
4,525,734 
308,713 
742 
157 
—
6,216,990 
Precious metals vault........
52,167,118 
—
1,875,883 
—
992,341 
166,986 
—
55,202,328 
Bank deposits ...................
1,259,889 
4,643,309 
7,100,928 
4,070,885 
5,403,840 
351,738 
—
22,830,589 
The CBRT ........................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
— 
Domestic banks ................  
15,786 
4,360,908 
1,140,461 
4,070,885 
5,403,840 
351,738 
—
15,343,618 
Foreign banks ...................  
830,184 
282,401 
5,960,467 
—
—
—
—
7,073,052 
Participation banks ...........  
413,919 
—
—
—
—
—
—
413,919 
Other ................................
— 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total ................................  
427,043,647
86,422,491
405,932,882
38,859,084
36,674,578
11,981,542
206
1,006,914,430
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits...............
48,659,040 
5,628,551 
147,023,414 
7,064,785 
735,023 
4,350,934 
472 
213,462,219 
Foreign currency deposits.
160,693,649 
41,185,234 
64,999,846 
5,990,576 
4,360,361 
7,116,769 
—
284,346,435 
Residents in Türkiye.........
146,810,112 
33,935,416 
62,220,315 
4,783,271 
1,932,781 
1,135,962 
—
250,817,857 
Residents abroad ..............
13,883,537 
7,249,818 
2,779,531 
1,207,305 
2,427,580 
5,980,807 
—
33,528,578 
Public sector deposits .......
1,073,991 
1,812,672 
106,067 
3,730 
—
—
—
2,996,460 
Commercial deposits ........
42,934,974 
28,267,542 
63,925,448 
13,448,552 
109,747 
7,225,835 
—
155,912,098 
Other institutions deposits  
340,198  
606,623  
3,278,473  
414,220  
722  
13,487  
— 
4,653,723  
Precious metals vault ........  
31,226,726 
—
1,125,635 
—
1,152,310 
132,437 
—
33,637,108 
Bank deposits ...................  
1,325,315 
2,286,606 
1,710,701 
3,042,361 
1,955,815 
166,598 
—
10,487,396 
The CBRT ........................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Domestic banks ................
4,348 
2,154,596 
887,874 
3,042,361 
1,955,815 
166,598 
—
8,211,592 
Foreign banks...................
561,811 
132,010 
822,827 
—
—
—
—
1,516,648 
Participation banks ...........
759,156 
—
—
—
—
—
—
759,156 
Other ................................  
—  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
 -  
Total ................................
286,253,893  
79,787,228  
282,169,584  
29,964,224  
8,313,978  
19,006,060  
472  
705,495,439

--- Page 209 ---
190 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits...............
22,116,407 
4,200,415 
47,951,379 
912,374 
217,581 
481,799 
688 
75,880,643 
Foreign currency deposits.
118,653,305 
30,876,917 
82,217,111 
9,630,737 
4,662,277 
4,634,886 
—
250,675,233 
Residents in Türkiye.........
108,343,972 
28,245,189 
77,745,954 
8,826,800 
1,853,900 
1,097,109 
—
226,112,924 
Residents abroad ..............
10,309,333 
2,631,728 
4,471,157 
803,937 
2,808,377 
3,537,777 
—
24,562,309 
Public sector deposits .......
1,832,847 
9,106 
38,455 
21,947 
131 
41 
—
1,902,527 
Commercial deposits ........
14,035,320 
19,744,903 
25,198,224 
117,320 
696,524 
27,873 
—
59,820,164 
Other institutions deposits  
201,166  
237,363  
1,728,377  
24,270  
67,643  
255,287  
— 
2,514,106  
Precious metals vault ........  
20,180,484 
—
416,447 
—
1,332,472 
68,645 
—
21,998,048 
Bank deposits ...................  
1,783,052 
2,626,143 
488,047 
1,228,300 
924,793 
87,002 
—
7,137,337 
The CBRT........................
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Domestic banks ................
7,055 
2,579,646 
472,761 
1,228,300 
924,793 
87,002 
—
5,299,557 
Foreign banks...................
784,602 
46,497 
15,286 
—
—
—
—
846,385 
Participation banks ...........
991,395 
—
—
—
—
—
—
991,395 
Other ................................  
—  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................  
178,802,581 
57,694,847  
158,038,040  
11,934,948  
7,901,421  
5,555,533  
688  
419,928,058  
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits...............
14,237,372 
2,605,660 
41,602,168 
647,673 
225,879 
218,330 
1,080
59,538,162 
Foreign currency deposits.
54,875,571 
12,727,199 
58,143,255 
6,454,711 
4,712,059 
4,355,664 
—
141,268,459 
Residents in Türkiye.........
49,397,161 
12,044,422 
55,651,121 
5,933,125 
3,620,984 
1,105,535 
—
127,752,348 
Residents abroad ..............
5,478,410 
682,777 
2,492,134 
521,586 
1,091,075 
3,250,129 
—
13,516,111 
Public sector deposits .......
1,235,151 
10,448 
10,547 
31 
535 
666 
—
1,257,378 
Commercial deposits ........
10,962,714 
12,167,413 
17,044,488 
37,237 
13,804 
82,642 
—
40,308,298
Other institutions deposits
158,217 
111,850 
1,522,255 
2,974 
580,958 
760 
—
2,377,014 
Precious metals vault........
12,941,904 
—
—
252 
1,528,913 
106,626 
—
14,577,695 
Bank deposits ...................
620,351
3,083,347 
886,592 
405,881 
87,091 
—
—
5,083,262
The CBRT ........................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Domestic banks ................  
7,822 
3,068,232 
815,619 
405,881 
87,091 
—
—
4,384,645 
Foreign banks ...................  
331,944
15,115 
70,973 
—
—
—
—
418,032
Participation banks ...........
280,585 
—
—
—
—
—
—
280,585 
Other ................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................
95,031,280 
30,705,917  
119,209,305  
7,548,759  
7,149,239  
4,764,688  
1,080 
264,410,268 
 
As of 30 September 2023, the weighted average interest rate on Turkish Lira-denominated time deposit 
accounts offered by the Group to customers was 17.96%, while the interest rate paid on both euro and U.S. 
dollar denominated time deposits was 0.54% and 0.61%, respectively. 
The following table sets out the currency basis analysis of the deposits/collected funds (including interest 
expense accruals for all deposits) as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(TL, thousands)
TL ...........................................................................................
577,823,934 
385,622,097 
145,690,033 
108,173,940 
U.S.$.......................................................................................
198,119,302 
171,290,340 
155,677,058 
85,428,228 
Euro ........................................................................................
160,270,746 
106,190,294 
90,644,105 
53,231,479 
Other.......................................................................................
70,700,448 
42,392,708 
27,916,862 
17,576,621  
Total.......................................................................................
1,006,914,430 
705,495,439 
419,928,058 
264,410,268 
 
Other Borrowed Funds 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s other borrowed funds as of the dates indicated: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
TL
FC
TL
FC
TL
FC
TL
FC
Central Bank...........................
—
—
—
—
—
—
From domestic banks and 
institutions ..........................
11,595,600 
9,581,843 
10,069,627 
7,015,365 
4,860,180 
6,250,190 
3,966,493 
3,727,598 
From foreign banks, 
institutions and funds..............
1,015,502  
113,521,918  
949,471  
76,081,935  
748,055  
61,063,539  
112,035  
38,618,567  
Total.......................................
12,611,102  
123,103,761  
11,019,098  
83,097,300  
5,608,235  
67,313,729  
4,078,528  
42,346,165

--- Page 210 ---
191 
 
 
 
The following table sets out the maturity profile of the Group’s borrowings over expected cash flows 
(showing lifetime cash flows, which as a result are greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
TL
FC
TL
FC
TL
FC
TL
FC
Short-term...........................
10,782,675 
29,809,562 
9,608,706 
21,306,245 
4,037,994 
12,305,909 
4,071,043 
10,847,747 
Medium and Long-term......
1,828,427 
93,294,199 
1,410,392 
61,791,055 
1,570,241  
55,007,820  
7,485  
31,498,418  
Total...................................  
12,611,102 
123,103,761 
11,019,098 
83,097,300 
5,608,235  
67,313,729  
4,078,528  
42,346,165  
The Group has entered into a number of Turkish Lira/Turkish Lira and foreign currency financings with banks 
and other financial institutions, which have an average maturity of 12 months. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group had borrowings of TL 135,714,863 thousand. 
Debt Securities in Issue 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s marketable securities issued net as of the dates 
indicated: 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
(TL, thousands)
Bills....................................
8,207,683 
5,919,058 
11,280,086 
2,031,595 
7,168,860
—
4,295,582
—
Asset backed securities.......
—
10,391,797 
—
4,940,364 
—
5,998,334
—
3,511,774 
Bonds .................................
402,929 
49,349,334  
665,581 
30,433,182  
1,396,623 
27,013,194 
1,610,481 
15,210,524 
Total...................................  
8,610,612 
65,660,189  
11,945,667 
37,405,141  
8,565,483 
33,011,528 
5,906,063 
18,722,298 
 
Derivatives 
The Group also enters into interest rate and foreign exchange swap and future contracts, which are agreements 
to hedge its interest rate and foreign currency exposure risk. The following tables set out certain information 
on consolidated options, futures and swaps as of the dates indicated, prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023
2022
2021
2020
Types of derivative transactions
Foreign currency related derivative transactions ...
503,484,314
419,094,074 
233,459,862
164,450,102
FC trading forward transactions..............................
41,271,387 
30,739,505 
26,393,227 
16,119,910
Trading swap transactions.......................................
446,171,148 
279,037,373 
196,878,663 
138,304,781 
Futures transactions.................................................
12,799,535 
2,520,247 
1,135,020 
414,267 
Trading option transactions.....................................
3,242,244 
106,796,949 
9,052,952 
9,611,144  
Interest related derivative transactions....................
458,676,653 
249,210,542 
236,085,173 
147,553,561  
Forward interest transactions...................................
—
—
—
—
Interest rate swaps...................................................
443,496,868 
244,236,022 
231,543,920 
142,948,898 
Interest rate options.................................................
15,179,785 
4,974,520 
4,541,253 
4,604,663 
Interest rate futures..................................................
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other trading derivative transactions......................
199,159,195 
97,258,538 
86,902,870 
39,503,746  
Total trading derivative transactions.......................
1,161,320,162 
765,563,154 
556,447,905 
351,507,409  
Types of hedging derivative transactions
—
—
—
—
Transactions for fair value hedge.................................
4,422,245 
5,017,677 
3,503,800 
4,746,534 
Cash flow hedges.........................................................
84,332,936 
117,782,458 
110,955,171 
91,306,804 
Transactions for foreign net investment hedge ............
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total hedging related derivatives .............................
88,755,181 
122,800,135 
114,458,971 
96,053,338  
Total derivative transactions ....................................
1,250,075,343 
888,363,289 
670,906,876 
447,560,747

--- Page 211 ---
192 
 
 
BUSINESS OF THE BANK 
Overview 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Türkiye. It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking 
Law and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 
September 2023, the Bank was the fourth largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets and ranked fourth 
among private banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) 
with a 15.5% market share among private banks and an 7.6% market share in the overall banking sector 
(compared with a market share of 8.2% as of 31 December 2022, 8.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 8.1% as 
of 31 December 2020), and fourth among private banks in total deposits with a 14.4% market share (compared 
with a market share of 15.1% as of 31 December 2022, 14.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 14.2% as of 31 
December 2020). As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had 796 branches covering all regions of Türkiye 
(which includes one branch in Bahrain). It maintains market leading positions in key segments and products 
supported by its strong franchise, large network and leading brand. The Group is organised into three 
segments: (i) retail banking, (ii) corporate and commercial banking and (iii) private banking and wealth 
management. The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries. The 
Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank held a 13% market share in credit card outstanding volume according to 
the BRSA statistics. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank also had strong positions in mutual funds (with a 
9.2% market share), and non-cash loans (among private banks the Bank held a 19.5% market share, as of 30 
September 2023, according to the BRSA statistics). 
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking. In line with the Bank’s small-ticket focused strategy, the 
shares of retail loans (including of SMEs) reached 65% as of the nine months ended 30 September 2023, on an 
FX adjusted term. Retail banking products and services offered to customers include card payment systems, 
consumer loans (including general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), commercial installment loans, 
SME loans, SME banking packages, time and demand deposits, gold banking, investment accounts, life and 
non-life insurance products and payroll services. In addition, the Bank offers priveliges to customers who 
receive their monthly salary or SSI payments through the Bank. Card payment systems includes the 
management of products, services, campaigns for member merchants as well as the sales and activities for a 
variety of customer types. The Bank’s “World” brand and shopping and marketing platform of the Bank 
includes card brands known as “Crystal”, “Play”, “Adios” and “Taksitçi” that provide services for the Bank’s 
different segments. Through its private banking activities, the Bank serves high net worth customers and 
delivers investment products to this customer segment. Among the products and services offered to Private 
Banking customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products—such as forwards, futures 
and options—in domestic and international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and equity 
trading, pension plans, insurance products and 7/24 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services. Also, personal 
advisory services (for example, with respect to art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) 
are offered within the private banking and wealth management activities. Customers are also provided with 
investment advisory and portfolio management services through the Group’s portfolio management and 
brokerage subsidiaries.  
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for its own account and 
for the account of its customers. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye (third largest among 
private banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 796 branches spread throughout Türkiye, 
including one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.3% market share of branches in overall banking sector). 
While the Bank’s branch network covers all regions in Türkiye, as of 30 September 2023, most of the 
branches were in the larger cities, with 69% of the Bank’s branches being located in the ten largest cities 
(including Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and Adana). According to BRSA statistics, the 
Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Türkiye as of 30 September 2023 in terms of branches was

--- Page 212 ---
193 
 
 
9.5% compared with 9.5% for 31 December 2022, 9.5% for 31 December 2021 and 9.6% for 31 December 
2020. 
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of Limitless 
Banking channels including 4,892 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs with cash deposit 
functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye with a 9.4% market share according to the Interbank 
Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 11.6 million customers as of 30 September 2023, a leading 
position in mobile banking with 12.5 million customers as of 30 September 2023, as well as three award 
winning call centres, according to the Turkish Banking Association. See “—Distribution—Limitless Banking”. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Group had 16,738 employees, of which 15,584 were employees of the Bank 
(representing 8.3% market share). This compares to 16,516, 16,313 and 16,871 employees as of 31 December 
2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 respectively, of which 15,431, 15,452 and 16,037 were 
employees of the Bank. Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the 
Netherlands, Azerbaijan and a branch in Bahrain. The Group had total assets of TL 1,678.4 billion (U.S.$61.3 
billion) as of 30 September 2023, compared with TL 1,184.2 billion as of 31 December 2022, TL 780.8 billion 
as of 31 December 2021 and TL 486.5 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
According to the consolidated Interim BRSA Financial Statements for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2023, the Group had gross profit from operating activities of TL 115,208 million (U.S.$5,192 
million), compared to TL 75,098 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. In prior periods, 
before the Group started to report reversals of provisions for expected credit losses on a gross basis, the Group 
had gross profit from operating activities of TL 109,030 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
TL 35,010 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and TL 25,823 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020. For the period ended 30 September 2023, the Group’s cost-to-income ratio was 27.7% and 
operating cost growth was 131% year-over-year. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s costs divided by 
average assets ratio were 3.0% versus 2.4% as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s fees divided by operating 
costs ratio reached 75% in the period ended 30 September 2023. 
The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth. A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class 
profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
The Group’s net profit was TL 48,703 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 
45.4% for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, compared with TL 52,745 million and 56.6% for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, TL 10,490 million and 19.6% for the year ended 31 December 2021 and TL 
5,080 million and 12.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020. The banking sector’s return on average 
tangible shareholders’ equity was 34.6%, 40.0%, 14.0% and 10.5% for the nine months ended 30 September 
2023 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, according to data 
from the BRSA’s monthly bulletin. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s return on assets ratio was at 4.5%, 
compared to 5.4% as of 31 December 2022, 1.7% as of 31 December 2021 and 1.1% as of 31 December 2020. 
As of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 21.1% (or 19.1% without Temporary Forbearances), 21.3%, 18.7% and 18.2%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis (in this paragraph, figures for 31 December 2022 and thereafter are 
presented taking into account the impact of Temporary Forbearances, except where stated otherwise). As of 
30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank’s common 
equity tier-1 ratio was 17.0% (or 15.3% without Temporary Forbearances), 17.5%, 13.8% and 13.6%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis. On a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 
19.9% (or 17.2% without Temporary Forbearances), 19.9%, 17.6% and 17.2% as of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, while common equity Tier-1 ratios 
were 15.9% (or 13.3% without Temporary Forbearances), 16.3%, 13.02% and 12.8% as of the same dates. 
The banking sector’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 18.1%, 19.2% and 18.1% as of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively.

--- Page 213 ---
194 
 
 
Key Competitive Advantages 
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages that enable it 
to compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including: 
 
Leading market positions in key segments and products. 
According to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking Association, the Bank 
is the fourth largest privately owned bank in Türkiye by assets. 
 
Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet. 
The Group has total assets that incorporate a high proportion of performing loans (47.4% as of 30 
September 2023) and a lower proportion of securities (23% as of 30 September 2023).  
The Group continues to aim to reduce the concentration in lending and deposits and spread out with 
smaller balances. The Group is focused on improving its loan book mix towards more value 
generating areas. In this respect the Bank seeks to maintain balanced growth between lower value 
lending, and larger (corporate and commercial) lending on its loan book.  
 
Large network and leading brand. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had 796 branches (which includes one branch in Bahrain, but 
excluding its international presence through the Group’s overseas subsidiaries; the Group had 832 
branches including its international presence). As of 30 September 2023, the Group had a solid 
distribution platform, including the sixth largest branch network in Türkiye according to the Turkish 
Banking Association, with a market share of 8.3% (as compared to 8.3% as of 31 December 2022, 
8.2% as of 31 December 2021 and 8.4% as of 31 December 2020). As of 30 September 2023, the 
Group had innovative Limitless Banking channels including 4,919 ATMs, 100% of which are 
“advanced” ATMs with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye with an 
9.4% market share according to the Interbank Card Center (“BKM”) (9.5% as of 31 December 2022, 
9.2% as of 31 December 2021 and 9.0% as of 31 December 2020). Digital banking with 12.8 million 
active customers, a leading position in mobile banking with 12.6 million active customers according 
to the Turkish Banking Association as of 30 September 2023, as well as three award winning call 
centres. The Group’s share of main banking products sold through digital platforms is 67% as of 30 
September 2023. 
 
Strong commitment to risk management. 
The Group has a conservative risk management strategy with solid credit risk infrastructure, 
underwriting and monitoring systems. The Group avoids speculative open foreign exchange positions 
and maintains liquidity ratios well above the regulatory levels. As of 30 September 2023, 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio 
according to the BRSA statistics was 21.1% (or 19.1% without Temporary Forbearances), 21.3%, 
18.7% and 18.2% respectively, on a Bank-only basis. As of 30 September 2023, the Group had 
limited intragroup exposure, at 12.4% of its capital, as compared with the 20% regulatory limit. The 
Group’s loan book is diversified, with its top 20 loans amounting to only 10% of its loan book as of 
30 September 2023.  
 
Diversified, high quality revenue mix. 
The Group believes it has a sustainable revenue base, with a high share of fees in total revenues 
amounting to 21% for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, and that it has the capacity to 
effectively manage net interest margin through dynamic pricing. The Group aims to reduce its 
concentration in lending and deposits, spreading out with smaller tickets, and focus on transaction 
banking in commission generation. 
 
Strong and committed significant shareholder.

--- Page 214 ---
195 
 
 
Koç Group is the Group’s largest shareholder, holding a 61.17% interest in the Group. The Koç 
Group, established in 1926, is the largest conglomerate in Türkiye. It has strong positions in the 
energy, automotive and finance sectors in Türkiye as well as in consumer durables both domestically 
and internationally, enabling potential synergies with the Group.  As of 30 September 2023, the Group 
had limited intragroup exposure, at 12.4% of its capital, as compared with the regulatory limit of 20%.   
Strategy 
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its mission is to 
ensure long-term sustainable growth and value creation for all stakeholders and to become the first choice for 
customers and employees. 
Principles 
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles: 
Healthy and consistent growth 
 
Focus on core banking activities, growth in value generating segments and products, continuous 
improvement in commercial effectiveness, expansion of market presence and funding diversification 
to sustain long-term performance. 
Strong and sustainable profitability 
 
Address specific customer needs via segment-based service model, optimise cost to serve to improve 
competitiveness and maintain effective cost, risk and capital management. 
Superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction 
 
Enhance an easy-to work with approach through continuous investments in technology and delivery 
channels while maintaining focus on innovation, employee satisfaction and loyalty. 
Key strategic objectives 
The Bank aims to achieve a sustainable performance through sustained customer-orientation. The Bank 
expects to continue its strong performance through the following key long-term strategic pillars: 
Growth and Commercial Effectiveness 
 
Value-generating loan growth with a focus on general purpose loans, mortgages and SMEs in retail 
lending, together with selective growth in corporate/commercial lending with a focus on higher yielding 
mid-commercial and project finance. 
 
Improvements in efficiency and cost containment alongside significant investments. 
 
Fee generation and customer penetration through continued focus on retail business and cross-selling. 
Funding and Capital 
 
Emphasis on further strengthening deposit base and diversifying funding sources. 
 
Effective loan/deposit ratio management. 
 
Efficient capital utilisation with a focus on targeted growth in value generating segments and capital 
strengthening actions. 
Efficiency and Cost Optimisation 
 
Disciplined cost approach and lower cost to serve. 
 
Optimisation of physical presence.

--- Page 215 ---
196 
 
 
 
Multi-channel approach and continuation of investments in growth initiatives with increased development 
of Limitless Banking channels as sales channels. 
Risk Management 
 
Dynamic and proactive portfolio management. 
 
Investments/enhancements to maintain cost of risk through the cycle levels. 
 
Early collections via capacity increase. 
 
Continuous enhancements of risks systems, especially in consumer and SME segments. 
 
Further improvements in quality of new loan generation. 
Sustainability 
 
Customer/employee satisfaction and loyalty. 
 
Investments in technology and innovation. 
 
Enhance easy to work with approach. 
 
Acceleration of customer acquisition, penetration and activation. 
Business Plan 
The Bank’s strategy is to be a customer centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth and achieving best-in-class profitability, backed by a 
strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. The Bank is targeting strategic 
goals that build upon its existing business strategy to achieve an improvement in return on assets and return on 
average tangible shareholder’s equity. 
Strengthen and optimise its capital position 
The Bank has targeted a 200 basis-points CET1 ratio buffer over the regulatory limits as a medium term goal 
to sufficiently strengthen its capital position to permit dividend payments while maintaining a sufficient 
capital buffer, primarily based on the execution of the Capital Strengthening Plan that was approved by the 
Bank’s Board of Directors on 26 April 2018 (the “Capital Strengthening Plan”). The Capital Strengthening 
Plan included two components: 
 
A domestic rights issue at nominal value, without restricting the statutory pre-emption rights of its 
existing shareholders, in the amount of TL 4,100,000 thousand, which increased its issued share 
capital by 94.31680%, from TL 4,347,051 thousand to TL 8,447,051 thousand. The domestic 
rights issue was completed and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry on 29 June 2018. 
 
 
An issuance of Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Notes eligible for inclusion as 
Additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank. For a description of regulatory requirements in relation to 
Additional Tier 1 capital requirements, see “Turkish Regulatory Environment”.  
On 30 April 2018, as part of the Capital Strengthening Plan, the Bank requested approval from the relevant 
authorities for a paid-in share capital increase, which was completed on 29 June 2018. As a result, the Bank’s 
new issued share capital reached TL 8,447,051 thousand. The domestic rights issue was 94.3% subscribed.  
In January 2019, the Bank raised U.S.$650 million worth of additional Tier 1 capital. The transaction marked 
the first time additional Tier 1 capital was raised by a Turkish deposit bank through the issuance of USD-
denominated bonds with market participation. The additional Tier 1 capital issuance, which is callable once 
every 5 years, was conducted in the international markets and also with the participation of Koç Holding and 
UniCredit S.p.A..  The coupon rate for the transaction was set at 13.87%.

--- Page 216 ---
197 
 
 
The two transactions both confirmed the confidence of main shareholders and international investors in the 
Bank as well as strengthening the Bank’s capital structure as was the aim of the Capital Strengthening Plan 
announced in 2018. The Bank has completed the Capital Strengthening Plan. 
Sustainable revenue generation by rebalancing business mix 
The Bank targets sustainable revenue generation through the rebalancing of the Bank’s business portfolio. In 
relation to this target, the Bank is undertaking a number of strategic and operational steps: 
 
focusing on small ticket and higher value generating segments and products, with a focus on 
individuals and SMEs (including both loan and deposit initiatives, such as introducing individual 
consumer pricing, growing the number of payroll customers and targeting sub-segments within 
the SME sector). The Bank targets an increase in small ticket demand and individual deposits in 
order to control funding costs. In turn, the Bank also seeks to limit risk in its corporate portfolio 
by reducing concentration by borrower and sector, 
 
 
increasing the Bank’s transactional banking and payment systems to strengthen fees by continuing 
to focus on growing all elements of the Bank’s existing fee revenue streams (including both 
banking and non-banking services), and 
 
 
increasing the Bank’s house-bank customer penetration together with ongoing new customer 
acquisition. 
 
Efficiency gains by streamlining operations. 
Furthermore, the Bank is expecting to continue with a balanced approach in terms of revenues and cost 
management. In order to achieve its cost targets, as well as the above-mentioned revenue and profitability 
targets, the Bank is undertaking a number of operation improvements, including:  
 
continuing its investment in digital transformation, which would involve increasing IT investments 
through 2020 to offer most of the Bank’s products via digital channels and further increase the 
number of customers and transactions using digital channels; 
 
streamlining its operations with process automation and centralisation where feasible; and 
 
improving operational processes through service-channel improvements through a new central service 
model for mass and micro customers with dedicated relationship managers for higher-value consumer 
and corporate customers. 
As a result of these investments and initiatives, the Bank seeks to significantly improve its loan per branch, 
loan per employee, deposits per branch and deposits per employee. 
Asset quality optimisation 
The Bank is expecting to reduce its total cost of risk through a combination of operational improvements and 
asset quality optimisation, including the following: 
 
improving its underwriting approach for its customers and products (which involve automating 
individual and micro SME customers while tailoring underwriting for larger loans),  
 
 
centralising risk monitoring and improving the Bank’s collection processes (including further sub-
segmentation of customer segments less than 90 days overdue and introducing additional KPIs), 
and  
 
 
actively managing its non-performing loan stock (with a continuing focus on NPL loan sales 
where appropriate as well a broader range of restructuring options). 
The Business Plan (as defined above) includes, inter alia, targets and objectives in respect of most of the 
consolidated and divisional economic line items and indicators of the Bank’s financial statements as well as 
statements with respect to its strategic goals and objectives. Although the Bank believes that the assumptions 
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it does not provide any assurance with respect to

--- Page 217 ---
198 
 
 
such statements. The preparation of the Business Plan is based upon, inter alia, certain assumptions 
concerning future events that management expects to occur, and the actions management intends to take once 
the Business Plan is implemented. Such events and actions may not actually be realised, as they depend 
substantially on variables that management cannot control, and may involve situations that management 
cannot predict. As a result the targets and objectives in the Business Plan, and the assumptions underlying 
those targets and objectives, are by definition uncertain and actual results or events may differ materially 
from and be more negative than those that are implied in the targets and objectives.  
Data used in the Business Plan are based on assumptions regarding the Bank’s operations and results that 
are based on its current expectations regarding future events and are therefore subject to significant 
uncertainties that could cause the Bank’s actual results to differ. These uncertainties include, inter alia, the 
Bank’s ability to grow in terms of operating profit and net profit and to carry out investments and other 
transaction provided for in the Business Plan, the assumptions about trends in macroeconomic indicators, 
political and regulatory developments and other objectives and targets in the Business Plan. Should any of 
these uncertainties be realised or any of the key assumptions prove to be inaccurate, the Bank’s actual results 
or events would likely differ materially from those expressed or implied in the targets and objectives. Further, 
the targets in the Business Plan exclude any possible impact from TFRS 16 which has been in force as of 1 
January 2019 and the expected results assume the successful completion of the issuance of the Notes. In 
addition, the targets and objectives were derived in a modelling process based on certain further underlying 
assumptions, which may prove to be incorrect. Hence, there can be no assurance that the targets and 
objectives will eventually prove to be accurate and prospective investors should be aware that a number of 
factors, including factors beyond the Bank’s control, might render achieving the targets and objectives set 
forth in the Business Plan difficult or impossible. You should not place undue reliance on the targets and 
objectives, which speak only as of the date that they were made. 
These cautionary statements should be considered in connection with any written or oral forward-looking 
statements that the Bank may issue in the future. The Bank does not undertake any obligation to release 
publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements after the date hereof to reflect later events or 
circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
History 
The Bank in its present form results from the merger of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and Koçbank in 2006. 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. was established on 7 July 1944 as Türkiye’s first retail focused privately owned 
bank with a nationwide presence, and management believes it has played a pioneering role in the banking 
sector. Since its origins, the Bank has maintained a strong reputation in the banking sector leveraging on its 
customer-centric approach, dedication to innovation and contribution to the development of the financial 
sector in Türkiye. 
The following are a number of notable landmarks in the Bank’s history: 
 
1940s-1950s: The Bank gained a strong position as Türkiye’s first retail-focused private bank with a 
nationwide presence. 
 
1960s: Introduced computerisation to the Turkish banking sector and played a pioneering role in 
developing long term project finance lending. 
 
1970s: Led the way in the development of financial and international subsidiaries and became the first 
bank to be authorised to hold a foreign currency position in Türkiye. 
 
1980s: Introduced individual loans, credit cards, debit cards, ATMs and online banking systems; laid the 
foundations for today’s corporate banking; established the first Turkish offshore bank in the Middle East 
and became the first Turkish bank to issue bonds and certificates in the international capital markets. 
 
1990s: Initiated the first telephone banking service, introduced an advanced credit card infrastructure with 
loyalty point awards and instalments and was the first bank in Türkiye to receive the ISO 9001 quality 
certification. In addition, the Bank developed its services infrastructure and modernised its corporate 
structure, human resources, education systems and market strategies to better suit the requirements of an 
increasingly technology driven environment. 
 
2000s: Successfully completed its merger with Koçbank in October 2006, the largest merger in the 
Turkish banking sector, creating a strong retail franchise.

--- Page 218 ---
199 
 
 
 
2014: Started a growth project to strengthen its market position through investments aimed at enhancing 
commercial effectiveness including an increase in headcount, ATMs and branches. In order to reach its 
objective, the Bank increased headcount by 1,850, opened 60 new branches and 606 new ATMs, 
introduced branchless service models, enhanced internet banking and undertook other projects to improve 
commercial effectiveness. 
 
2015: Growth oriented investment strategy continued with the bulk of the investments completed. In the 
context of this strategy, the Bank increased its headcount by 811 people and opened 17 new branches and 
584 new ATMs during 2015. 
 
2016: With the investment phase completed in 2015, the harvest phase of the growth strategy began in 
2016, with a focus on strong growth in profitability, ROE improvement and shareholders’ equity. The 
Bank recorded profitability acceleration driven by its core business in 2016. The Bank’s focus during the 
year was on maintaining scale with continuing remix, strong revenue generation via ongoing customer 
acquisition and disciplined cost control, heavily leveraging digitalisation as well as controlled asset 
quality. 
 
2017: The Bank saw profitability to continue to improve, driven by a core banking focus, strict cost 
discipline, while heavily leveraging digitalisation and further improvement in asset quality. The Bank kept 
its market positioning stable compared with private banks, with a focus on a value generating mix. In 
terms of revenues, the Bank focused on ongoing outperformance supported by sustainable core banking 
activity, while pursuing with strict cost discipline its process of leveraging heavily on digitalisation and 
efficiency. Meanwhile, the Bank continued with its conservative and proactive asset quality approach to 
ensure an improvement in the performance, and focused on maintaining solid capital and liquidity 
positions.  
 
2018: The Bank saw profitability continue to improve, driven by improvements in core revenue areas 
resulting from wider net interest margins and higher fee generation, and supported by ongoing cost 
discipline and stable running costs. The Bank maintained a conservative and proactive approach to 
managing asset quality, classifying several large loans as NPLs during the period where macro volatility 
was evident. At the same time, the Bank increased the coverage of Stage 3 loans with the intention to 
further continue NPL stock management. Furthermore, the Bank successfully finalised a capital injection 
of TL 4.1 billion during this period, further supporting its liquidity and capital positions. 
 
2019: During the first half of 2019, the Bank continued to focus on reducing concentration in lending and 
deposits, focusing on granularity and small ticket individual deposits, improving core revenues through 
successful management of the asset liability mix and pricing as well as solid fee generation through focus 
on transactional banking and payment systems. Within the period, the Bank sustatined a controlled cost 
management while continuing to implement a prudent asset quality approach in the challenging operating 
environment. 
 
2020: Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by KFS, which was jointly owned by the Koç 
Group and UniCredit S.p.A.. On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed share 
transfers, whereby UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital 
and the Koç Group increased its ownership to 49.97%.  Immediately after, UniCredit S.p.A. announced 
the launch of a sale through accelerated book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to 
institutional investors.  The sale took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 
20.00% and the Bank’s free float increased to 30.03%. In a challenging period shaded by the COVID-19 
pandemic globally followed by macro and political uncertainties, the Group continued its prudent policies 
regarding asset quality, capitalization and liquidity while maintaining strategies in terms of asset liability 
management for sustainable profitability. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business— 
The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related parties” and “Share Capital 
and Ownership—Ownership.” 
 
2021: In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced that Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç 
Holding”) will acquire an additional 18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from UniCredit 
S.p.A. (the “2022 Share Acquisition”). See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business— The 
Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related parties” and “Share Capital and 
Ownership—Ownership.” 
 
2022: On 1 April 2022, the 2022 Share Acquisiton was complete. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the 
Group’s Business— The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related 
parties” and “Share Capital and Ownership—Ownership.”

--- Page 219 ---
200 
 
 
 
2023: On 28 July 2023, Koç Holding A.Ş. sold 6.81% of the Bank’s issued share capital to institutional 
investors through a bookbuild process.  
Following significant volatility in the Turkish currency and foreign exchange markets in 2001 and the collapse 
of several institutions, in 2002 the BRSA commenced an audit process that assessed the financial condition of 
all Turkish banks. Following this audit process, in January 2003 the BRSA, the SDIF and the Çukurova 
Group, which was then the Bank’s largest shareholder, entered into an agreement under which the SDIF took 
certain protective measures and it was agreed that shares of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. previously owned or 
controlled by the Çukurova Group (57.4% in aggregate) would be sold within two years. 
Koçbank was founded in 1981 as the American Express Bank, based in Istanbul. Koç Holding acquired a 51% 
stake in the American Express Bank in 1986, renaming it Koç American Bank, and in 1992, the bank became 
a wholly owned subsidiary of Koç Holding and was renamed Koçbank A.Ş. KFS was established in 
March 2001 as a management company and all financial services companies owned by Koç Holding, 
including Koçbank, were united under KFS. In October 2002, Koç Holding and UniCredit S.p.A. signed a 
joint venture agreement and became joint shareholders in KFS (each with a 50% interest), making KFS the 
first foreign partnership to be established in the financial sector in Türkiye. 
Under the management of UniCredit S.p.A. and Koç Holding, Koçbank underwent a significant restructuring 
process and began a period of organic growth. By 2005, Koçbank had over 170 branches and had developed 
its own expertise in private banking, asset management and corporate and commercial banking, leasing and 
factoring companies. 
In January 2005, pursuant to its agreement with the BRSA and the SDIF, Çukurova Group sold 57.4% of the 
Bank’s shares to KFS. In April 2006 Koçbank acquired a further 9.9% of the Bank’s shares, taking Koçbank’s 
interest in the Bank to 67.3%. 
In October 2006, Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. was merged with Koçbank, when Koçbank was dissolved and 
its rights, receivables, obligations and liabilities were transferred to Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., with the 
combined legal entity continuing under the name Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. The merger between Koçbank 
(eighth largest bank) and Yapı Kredi (seventh largest bank) formed the new Yapı Kredi, which became the 
fourth largest private bank. 
Overview of Banking Products and Services 
The Bank’s operations are carried out through three main segments: (1) retail banking, which includes the 
Bank’s card payment systems, individual banking and private banking and wealth management (2) 
commercial and SME banking and (3) corporate banking. The Bank’s service model is supported by its 
domestic and international subsidiaries.

--- Page 220 ---
201 
 
 
Organisational structure 
The following chart represents the Bank’s organisational structure as of 31 November 2022, including its 
subsidiaries’ structures.  
 
 
Retail Banking 
Overview 
The Bank’s retail banking division consists of the following segments: credit card, individual banking (and the 
mass and blue class sub-segments) and business banking for small businesses. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, retail banking was one of the key growth areas for the Bank, especially 
in general purpose loans, credit cards, mortgages, asset gathering (deposits and mutual funds) and pension 
funds. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s retail banking division served approximately 13.7 million active 
retail customers which were serviced by 2,933 retail relationship managers, through 729 retail branches.  
In the Turkish retail banking market, as of 30 September 2023, the Bank was the market leader in terms of 
credit card volume outstanding and number of credit cards. The Bank ranked third in credit card issuing and 
acquiring turnover. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank was the sixth largest bank in terms of consumer loan 
volume and the seventh largest bank in terms of deposit volume according to BRSA financials. Income from 
the Bank’s retail banking activities comprises primarily interest income from loans to individuals and small 
businesses and commission income from loans, credit cards, point of sale business and other banking 
transactions. As of 30 September 2023, the Group had loans in its consumer segment (excluding credit cards) 
of TL 150,217,560 thousand (U.S.$5,487,059 thousand) compared to TL 112,362,560 thousand 
(U.S.$6,009,239 thousand) at 31 December 2022, TL 71,089,069 thousand (U.S.$5,477,871 thousand) at 31 
December 2021 and TL 50,228,033 thousand (U.S.$6,842,590 thousand) at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 221 ---
202 
 
 
The Bank offers its retail customers a broad range of products and services, including general purpose loans, 
auto loans, credit, debit and prepaid cards, payment and collection services, deposit and overdraft accounts, 
school payments, asset management products, scrap gold collection, working account, platinum fund, İlk 
param, cross sell screens, pre-approved loan, packages, ATMs, telephone banking, internet banking and 
mobile banking and life and non-life insurance products. The Bank introduced some of these products and 
services to the Turkish banking industry, including consumer loans, credit cards, overdraft accounts, telephone 
banking, ATMs and point of service (“POS”) terminals, and the Bank’s management believes that the Bank 
has been a pioneer in retail banking in Türkiye. 
The Bank has named agricultural banking as a strategic sector and has developed various strategies and action 
plans during the last eight years. For example, a new agricultural marketing and sales team has been 
established under the SME and agricultural banking group and a new agricultural loan evaluation system was 
announced in January 2012. In addition, agricultural experts have been located throughout the Bank’s regions, 
and the agricultural loan product range has been expanded by establishing specific loan types. Verimli Card, 
which is a special credit card for farmers, was relaunched in May 2014. In 2015, the Agricultural Value Chain 
was introduced as a business model aimed at obtaining the cash flow between Food Processor or Agricultural 
Product Producer Companies and Farmers and Traders. As of 30 June 2017, with the Bank’s new 
segmentation structure, agricultural clients have started to be segmented within all small business sub-
segments (business-small-medium) according to their annual turnovers.  In 2020, 2021, 2022 and in the nine 
months ended 30 September 2023 the Bank utilized CGF guaranteed loans to agricultural customers. Yapı 
Kredi Agricultural Banking has focused on both mass customer and big customer acquisition through selling 
its products from huge product range to the Bank’s customers as a main strategy. 
Retail Customer Segmentation 
Within the retail banking division, the Bank’s customers are divided into four categories to facilitate customer 
management and to allow a clear and focused approach for responding to different groups’ behaviours and 
needs. These three categories are: mass, mass affluent and blue, each a sub-segment within individual 
banking, and the small business segment. 
Individuals are segmented mainly by the value of their assets with the Bank and/or the amount of their 
monthly salary, while small business customers are segmented according to their annual turnover. Individual 
customers with total personal financial assets of TL 300,000 and above or monthly salary of TL 30,000 and 
above are managed in Blue Class, individual customers with total personal financial assets between TL 
100,000 and TL 300,000 or monthly salary between TL 15,000 and TL 30,000 are managed in Mass Affluent 
and other individual customers are managed in the mass segment. Small businesses are customers with annual 
turnover of less than TL 5,000,000. 
Cards Payment Business 
The Bank was the first bank in Türkiye to issue credit cards, starting in 1988. Since then, it has been one of 
Türkiye’s leading issuers and acquirers of credit cards and payment systems remain an important focus for the 
Bank. 
The Bank has maintained non-exclusive agreements with Visa International since 1981, Visa Europe since 
2009 and MasterCard International since 1988.  
The Bank has been a leader in credit cards for the last 33 years with strong brand recognition and a loyal 
customer base.  
World, the Bank’s credit card programme, is the eighth largest in Europe and 70th largest in the world 
according to the Nilson Report. According to the Nilson Report in 2022, World was the largest credit card 
programme in both Türkiye and Continental Europe in terms of outstanding volume in 2021. 
Card Payment Products 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank maintained its leadership both in credit card stock and outstanding 
volume, which had approximately 16.9 million credit cards (including virtual cards, excluding World cards 
issued by co-branding partnerships) issued, representing market shares of 15.01% in Türkiye by number of 
cards, according to the Interbank Card Centre, and 13.03% market share by outstanding balance, according to

--- Page 222 ---
203 
 
 
BRSA statistics, respectively. The Bank’s outstanding credit card receivables (including commercial cards) 
amounted to TL 168.4 billion (U.S.$6.2 billion) as of 30 September 2023. 
The Bank focused on special campaign offers for commercial credit card customers to enhance cash flow 
management and synergies with SME banking. In terms of issuing volume, the commercial credit cards 
market grew from TL 277.7 billion (U.S.$ 37.8 billion) as of 31 December 2020, to TL 452.9 billion 
(U.S.$34.9 billion) as of 31 December 2021, to TL 1.008 trillion (U.S.$53.9 billion) as of 31 December 2022 
and TL 1.355 trillion (U.S.$49.5 billion) as of 30 September 2023. Moreover, in terms of outstanding volume, 
the commercial credit cards market grew from TL 57.5 billion (U.S.$7.8 billion) as of 31 December 2020, to 
TL 96.5 billion (U.S.$7.4 billion) as of 31 December 2021, to TL 211.1 billion (U.S.$11.3 billion) as of 31 
December 2022 and further to TL 336.7 billion (U.S.$12.3 billion) as of 30 September 2023.  
Meanwhile, the Bank has commercial card turnover volume with 10.37% market share in the sector as of 30 
September 2023. 
Credit card customers are an important source of new business for the Bank, as a credit card is often the first 
of the Bank’s products acquired by a customer. The Bank endeavours to cross sell its credit card customers 
other products and services utilising advanced marketing techniques, including customer relationship 
management programmes and database marketing systems with its merchant network to increase sales. As of 
30 September 2023, the Bank’s credit card division was served by a sales team comprising 113 sales people 
throughout various regions in Türkiye. 
The Bank’s own credit card brand, Worldcard, was launched in 1991. In 2002, following changes in both card 
technology and customer preferences, the Bank re-launched the Worldcard brand by allowing the card to be 
used with merchants in the Bank’s merchant network to purchase items on instalment plans and offered a new 
Worldcard loyalty programme. The Bank offers a wide variety of credit cards, each targeted at a specific 
range of customers. Listed below are some examples of the Bank’s cards payment products and a brief 
description of their features:  
 
Worldcard 
Worldcard is the Bank’s mass credit card with instalment, loyalty point and cash advance options. 
 
World Gold Card 
World Gold card is the second tier card in the World portfolio, offering the same benefits as the Worldcard but 
considered to be more prestigious. World Gold card provides purchase protection insurance and assistance 
services to cardholders such as medical consulting, homecare services, and an information line for social 
activities, restaurants and hotels. 
 
World Platinum Card 
World Platinum card is the most prestigious credit card in the World portfolio. Customers need to qualify a 
required minimum monthly income criteria to apply for a World Platinum credit card. 
 
adios Card 
Adios card specifically targets customers who travel frequently. Adios cardholders are able to redeem their 
loyalty points at a greater value to cover their travel expenses. 
 
adios Premium Card 
Adios Premium credit card targets the “platinum” traveller customers who can fulfil eligibility requirements. 
Adios Premium cardholders are able to redeem their loyalty points at a greater value to cover their travel 
expenses. 
 
Crystal Card 
Crystal card is the most prestigious credit card in the Bank’s credit card portfolio which is offered to a limited 
number of distinguished clients. Crystal cards offer several privileges to cardholders ranging from private 
concierge services to travel privileges, as well as other services such as insurance. In addition, Crystal card

--- Page 223 ---
204 
 
 
holders benefit from 20% discount at various hotels and exclusive restaurants in Istanbul and other regions, 
with which the Bank has a contractual relationship. 
 
Opet Worldcard 
Opet Worldcard is a co-branded credit card in co-operation with Opet Gas Distribution Company. Opet 
Worldcard targets customers that have regular fuel consumption. Besides including all the benefits of the 
Worldcard, customers are rewarded with fuel points that can be only redeemed at Opet Stations. 
 
Play Card 
Play Card specifically targets the youth segment and university students can apply for Play Cards without 
declaring income. Play Card won the Best New Customer Proposition and The Best of The Best awards in the 
Visa Europe Member Awards 2009 held among all VISA Europe member banks. Play Card won three bronze 
awards in the Crystal Apple Turkish Advertisement Awards Competition media and digital categories for 
sponsorship projects. 
 
World Eko 
The World Eko card has no annual card fee. World Eko card holders are able to benefit from instalment, 
loyalty points and cash advance options. 
 
World Business Card 
The World Business card meets the purchasing and cash advance needs of companies, combined with the 
World system advantages. Cardholders can gain “Worldpoints” and make instalment purchases at member 
merchants. 
 
Debit cards (TLcard, Platinum TLcard, Play TLcard and Business TLcard) 
TLcard is a debit card that can be used for banking transactions, cash withdrawals from ATMs and purchases 
at Visa, MasterCard or Troy merchants all over the world. TLcard collects “Worldpoints” from purchases at 
World merchants. Play TLcard is offered to customers aged 18-24 and students. Business TLcard is offered to 
all companies. 
 
KoçAilem Card and KoçAilem TLcard  
KoçAilem Card (credit card) and KoçAilem TLcard (debit card) is a co-branded card program by the Bank 
and Koç Holding designed for and only available to Koç Group employees, their families, retirees, and Koç 
University students. 
The card offers significant discounts at the Koç Group companies, such as Arçelik, Ford, and Koçtaş. Besides 
the financial benefits, cardholders are entitled to attend special, cardholder-only events, including film 
screenings and children’s activities days. 
 
Prepaid Cards (World Nakit, Play Nakit, World Nakit Sanal) 
World Nakit Sanal is a virtual prepaid card launched in November 2018, and World Nakit and Play Nakit are 
physical prepaid cards launched in June 2019 that allow customers to spend only a preloaded amount. 
Customers do not have to open a bank account to use prepaid cards, which can also be used for cash 
withdrawals from ATMs, for purchases and for e-commerce. 
New Launches 
The Bank offers an instalment payment programme on its credit cards in conjunction with certain members of 
its merchant network, whereby cardholders are able to make instalment payments for their purchases and, 
provided the instalment payments are paid over the agreed time period, interest will not accrue on the amount 
of the purchase. The programme is only available where the Bank’s cardholders make a purchase through one 
of the Bank’s participating merchants. 
The Bank’s credit card business operates in accordance with the Bank Cards and Credit Cards Law enacted in 
2006 (Law No. 5464), which requires that banks issue credit cards only upon request by a customer, either

--- Page 224 ---
205 
 
 
orally or in writing. Credit limits are set at an amount not exceeding twice the cardholder’s average monthly 
salary for the first year the customer receives his first credit card from a Turkish bank, and an amount not 
exceeding four times the average monthly salary for the second year, if a sufficient limit is available. The 
Central Bank determines the maximum contractual and default interest rates of credit cards. 
In September of 2020, the Bank launched a new “İstanbulkart” function in its “Yapı Kredi Mobil” application. 
Using Yapı Kredi Mobil, customers can load personal credit cards, prepaid cards or accounts onto 
İstanbulkart, instantly top-up their İstanbulkart, or arrange to automatically top-up their İstanbulkart with their 
Yapı Kredi cards or account. 
The Bank has launched a Digital Platform Payment Subscriptions project which enables customers to monitor 
and manage Mastercard and Visa branded Yapı Kredi cards that have been registered to e-commerce 
merchants and digital platforms. Mastercard “M4M project” was launched in October 2021, and the Visa 
“VTS project” was launched in September 2022. 
At the end of 2022, the Bank launched “E-Campus” under World Pay (as described below). This project 
enables cafeteria payments in universities to be made with a QR Code. This project was presented to nearly 
112,000 customers in five universities.   
Co-branding Partnerships 
The Bank has credit card co-branding partnership agreements with Vakıfbank, Anadolubank and Albaraka 
Turk. These partnerships have helped the Bank’s credit card brand World become Türkiye’s largest credit card 
network and marketing platform, with approximately 26.0 million credit cards. 
In September 2012, the Bank introduced its World credit card programme in Azerbaijan. In recognition of the 
Bank’s success in introducing the programme in Azerbaijan, it received the Best Marketing Campaign award 
from MasterCard. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had issued over 26.631 World credit cards in 
Azerbaijan.

--- Page 225 ---
206 
 
 
Digitalisation of Payment Products. 
 
World Pay 
The Bank designed World Pay to create a seamless payment experience without the need for a physical or 
plastic card. In 2015, the Bank launched Near Field Communication (“NFC”) technology which enables the 
customer to pay at a physical store using their Android phones. In February 2018, the Bank launched QR code 
payments in order to ease the payment experience for e-commerce. In-Car Payment was first offered to the 
Bank’s customers in May 2019 to allow them to make fuel payments without stepping out of their cars. In 
October 2019, the Bank launched a new QR code payment function at the POS using terminals that allow card 
customers to pay using a QR code in physical stores in addition to e-commerce. Customers can make such 
payments through World Pay via credit, debit and prepaid cards, as well as via their Yapı Kredi accounts. 
In 2022, the Bank also launched Türkiye’s first “Buy Now Pay Later” payment solution “World Pay Shopping 
Loan”.  Customers may scan the QR code on Yapı Kredi POS devices in merchants’ stores via World Mobile 
or Yapı Kredi Mobile and apply for World Pay Shopping Loan. If approved, customers may use the loan to 
pay for the item in store within three minutes. 
 
World Mobil 
The Bank aims to provide credit card customers with a fully end-to-end digital experience. The Bank aims to 
digitalise the credit card experience through the use of the new “World Mobil” mobile application. World 
Mobil is a marking platform providing such an end-to-end digital card experience to its users through six main 
sections: Campaigns, Earnings, World Pay, Card Management, Profile and Entertainment. Using the 
application, customers can, among other things, view and enrol into campaigns, access their shopping 
transactions, track their earnings, control their cards and payments and invite friends to World Mobil by 
sharing links.  
Merchant Network 
The Bank is third in total acquiring volume in the market, with a market share of 15.55% as of 30 September 
2023. The Bank’s acquiring volume as of 30 September 2023 was TL 803.1 billion, as compared to TL 592.1 
billion as of 31 December 2022 and TL 284.3 billion and TL 188.9 billion as of 31 December 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. Additionally, as of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s market share in terms of total POS terminals 
amounted to 13.69%. The Bank’s number of POS terminals was a total of 1,217 thousand as of 30 September 
2023, compared to a total of 1,135 thousand, 967 thousand and 788 thousand as of 31 December 2022, 2021 
and 2020, respectively. 
Developing its relationships with merchants is a key priority for the Bank. The Bank’s large POS network 
enhances the Bank’s retail transactions volume and provides added value to the Bank’s cardholders through 
the various campaigns, promotions and loyalty programmes offered through the POS network and 
participating merchants. 
In order to encourage customers to use the Bank’s cards and to attract merchants to enrol in the Bank’s World 
Platform, the Bank offers campaigns such as point rewards, discounts and other privileges to its customers. In 
order to digitalize the payment process between the Bank’s customers and merchants, the Bank enabled QR 
code payment at the physical POS allowing customers to make payments with their World Mobile or Yapı 
Kredi Mobile applications even if they do not have their bank card or credit card with them. 
 
New Launches 
In June 2021, the Bank launched “Yapı Kredi POS Cepte” mobile application, which enables merchants to use 
their own smartphone to receive payments from contactless cards and mobile wallets via QR code without the 
need for a physical POS device. The merchants are able to start receiving payments by downloading Yapı 
Kredi POS Cepte to their smartphones and tablets without any POS device installation. This feature is 
available on Android platforms. 
Yapı Kredi POS Cepte enables the digitalization of SMEs and micro businesses in addition to offering a better 
customer experience to the card holders.

--- Page 226 ---
207 
 
 
With recent developments in the regulatory landscape, Yapı Kredi POS Cepte has been upgraded with new 
features that will allow merchants to produce e-invoices for their POS Cepte transactions, which is one of the 
potential solutions for merchants to meet regulatory requirements. New features are expected to be up and 
running following the completion of an approval process ongoing with the Revenue Administration and POS 
Cepte will be a potential payment acceptance solution for a significantly larger set of merchants. 
 
In March 2022, the Bank launched “Dynamic Currency Conversion on POS” function, which enables foreign 
card holders make payments in their hometown currency. Bank’s POS offers DCC in 31 different currencies 
for Visa, Mastercard and JCB cards. 
 
In June 2023, the Bank launched “Yapı Kredi Pay by Link” payment solution, which enables merchants to use 
Corporate Internet Banking to securely collect payment for their business by creating a payment link without 
the need for a website, physical POS device, mail order or wire transfer. Pay by Link facilitates the seamless 
and immediate receipt of payments for merchants, even where their customers are not physically present. 
 
Yapı Kredi Pay by Link offers the capability to digitise corporates and SMEs, as well as micro businesses, 
thereby improving the overall cardholder experience.  
 
Yapı Kredi Pay by Link is a World Pay payment option which allows customers to complete payments 
without needing to enter card details. 
 
In March 2023, contactless credit and debit card acceptance started for Istanbul transportation transactions. 
The Bank is the first and only bank that accepts card payment for Istanbul transportation transactions.  
 
From September 2023, transaction receipts for the transactions made with Yapı Kredi cards at Yapı Kredi 
POS points are no longer available in printed form. Cardholders and merchants now use digital transaction 
copies via Internet and mobile banking channels. Introduction of the Digital slip is one of the most important 
steps taken by the Bank to contribute to the furtherance of sustainability.  
 
Individual Banking 
The Bank’s individual banking activities are organised under mass and blue class sub-segments to enable the 
Bank to differentiate its services and to provide the most suitable products to different customer groups. As of 
30 September 2023, the Bank provided individual banking services to approximately 12.2 million mass 
customers and approximately 485 thousand blue class customers, respectively.  
The Bank’s product offering to its individual customers includes a full range of payment products (credited 
regular school payment product, bill/games/betting payments), overdraft and deposit accounts (time deposit, 
demand deposit, flexible time deposit, fund deposit, gold deposit, 5D deposit and FX adjusted deposits), scrap 
gold collection, investment products, mortgages, auto loans, general purpose loans, home improvement loans, 
education loans, İlk Param, Kartopu, Foreign Exchange Saving and Gold Saving products, Smart Broker and 
Second Fund of Funds, as well as health insurance products. 
The Bank offers customers in its mass segment a wide variety of products and services through diverse 
delivery channels including branches and a variety of Limitless Banking channels such as internet and mobile 
banking portals, ATMs and call centres. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s loans and receivables in its 
mass segment comprised 82% of its total loans and receivables to its retail customers and the Bank’s deposits 
from customers in its mass segment comprised 49% of its total deposits from its retail customers. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s blue class customers were served by 497 relationship managers and a 
wide distribution network. In addition to the standard individual banking products offered to all individual 
customers, the Bank’s relationship managers for blue class customers have expertise in investment and 
mortgage products. Blue class customers also benefit from the Bank’s asset management and brokerage 
services. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s FX adjusted deposits in its blue class sub-segment comprised 
85% of its total FX adjusted deposits to its retail customers.

--- Page 227 ---
208 
 
 
Mortgages 
Mortgage loans are an important part of the retail banking business in the Turkish banking sector. As of 30 
September 2023, 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 mortgage loans amounted to 4.3%, 4.6%, 5.9% and 
7.4%, respectively, of aggregate loans in the Turkish banking sector, according to BRSA weekly data. 
The Group’s mortgage loan portfolio increased to TL 17,456,760 thousand as of 30 September 2023, 
compared to TL 13,847,534 thousand as of 31 December 2022, which had decreased from TL 13,991,806 
thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 11,213,004 thousand as of 31 December 2020.  
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s mortgage loans represented 2% of the Group’s total gross loans, 
compared to 2.1%, 3.1% and 3.5% as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  
The Bank’s mortgage loan strategy is based on providing service to customers through the Bank’s mortgage 
experts, developing dedicated branch and non-branch delivery channels and offering innovative mortgage 
products. The Bank’s mortgage experts provide customers with mortgage products and provide consultancy 
for all aspects of mortgages including financial, legal, technical and tax related issues at branches.  
The Bank has established a dedicated team within the mortgage department to work with real estate 
developers and improve the flow of new individual mortgage applications to the Bank. This programme has 
helped the Bank to strengthen its mortgage services through its relationships with real estate developers for 87 
projects and 1384 realtors. 
Payroll Services 
The Bank had 49,049 payroll companies and 5,488,265 payroll customers (including pensioner customers) as 
of 30 September 2023 as compared to 43,245 payroll companies and 4,799,368 payroll customers as of 31 
December 2022, 33,524 payroll companies and 3,122,921 payroll customers as of 31 December 2021 and 
30,787 payroll companies and 2,445,532 payroll customers as of 31 December 2020. The Bank has 
established limited service branches in the locations where its payroll services customers work in order to 
provide convenient service. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank enjoys a strategic strength in this 
area, which it intends to continue to develop and grow through cross selling of its products and services. In 
order to further increase its market share in this area, the Bank launched a salary customer strategy project in 
2013, led by consultant firm the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), which aims to develop a comprehensive 
payroll structure and growth strategy for the Bank. Payroll services have been an area of the Bank’s focus as 
part of its strategy to focus on small ticket, retail and demand deposits and create cross sale opportunities.  
Auto loans 
The Group’s auto loans (including both commercial instalment car loans and consumer car loans) comprised 
1.5%, 1.2%, 1.7% and 1.3% of the Group’s total gross loans as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 
December 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
The Bank has had an exclusive agreement with Ford Otosan since December 2007, which allows the Bank the 
exclusive right to provide FordFinans branded auto loans for Ford automobiles in Türkiye and allows 
customers to apply for an auto loan directly from a dealership through an online application system. In 2016, 
the Bank started to utilise individual and in 2018 commercial auto loans at Ford Otosan dealers through the 
online system. The agreement excludes heavy commercial vehicles, fleet sales and sales for car rental 
companies. 
Bancassurance 
In 2013, Allianz bancassurance partnership combined the Bank’s customer focused leading retail franchise 
with Allianz’s global experience in developing and managing insurance products. 
The Bank considers bancassurance an area with strong growth potential. As a bank with a significant retail 
market share the Bank has a large base of potential customers for both insurance and pension products. In 
2015, the Bank integrated all its bancassurance products to its core IT system, which is expected to boost sales 
via branches whilst facilitating digital channel insurance sales (including sales via internet banking, mobile 
banking and call centres. As a result of the integration, time to market duration for new product developments 
is expected to diminish and the system’s flexibility when adapting to new conditions is expected to increase.

--- Page 228 ---
209 
 
 
As the market initiator, the Bank offers its customers a life insurance bundle with credit via mobile banking. 
Online life insurance sales via mobile banking are a pioneer process for the bancassurance business in 
Türkiye.  
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had 33.9% market share in health insurance, 16.2% in life, 4.8% in P&C 
and 13.2% in pension among private banks. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
The private banking division serves the Bank’s high net worth and ultra-high net worth customers. The Bank’s 
wealth management services are carried out by its subsidiaries Yapı Kredi Invest and Yapı Kredi Asset 
Management, providing asset management and brokerage services to the Bank’s clients. 
Private Banking 
The Bank has a leading position in the private banking market in Türkiye both in terms of total asset size, 
which amounted to TL 270 billion as of 30 September 2023 (including equity balance), and distribution 
network, private banking centres, branches, as well as remote services. Customers with high personal financial 
assets are serviced by the Bank’s private banking division. The Bank considers a private banking customer to 
be active if they meet the active customer criteria (i.e., having actual funds on the account and carrying out 
any transaction) at least once and are assigned to a portfolio within the last 1.5 years. As of 30 September 
2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Bank had 12,186, 13,224, 16,003 and 20,035 
active private banking customers, respectively. 
As of 30 September 2023, private banking customers were served by 81 private banking relationship 
managers through 15 private banking centres/branches. Limitless Banking channels for the private banking 
segment also include a dedicated call centre team and a separate private banking web page on the Bank 
website. 
The total volume of deposits managed by the private banking business amounted to TL 108.4 billion as of 30 
September 2023, TL 82 billion as of 31 December 2022, TL 60.5 billion as of 31 December 2021 and TL 46.7 
billion as of 31 December 2020. In assets under management in the mutual fund business, the Bank had 
9.18%, 12.01%, 16.55% and 15.62% of the Turkish market, as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020, respectively, according to Rasyonet statistics. 
As of 30 September 2023, the private banking division provided a wide range of products and services, 
including 95 different types of mutual funds such as hedge funds, bonds and bill funds, variable funds, equity 
funds, fund of funds, a precious metals fund, a participation fund, a mixed fund and a money market fund. The 
Bank launched a new FX Hedge Fund which customers can invest in USD for a certain maturity to gain fixed 
return. The Bank uses customer relationship management (“CRM”) modelling tools in order to define eligible 
customers for different types of products such as securities, derivative products (forwards, futures and 
options), foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, insurance products, safe deposit boxes and e-banking 
services. The Bank also has affiliates and subsidiaries, which provide investment, advisory and portfolio 
management services. The Bank also offers various advisory services through different and specialised 
business partners such as Tax Advisory, Art Advisory, Inheritance Advisory, Real Estate Advisory, 
Philanthropy Advisory, and Educational Advisory. Private banking customers are also entitled to a number of 
services such as ATM cash withdrawals up to five-times the normal daily withdrawal limit, invitations to 
events and concerts, a dedicated call centre line, customised internet and mobile tablet banking services, 
24-hour emergency ambulance service and have access to seminars on pertinent issues relevant to their 
financial interests, including investments, financial markets and taxation and are kept informed on the 
economy and capital markets through daily emails. 
 
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım) 
Yapı Kredi Invest provides capital market products, brokerage, corporate finance, derivatives, leveraged 
foreign currency trading operations and investment advisory services to the individual and institutional clients 
inside and outside Türkiye.

--- Page 229 ---
210 
 
 
Yapı Kredi Invest has established one of the widest branch networks in Türkiye, with a presence in 13 cities in 
Türkiye. It has eight branches in İstanbul (Bakirkoy, Halic, Goztepe, Kozyatagi, Taksim, Trakya, Kartal and 
Maslak) and 14 branches in other cities (Adana, Ankara, Antalya, Baskent, Bursa, Denizli, Diyarbakir, 
Gaziantep, Izmir, Karsiyaka, Kayseri, Kocaeli, Konya and Samsun). 
As of 30 September 2023, Yapı Kredi Invest was the top domestic brokerage house for equity in Türkiye, with 
a 15.81% market share in the equity market and, as of 30 September 2023, Yapı Kredi Invest had a 25.23% 
market share in the derivatives market, each according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications. 
 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy) 
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, private pension 
funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio advisory and private fund 
establishment services. Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides services throughout the country through its 
head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network. It had 63 employees as of 30 September 2023. 
As of 30 September 2023 Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 35 mutual funds, 48 hedge funds, a venture 
capital fund and had total assets of approximately TL 124.7 billion. Its total market share for mutual and 
hedge funds stood at 9.17 % as of 30 September 2023.  
Yapı Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 18 private pension funds. It had 
approximately 12.03% market share of the pension fund market in Türkiye, with assets under management of 
approximately TL 80.6 billion as of 30 September 2023. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 377 customers as of 
30 September 2023, of which 47 were institutional and 330 were high income individual investors. Yapı Kredi 
Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio management services, excluding 
mutual funds, were approximately TL 764.5 billion as of 30 September 2023. 
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary portfolios, 
amounted to TL 207.4 billion as of 30 September 2023. 
Commercial and SME Banking  
As of September 2023, the Bank served its commercial clients via 44 branches and 319 relationship managers. 
Commercial customers are segmented mainly by the value of their annual turnover. Commercial customers 
are companies with an annual turnover of between TL 100 million to TL 2 billion, while companies with 
turnover of less than TL 100 million are considered to be part of the Bank’s SME segment. 
As of 30 September 2023, commercial and SME banking comprised 31% of the Bank’s cash loan portfolio, 
while deposits from commercial and SME banking comprised 26% of the Bank’s total deposits. 
The primary business lines in the commercial banking segment are working capital, financing, foreign trade 
finance, project finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities, cash 
management and e-banking services to mid-size and large commercial clients. 
Net operating income for the commercial and SME banking segment increased to TL 27,050,475 thousand for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023 from TL 7,622,685 thousand for the nine months ended 
30 September 2022. Non-interest income has been increased by 117% for the nine months ended 30 
September 2023 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2022. Cash loan volume increased by 22% 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2022 mainly 
driven by 27% growth in TL cash loan volumes. 
SMEs (corporate customers with an annual turnover of between TL 5 million to TL 100 million) are an 
important segment for the Bank. As of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, the Bank had over 483,364, 486,369, 415,126 and 310,521 SME clients, respectively. 
Customers are segmented based on their size and diverse financial needs. In 2023, (i) customers with an 
annual turnover between TL 5 million and TL 20 million are segmented as Small Enterprises, and (ii)

--- Page 230 ---
211 
 
 
customers with an annual turnover between TL 20 million and TL 100 million are segmented as Medium 
Enterprises. 
Customer acquisition activities are supported by Direct Sales Force (“DSF”) teams whose sole purpose is to 
acquire new customers and create sales leads.  
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s SME customers were served through a network of 1,059 dedicated 
relationship managers in the Bank’s branches, 113 DSFs in the Bank’s SME banking centres, and are 
encouraged to utilise the Bank’s Limitless Banking channels such as internet banking, Yapı Kredi Mobile, 
ATMs and operating out of call centres. The Bank also provides SME customers a similar range of products to 
those provided to corporate customers, as well as commercial purchasing cards specifically designed for 
SMEs.  
SMEs globally encounter difficulties to access the financial services they require. To address this issue, the 
CGF was established as a joint-stock company in accordance with Turkish Commercial Code in 1994. Its 
shareholders are banks, Small and Medium Industry Development Organization (“KOSGEB”) and The Union 
Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Türkiye. The CGF provides access to finance for SMEs that are not 
eligible for bank loans due to insufficient collateral, by acting as a joint guarantor. Although the CGF’s 
priority is to support SMEs, non-SMEs can also apply for CGF guarantees for certain programs. 
There are two types of evaluation systems for CGF guaranteed loans: 
 
Portfolio Limit System: The CGF evaluates the credit worthiness of SMEs through its 
own specialists in addition to the Bank’s process. In this system, in addition to the DGF’s 
evaluation, the Bank may ask the SME for more information; and 
 
Portfolio Guarantee System: In this system, the CGF does not take part in the 
decision making process. The CGF bases its evaluation on the credit worthiness rating done 
by the Bank and does not conduct any further evaluation. In this system, the Bank has 
complete autonomy to extend loans with a CGF guarantee. 
In addition, within the scope of the TurWib Program, which was launched last year, TL 469 million worth of 
support has been provided to women and companies that support women, with the resources provided by the 
EBRD. With this programme, women-owned companies are supported by the CGF with a business investment 
loan in 2023. 
As of 2023, exporters and potential export customers began to be supported by the Treasury and Equity 
guarantee support of the Export Development (IGE) institution. The IGE Equity package supported exporters 
and potential export customers with TL 2.6 billion loans and had an 80% guarantee rate in January 2023. In 
addition, with the HDI Treasury Program, exporters and potential export customers were supported with a 
loan of TL 216 million and a guarantee rate of 85% in September 2023. 
With the agreement made with Türkiye Exporters Assembly (TIM), exporters and potential export customers 
are supported with 0-24 months maturity. As of 30 September 2023, U.S.$36 million loans have been given 
from this loan programme. 
 
In 2022, the CGF provided EUR 15 million of funding support for the financing of Renewable Energy and 
Energy Efficiency Projects within the scope of the Green Growth Fund Program. EUR 8.5 million was 
disbursed from this fund in 2022. EUR 5.7 million was made available to customers within the scope of 
renewable energy and energy efficiency in 2023.  
In 2022, the Group received funding of U.S.$30 million from the TKYB, which the TKYB received from the 
Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, to finance the infrastructure and related sectors affected by COVID-19. 
In 2022, the Group also obtained U.S.$60 million with the support of TKYB and the World Bank to finance 
companies affected by COVID-19 through the “Emergency Company Support Project” programme.

--- Page 231 ---
212 
 
 
Corporate Banking 
As of September 2023, the Bank served its corporate clients via four branches and 32 relationship managers. 
Corporate customers are segmented mainly by the value of their groups’ consolidated annual turnover with 
more than TL 2 billion. E-commerce and payment system companies as well as financial institutions are 
segmented under Corporate Banking in order to give the Bank’s customers a tailor-made service. 
Segmentation criteria are designed to better address the needs of the Bank’s corporate clients by providing 
tailor-made services and products based on the company’s turnover, size, standing in the banking system and 
behaviour.  
As of 30 September 2023, corporate banking comprised 33.45% of the Bank’s cash loan portfolio, while 
deposits from corporate banking comprised 8.59% of the Bank’s total deposits. 
The Bank provides additional services to its corporate customers including working capital financing, foreign 
trade finance, project finance, a variety of domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as 
letters of credit and guarantees, cash management, investment banking and brokerage, factoring, leasing and 
insurance services. In addition, in non-cash loans, the Bank provides both domestic and foreign currency 
facilities to its customers, principally comprising guarantees in relation to imports and letters of credit in 
respect of trade financing activities. 
Project Finance 
The Bank has been active in the provision of project finance loans and syndicated loans in Türkiye since 1999. 
As of September 2023, its project finance department (including the Bank’s sustainable finance team) 
comprised 18 staff members specialising in infrastructure, energy (mainly renewable), commercial real estate 
and acquisition projects. 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2023, the Bank had underwritten TL 2,503 million (U.S.$ 91 
million) of project finance loans, compared to approximately TL 7,060 million (U.S.$377.5 million) for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, to approximately TL 1,316 million (U.S.$102 million) for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and to approximately TL 1,165 million (U.S.$158.7 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2020. The maturity of project finance loans are typically up to 15 years, with a maximum grace period of four 
years.  
Global Transaction Banking 
The product range of the global transaction banking department covers traditional products in addition to 
structured products, which are customised for client needs.  
The cash management and trade finance teams have product development and sales departments which serve 
the Turkish Lira and foreign currency cash flow needs of the Bank’s clients. As of 30 September 2023, the 
sales team’s 31 staff were divided among the head office, eleven commercial regions, twenty two retail 
regions, three corporate branches and one international branch in order to provide support and keep close 
contact with both clients and branches. The sales team also focuses its coverage on the digitalisation of the 
clients, the network and the complete product range.  
The Bank maintains its leading position in cheque clearing between private banks (according to Takasbank 
statistics as of 30 September 2023), with a market share of approximately 10.6% and maintained its strong 
industry position with 11.5% in import flows and 16% in export flows (according to the Turkish Statistical 
Institute as of 30 September 2023). In the nine month period ended 30 September 2023, the number of clients 
utilizing the Bank’s cash management and trade finance products is more than 325,321. 
 
Cash Management 
The Bank has further strengthened its market leading e-banking position, with particular high turnover 
performance in direct debit and the BANKOTM-OHES bulk payment system, while maintaining its leading 
position in traditional collection systems such as domestic cheque clearing in the Takasbank. The Bank’s cash 
management services include a broad variety of products, including all countywide collection and payment 
services, cash transfer services, electronic banking and operational services. In addition, the Bank offers a

--- Page 232 ---
213 
 
 
variety of data integration and reconciliation solutions related to its products. In the nine months ended 30 
September 2023, the Bank’s bulk payment transactions increased by 10% to 24 million as compared to the 
same period of 2022.  
 
Trade Finance 
The Bank provides a variety of support services and payment management mechanisms to Turkish companies 
engaging in international trade transactions. These include advance payments, letters of credit (sight, deferred 
and acceptance), cash against documents, cash against goods, standby letters of credit, guarantees, export 
financing (pre- and post-shipment), forfaiting and export credit insurance and transferable letters of credit. In 
addition to traditional import and export products, the Bank offers its customers innovative and alternative 
foreign trade products, digital services and structured solutions. 
The Bank has created a special team that is responsible for expanding its structured trade and export finance 
business through export credit agencies and export-import banks of other countries, as well as originating 
short-term and long-term financing through correspondent banks for the investment and working capital needs 
of the clients. 
International Banking 
The Bank was one of the first Turkish banks to establish correspondent banking relationships and to undertake 
foreign business. The relationship management function for foreign financial institutions for the Bank is 
conducted by the Financial Institutions team. The Financial Institutions team also carries out functions 
including the following: 
 
provides presentations and insight on developments on the Bank and the Turkish economic and political 
environment to correspondent banks; 
 
discusses new products with correspondent banks and implements them within the Bank, in collaboration 
with the Trade Finance department, in order to gain access to new markets and improve service quality; 
 
engages in the international marketing of the Bank and its products; 
 
analyses the financial situation of banks and applies for credit lines on their behalf; and 
 
arranges long-term structured borrowings in accordance with the Bank’s projected borrowing needs. 
Treasury 
The Bank’s treasury department consists of five major groups: Fixed Income Securities, Money Markets and 
Balance Sheet Management, Foreign Exchange and Derivatives, ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring, 
and Treasury Marketing. It manages the Bank’s on-going liquidity needs, interest rate risks and foreign 
exchange rates and controls its proprietary investment portfolio. 
Fixed Income Securities 
The Fixed Income group is primarily in charge of managing the Bank’s local and foreign currency fixed 
income portfolios. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank was one of the 11 primary dealers accepted by the 
Ministry of Treasury and Finance in Türkiye. The Fixed Income group also manages local and foreign 
currency deposits. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s securities portfolio amounted to 24% of its total 
assets. For a discussion of the Bank’s securities portfolio, see “Management’s Discussion and Analyses of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—
Marketable Securities Portfolio”.  
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had a 2.70% market share in securities trading on the Borsa Istanbul 
compared with 8.62% as of 31 December 2022, 8.30% as of 31 December 2021 and 11.02% as of 31 
December 2020, according to the Borsa Istanbul.

--- Page 233 ---
214 
 
 
Money Market & Balance Sheet Management and Foreign Exchange & Derivatives 
This group is primarily involved in asset and liability management activities, interbank money market 
transactions and foreign exchange trading, including derivatives. For the nine months ended 30 September 
2023, the Bank’s trading volume was U.S.$284 billion, compared to U.S.$336 billion for the year ended 
31 December 2022, U.S.$373 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 and U.S.$496 billion for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. The Bank’s interbank foreign exchange trade volume was approximately U.S.$124 
billion for the nine months ended 30 September 2023, U.S.$151 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
U.S.$145 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 and U.S.$186 billion for the year ended 31 December 
2020. Foreign exchange volume for client transactions denominated against the Turkish Lira was U.S.$45 
billion in the nine months ended 30 September 2023, U.S.$59 billion in the year ended 2022, U.S.$56 billion 
in the year ended 2021 and U.S.$51 billion in the year ended 31 December 2020. As of 30 September 2023, 
the Bank also held 12.16%, 2.51% and 0.14% market shares (customer transactions against the Turkish Lira) 
in the domestic spot trading, forward and swap markets, respectively. 
This group is also responsible for stabilising the interest income on the balance sheet and creating necessary 
funding for targeted asset growth purposes. 
ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring 
The ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring group is primarily responsible for monitoring the treasury 
department’s performance and activities. This group also assists other groups within the treasury department 
with introducing new products. 
Treasury Marketing 
The Treasury Marketing group is the contact point for large scale corporate, commercial and private 
customers. The group advises and assists customers with managing risk exposures and hedging opportunities. 
The group completed transactions worth approximately U.S.$27 billion for customers in the nine months 
ended 30 September 2023, U.S.$51 billion in the year ended 2022, U.S.$51 billion for customers in the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and U.S.$55 billion for customers in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Distribution Network 
The Bank offers its banking products and services through an extensive distribution network, which includes 
branches as well as advanced Limitless Banking channels such as ATMs, call centres, internet banking and 
mobile banking. 
Branches 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank had 796 branches (including one branch in Bahrain, but excluding its 
international presence through the Group’s overseas subsidiaries; the Group had 832 branches including its 
international presence). While the Bank’s branch network covers all regions in Türkiye, most of the branches 
are in the largest cities, with 69% of the Bank’s branches being located in the ten largest cities (including 
Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and Adana) as of 30 September 2023. According to BRSA 
statistics, the Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Türkiye as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 
2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 in terms of branches was 9.5%, 9.5%, 9.5% and 9.6%, 
respectively, compared to 8.3%, 8.3%, 8.2% and 8.4%, across Türkiye as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 
2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. The Bank has a number of different types of 
branches, including standard, satellite and mobile, which provide customers with a wide range of services. As 
of 30 September 2023, 91% of the Bank’s branches were retail related, demonstrating the retail market 
orientation of the Bank. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s corporate commercial branch network consisted 
of 47 branches and the Bank’s private banking network comprised 15 private banking centres.  
Limitless Banking Channels 
The Bank uses three main Limitless Banking channels: ATMs, Digital Banking and a 24 hour call centre, all 
of which rely upon the Bank’s information technology platform. These channels allow customers to access 
services 24 hours a day and seven days a week. The cost of processing transactions through Limitless Banking 
channels is lower than processing them through branches. Therefore the Bank encourages its customers to

--- Page 234 ---
215 
 
 
utilise ADCs by offering promotions and reduced fees in return for customers using these channels instead of 
the branches. As of 30 September 2023, the Bank handled 98.3% of all its transactions through non-branch 
channels and the remaining 1.7% through branches. Of the 91.9% handled through Limitless Banking 
channels, 19.7% were via ATMs, 72.1% via Digital Banking (composing internet and mobile banking), 0.1% 
via its four call centres and the remaining 6.4% via other channels including post office and centralised 
automated transaction channels.  
ATMs 
As of September 2023, the Bank had the fifth largest ATM network in Türkiye, with 4,892 ATMs and nearly 
8.7 million ATM users. As of the same date, 94.6% of the cash transactions of the Bank was performed at the 
ATMs. The Bank continues to grow its ATM network throughout Türkiye.  
All of the Bank’s ATMs are full function ATMs with cash deposit and cash withdrawal functionality.  At the 
beginning of the 2005, ‘Recycle ATMs’ (where the banknotes deposited can be also used for withdrawal) 
were deployed in order to reduce the bank’s operational cost and to optimize the efficiency of its ATM 
Network. As of September 2023, 94.3% of the Bank’s ATMs were Recycle ATMs. 
The Bank has positioned its ATMs channel to complement its digital channel. As of September 2023, 
approximately 90.4% of ATM customers are also active digital customers. To improve digital convergence, in 
addition to cash withdrawal, cash deposit, cash advance and cash advance with installment via QR code for 
individual customers, the Bank also implemented cash withdrawal and cash deposit via QR code transactions 
for corporate customers. The Bank continues to be a pioneer in this sector. Thus, digital banking customers 
who prefer ATMs for cash transactions can easily withdraw or deposit in TL, USD or EUR currencies via QR 
Code and use cash advance and cash advance with installment without using a card and without touching the 
ATM. The Bank will continue to increase the number of transactions performed via QR Codes. As of 
September 2023, one out of every four cash withdrawal transactions were made via QR code.  
In addition to being the most frequently visited high volume transaction processing channel, the Bank 
continued its focus on sales offers at ATMs. For instance, general purpose loan and flexible account are being 
offered from the Bank’s ATMs in order to meet customers’ cash needs instantly. In the nine months ended 30 
September 2023 over 6.7 million products were sold from the Bank’s ATMs. 
Digital Banking 
As of 30 September 2023, digital banking had 11.6 million individual customers and over 1.2 thousand 
corporate and commercial customers. On the mobile banking side, the Bank had 12.5 million active mobile 
banking customers including 12 million “Individual Mobile Banking” customers and over 530 thousand 
“Corporate Mobile Banking” customers. The Bank’s number of active digital banking customers has increased 
16% from September 2022 to September 2023. The number of mobile banking active customers has increased 
17% from September 2022 to September 2023. The share of non-cash transactions executed through digital 
banking as a percentage of all non-cash transactions had increased to 99.1% as of 30 September 2023. The 
Bank has experienced increasing numbers of transactions and transaction volumes in recent years, mainly due 
to higher internet penetration rates globally and in Türkiye, and significant marketing of the Bank’s internet 
banking services. As of 30 September 2023, 84.3% of general purposes loans (“GPL”) sales were made via 
digital banking channels. Digital banking services are currently provided through internet banking and mobile 
banking applications. The Bank’s Yapı Kredi Mobile application is available to all customers and its World 
Mobile application is available for card customers. In 2021, the Bank also launched POS Cepte (POS in the 
Pocket in English) which is available for merchants. Mobile banking applications can be installed on mobile 
devices through mobile application markets or by visiting yukle.yapikredi.com for Yapı Kredi Mobile and 
yapikredi.com.tr/worldmobil for World Mobile. 
In 2020, The Bank redesigned its Yapı Kredi Mobile application interface with updated design principles to be 
more convenient. The Bank’s mobile banking applications have been downloaded 14.8 million times in 2023 
as of September 2023. 
The Bank launched “digital onboarding via video assistants” on its mobile banking app, as a first in Türkiye. 
Users can easily and quickly become a Yapı Kredi customer without having to visit a branch by downloading 
the Yapı Kredi Mobile app on mobile phones and contacting the “Video Assistants”. The digital onboarding

--- Page 235 ---
216 
 
 
feature is available on both iOS and Android platforms. Individual users and commercial users have both 
joined the Bank as new customers entirely through this digital means as of August 2023.  
The Bank has launched various digital payment solutions. Users can have a seamless and contactless payment 
experience without a physical card thanks to World PAY. The Bank provides customers several payment 
methods to serve different customer needs which are Host Card Emulation based NFC payment, payment via 
QR code, in-car payment and online shopping loan integration with e-commerce companies. 
The Bank announced in December 2021 that it will take part in the “SWIFT Go” project jointly with SWIFT. 
SWIFT launched SWIFT Go in 2021 as a cross-border payment solution connecting institutions and bank 
accounts for lower value international payments.  The Bank intends to provide customers with access to 
SWIFT Go as an additional product to complement its other payment solutions. 
The Bank has launched “My Cash Flow” by which customers may easily transfer sums through the Corporate 
Internet Branch and Yapı Kredi Mobile, and follow and control their financial planning. My Cash Flow’s 
infrastructure is capable of predicting the Bank’s income and expense information and allows the user to 
manually enter collections and payments. In this way, users have full control over their cash flows. With the 
“Alarm” feature in My Cash Flow, commercial customers can receive notifications where they can monitor 
their total income and expenses, product-based cash flows and estimated balance on a daily, weekly or 
monthly basis, in their preferred time intervals. 
The Bank has launched “Mobile Approval”, by which wet-ink signatures will not be needed to apply for 
services. The motivation of the Bank behind launching this innovation was to reduce paper waste and to 
introduce Yapi Kredi Mobile to non-digital customers. Mobile Approval uses Yapi Kredi Mobile to process 
signatures. Thanks to Mobile Approval, customers are able to be approved from the comfort of their own 
mobile device. Also, in line with the Bank’s focus on designing end-to-end digital processes for customers, 
the Bank has designed an end-to-end digital experience for card customers. Starting with the card application, 
customers can follow every step of the journey digitally until they receive their card in the Yapi Kredi Mobile 
application. Having applied for a card, the customer can view the application status. Once the application is 
approved, the customer can follow the delivery process. After the card is received, the customer can set a 
password for the card. This feature enables customers to be in control and experience the journey all the way 
through. 
The Bank transformed Yapı Kredi Mobile into an app called “My World”, beginning with “My Car+” and 
adding this year “My Home+”, “My Bank+” (for other bank accounts) and “My Trips+”.  
The Bank launched “My Bank+ as an “open banking” product. By adding accounts of other banks to the 
Bank’s own application, customers can access the information and movements of their other accounts. 
Customers may view their demand deposits of other banks on the app and also make in-app payments from 
the account of another bank. 
The Bank’s customers can now see if a branch is busy or not on the Bank’s branch density map and book a 
prioritised appointment before visiting the branch. Furthermore, the “Don’t Panic Button” helps customers 
manage their cards anytime, anywhere via Yapı Kredi Mobile. With this feature, users can lock their card(s) 
temporarily for 24 hours and cancel their cards instantly. When customers lock their cards, they can still 
withdraw money via QR code or pay credit card bills.  
Additionally, the Bank launched a “Jet Transactions” menu to make transactions quicker and easier for users. 
Three main transactions of an ordinary user are moved to semi-secure area to create a more seamless 
experience. These transactions are cash transfer, cash withdrawal or deposit with QR code and World Pay. 
Furthermore, the Bank facilitates user identification with the help of NFC technology. Now, the Bank’s 
customers can contactlessly login to Yapı Kredi Mobile by approaching their credit card to the NFC reader 
field on the back of their phone and entering their card password.  
Aiming to be accessible to customers at any time or anywhere; the Bank has become the first in Türkiye to 
provide service via a verified corporate “WhatsApp” account.  This feature enables customers to instantly text 
their requests via their mobile devices and get prompt information about services and products they need. 
Depending on their needs, customers may be served by artificial intelligence-powered chat bot or live

--- Page 236 ---
217 
 
 
customer representatives.  The Bank’s chatbot service is also available on its corporate website and in 
facebook messenger 
With the “One Pin” integration, the Bank enables its customers to use their internet/mobile banking password 
on telephone banking as well. In addition, the Bank also enables its customers to approve loan agreements 
with their Yapı Kredi Mobile password without the need to sign documents in branches. 
The Bank launched the first smart keyboard for money transfer in Türkiye, and one of the first ones in the 
world. Yapı Kredi Banking Keyboard enables customers to switch from the standard keyboard in messaging 
applications to a smart keyboard for money transfers. It works on any instant messaging applications including 
but not limited to: Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Snapchat, Instagram, SMS. The Bank’s customers 
can also send money by voice or texting, via Siri and iMessage. 
To ensure secure internet connections, the Bank offers Smart Notification, which replaces one time password 
(“OTP”) that is sent through SMS. The Bank’s internet banking system provides 24-hour customer service 
through live chat, call centres and email enquiries. 
Moreover, the Bank focused on increasing the direct sales capability of digital channels as a way to ensure 
sustainable growth. The Bank offers branchless GPL product which provides customers with a convenient 
way to meet their financial needs as well as boosts bank revenues. Customers can apply for a loan on the 
internet and mobile banking and the approved credit amount is sent directly to customer’s account, even on 
weekends. It also provides access to more products such as flexible account, credit card application and life 
insurance sales on internet banking. The Bank has also e-Government Gateway integration which enables 
customers to make over 1,200 transactions related to public institutions with their internet banking password 
without needing any other credentials. 
The Bank utilises BehaviorPad, a behavioural targeting tool designed for proposing the most relevant offers to 
customers on yapikredi.com.tr. Furthermore, thanks to the Web Payment Center (a first in the banking sector), 
users can make bill payments even if they are not the Bank’s customers and can also pay MVT (motor vehicle 
tax) on yapikredi.com.tr. The Bank also provides an Application Center, which involves credit card, GPL, 
mortgage, SME loan, education loan and private pension functions. 
The Bank has recently started to provide “Auto Enrolment In Private Pension System” and offer this product 
both via Corporate Internet Banking and yapikredi.com.tr. 
The Bank also provides an alarm and reminder service (Smart Assistant) that notifies customers instantly via 
SMS, e-mail or push notification. 
Furthermore, the World Mobile app aims to digitalize card customers’ end-to-end shopping experience. World 
Mobil offers special discounts, loyalty points, instalments and postponement benefits to its wide network of 
more than 300,000 stores. In order to provide this experience, World Mobil presents its customers after 
shopping functions of reviewing earned benefits, several digital payment solutions such as QR and NFC 
payments and card management and control functions. 
Moreover, with POS Cepte, the mobile devices become POS Machine for merchant customers. They can 
receive payment with their Android mobile devices. Yapı Kredi POS Cepte also offers services such as 
registering the product, receiving payment by entering the amount, receiving payment by selecting the 
registered product, sending a transaction document to cardholder, tracking the sales transactions, return and 
cancellation transactions and selecting the personnel to be authorized. 
Customer Relations Centre 
The Bank’s Customer Relations Center has positioned itself to set the standards in this sector in Türkiye. The 
Bank’s award-winning call centre is one of the largest financial call centres in Türkiye in terms of agents and 
number of calls received. The call centre deals with a wide range of the Bank’s services including credit cards, 
merchants, retail, SME, corporate, commercial and private banking, serving both individual and corporate 
customers. As of 30 September 2023, the call centre had 2,172 active agents and 1,365 employees. In addition 
to being one of the most important service channels, the Bank’s contact centre has a significant role as a sales 
hub. In the nine months ended 30 September 2023, the contact centre carried out approximately 52.3 million 
contacts, 1.24 million (including 431 thousand cancelled) credit card retention calls, 807 thousand customers

--- Page 237 ---
218 
 
 
retained and 7.22 million product sales. Approximately 58% of the call centre activities are carried out via an 
interactive voice recognition system which allows self-service usage. 
Corporate Structure 
The following chart presents the corporate structure of the Bank, including the primary operating subsidiaries 
of the Bank and its shareholders as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Note: 
Percentages present the Bank’s direct and indirect shareholdings in five out of six subsidiaries (with the exception of Yapı Kredi Leasing, where the 
entire 99.99% shareholding is held directly). 
Subsidiaries 
Below is a description of the Bank’s primary operating subsidiaries. 
Domestic Subsidiaries  
Yapı Kredi Leasing 
Yapı Kredi Leasing was established in 1987 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is 99.99% owned by 
the Bank. Yapı Kredi Leasing has been listed on the Borsa Istanbul since 1994. However, in accordance with 
Article 25 of the ISE Listing Regulation and the CMB’s Principle Decision on De-Listing, dated 30 July 2010 
and numbered 22/675, Yapı Kredi Leasing was delisted following the second session of 20 July 2012. As of 
30 September 2023, Yapı Kredi Leasing had shareholders’ equity of TL 5.5 billion. As of 30 September 2023, 
Yapı Kredi Leasing had 131 employees. The key role of Yapı Kredi Leasing is to develop and provide 
customers with leasing products through the Bank’s wide branch network as well as 13 Yapı Kredi Leasing 
branches. 
Yapı Kredi Faktoring 
Yapı Kredi Faktoring was established in 1999 and is 99.96% owned by the Bank as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Yapı Kredi Faktoring provides factoring services in Türkiye via: its head office in Istanbul, 
branches in Beyoğlu, Güneşli, Kartal, Kadıköy, Trakya, Izmir, Ankara, Bursa, Antalya and Adana. The 
company had 131 employees as of 30 September 2023. Yapı Kredi Faktoring offers its customers monitoring 
and collection of short term domestic or international receivables from product or service sales, guarantees for 
receivables against payment defaults and flexible financing through early payment before the due date of the 
receivables. Yapı Kredi Faktoring is a member of Factors Chain International.  
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım) 
Yapı Kredi Invest was founded in 1989, and as a leading brokerage house in Türkiye, and provides capital 
market products, brokerage, corporate finance, derivatives, leveraged foreign currency trading operations and 
investment advisory services to the individual and institutional clients inside and outside Türkiye. 
Yapı Kredi Invest has established one of the widest branch networks in Türkiye, with a presence in 13 cities in 
Türkiye. It has eight branches in İstanbul (Bakirkoy, Halic, Goztepe, Kozyatagi, Taksim, Trakya, Kartal and 
Maslak) and 14 branches in other cities (Adana, Ankara, Antalya, Baskent, Bursa, Denizli, Diyarbakir, 
Gaziantep, Izmir, Karsiyaka, Kayseri, Kocaeli, Konya and Samsun). 
Yapı Kredi Invest ranked first among brokerage houses for equity in Türkiye, with a 15.81% market share of 
the equity market as of 30 September 2023, compared to 16.71%, 14.11% and 13.75% as of 31 December 
2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications. As of 30 September 2023, 
Yapı Kredi Invest generated a 25.23% market share in the derivatives market among brokerage houses,

--- Page 238 ---
219 
 
 
compared to 23.60%, 22.24% and 17.77%, as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, according 
to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy) 
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, private pension 
funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio advisory and private fund 
establishment services. Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides services throughout the country through its 
head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network. It had 63 employees as of 30 September 2023. 
As of 30 September 2023 Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 35 mutual funds, 48 hedge funds and had 
total assets of approximately TL 124.7 billion. Its total market share for mutual and hedge funds stood at 
9.17% as of 30 September 2023.  
Yapı Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 18 private pension funds. It had 
approximately 12.03% market share of the pension fund market in Türkiye, with assets under management of 
approximately TL 80.6 billion as of 30 September 2023. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 377 customers as of 
30 September 2023, of which 47 were institutional and 330 were high income individual investors. Yapı Kredi 
Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio management services, excluding 
mutual funds, were approximately TL 764.5 billion as of 30 September 2023. 
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary portfolios, 
amounted to TL 207.4 billion as of 30 September 2023. 
Yapı Kredi Teknoloji 
Yapı Kredi Technology was founded in 2015 as a wholly-owned technology subsidiary of Yapı Kredi to offer 
innovative, creative and high value-added products and solutions in the finance sector. The company is 
located in İstanbul Technical University ARI Technopark. The company’s research and development activities 
mainly concentrate on two areas: 
 
Artificial intelligence (machine learning, natural language processing, data mining); and 
 
Mobile software development (on iOS and Android platforms). 
International Subsidiaries 
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland 
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, is active in the Netherlands and 
subject to the supervision of De Nederlandsche Bank (the “Dutch Central Bank”) as well as the Netherlands 
Authority for the Financial Markets. The bank was established in May 1996 and changed its name from 
Koçbank Nederland N.V. to Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. upon acquiring the latter in 2007. The bank 
operates through its head office in Amsterdam and offers a wide range of retail, corporate and private banking 
services.  
As a commercial bank, the primary focus of Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. is corporate banking. In this 
area, the bank provides various services such as working capital loans, project finance, Islamic finance (the 
bank arranges Murabaha transactions, an Islamic financing structure whereby the Bank buys a commodity that 
represents the object of the transaction and sells it to a beneficiary, at a margin of profit over cost) and 
investment services (bridge finance, investment loans, and others). On the retail banking side, Yapı Kredi 
Bank Nederland N.V. continues to provide services such as savings accounts and deposits. The bank provides 
savings and deposit products to approximately 15,000 active retail and corporate customers in the Dutch 
market as of 30 September 2023.

--- Page 239 ---
220 
 
 
As of 30 September 2023, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. were U.S.$ 2.7 billion. 
Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan 
Koçbank Azerbaijan was established as a joint venture between Koçbank (80%) and the IFC (20%) in 2000. 
In 2006, KFS became the sole owner acquiring IFC’s share. Since early 2007, following the merger of Yapı 
Kredi and Koçbank, the Bank has continued functioning under the “Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan” brand. Yapı 
Kredi Bank Azerbaijan provides retail and corporate banking services to its customers, including loans, 
deposits, project finance, domestic and international money transfers, trade finance, equity market and 
securities transactions, credit card transactions, safe deposit box and travel cheques. As of 30 September 2023, 
Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan operated through 7 branches, one central customer office, plus one satellite 
branch, it had 279 employees and 6,332 corporate customers, 12,050 SME customers and 255,841 retail 
customers, 27 ATMs and 2,104 POS terminals. In September 2012, Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan also 
launched credit card sales alongside its retail operations. As of 30 September 2023, the total assets of Yapı 
Kredi Bank Azerbaijan were U.S.$ 282 million. 
Associates 
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A. 
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A. (“BCP”) is a Swiss bank established in 1963 and is 30.67% 
owned by the Bank. BCP has been an affiliate of the Bank since 1996. BCP operates in the areas of trade 
finance, wealth management, treasury services, and correspondent banking. As of October 2022, Fitch Ratings 
reaffirmed BCP’s Long-Term Issuer Default Rating at 'BBB-' with a Stable Outlook and the bank's Viability 
Rating at ‘BBB-’. Headquartered in Geneva, the bank also operates through its branches in Luxembourg and 
Dubai. 
Yapı Kredi Insurance (Yapı Kredi Sigorta) and Yapı Kredi Pension (Yapı Kredi Emeklilik) 
The Group agreed to sell its non-life and life insurance businesses to Allianz and to establish a 15-year 
strategic distribution partnership for non-life insurance, life insurance and pension products in Türkiye. 
Following regulatory approvals, the transaction was finalised on 12 July 2013.  
As the first component of this transaction, the Group sold its 93.94% stake in Yapı Kredi Insurance, including 
Yapı Kredi Pension, to Allianz for total cash consideration of TL 1,790 million (of which TL 1,410 million 
will accrue to the Bank). As the second component of the transaction, the Group then bought back and 
retained a total 19.93% stake in Yapı Kredi Pension for cash consideration of TL 188 million in order to 
benefit from the expected strong growth in the life insurance and pension business in Türkiye.  
As the third component of the transaction, the Group also entered into the 15-year bancassurance agreement 
with Allianz for the marketing and distribution of non-life insurance, life insurance and pension products 
through the Group’s retail network and other alternative delivery channels. The partnership combines the 
Group’s customer-focused leading retail franchise in Türkiye with Allianz’s global experience and leadership 
in developing and managing insurance products. Throughout the duration of the Bancassurance Agreement, 
the Bank is to receive a commission flow for the distribution services as well as a profit share from its life 
insurance sales. 
Competition 
In recent years, the banking sector has become increasingly important to the Turkish economy and foreign 
banks have continued to be involved in the sector. 
According to the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 September 2023, there were a total of 55 banks 
licensed to operate in Türkiye excluding six participation banks. According to BRSA, as of 30 June 2023, the 
five largest banks in Türkiye held approximately 64% of the banking sector’s aggregate loan portfolio and 
approximately 61% of aggregate banking sector assets in Türkiye. Among the 10 largest banks, there are three 
state owned banks: Ziraat (ranked first), Halkbank (ranked third) and Vakıfbank (ranked second), which 
constituted approximately 41% of the total banking sector assets as of 30 June 2023. Foreign banks have 
shown a continued interest in the banking sector in Türkiye in recent years. Foreign banks such as BNP

--- Page 240 ---
221 
 
 
Paribas, Burgan Bank, Emirates NBD, ING, Qatar National Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar, Commercial 
Bank of China and Odeabank all have interests in Turkish banks.  
According to BRSA statistics, as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Bank’s 
market share in loans, deposits and assets were as follows: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(%)
Loans..............................................
7.6
8.2
8.3
8.1
Deposits .........................................
7.5
8.0
8.1
7.7
Assets.............................................
8.1
8.4
8.7
8.1
____________ 
Source: Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Agency (BRSA) 
As of 30 September 2023, according to an analysis of BRSA statistics conducted by the Turkish Banking 
Association, the Bank was the fourth largest private bank in Türkiye by total assets. According to BRSA 
statistics, as of 30 September 2023, the Bank ranked third among private banks in terms of cash and non-cash 
loans (including letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 16.6% market share, and had a 
market share of 17.7% in consumer loans (ranking fourth) including mortgages, general purpose and auto 
loans, 14.2% in commercial instalment loans (ranking second) and 14.2% in company loans (ranking fourth). 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank’s market share in total deposits among private banks was 14.4% 
(compared to 15.1% as of 31 December 2022, 14.3% as of 31 December 2021 and 14.2% as of 31 December 
2020) according to BRSA statistics. 
As of 30 June 2023, the Bank’s market share in total cash loans among private banks was 15.4% (compared 
with a market share of 16.1% as of 31 December 2022, 16.2% as of 31 December 2021 and 16.1% as of 31 
December 2020) according to BRSA statistics. The Bank ranked fourth, with a revenue market share of 15.4% 
for the nine months ended 30 June 2023 according to BRSA statistics. The Bank’s management views Garanti 
Bank, Akbank and İşbank as the Bank’s main competitors. 
As of 30 June 2023, the Bank was a Turkish market leader in credit cards (19.4% market share in credit card 
outstanding volumes (ranking second) according to BRSA statistics, 34.5% market share in credit card issuing 
volumes (ranking second) and 20.0% market share in number of credit cards (ranking first), according to the 
Interbank Card Centre data). As of 30 June 2023, the Bank has strong positions in asset management (ranked 
third, with a 11.7% market share according to Rasyonet). As of 30 June 2023, the Bank was ranked third 
among private banks with a 19.4% market share in non-cash loans according to the BRSA statistics. 
Employees 
As of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group had 
16,537, 16,339, 16,313 and 16,871 employees, respectively, of whom 15,584, 15,431, 15,452 and 16,037, 
respectively, were employees of the Bank. The following table sets out the number of employees of the Group 
and the Bank as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Bank.........................................
15,584 
15,431 
15,452 
16,037 
Head office and operations.......
8,038
8,007
7,636
7,797
Branches...................................
7,546
7,424
7,816
8,240
Subsidiaries..............................
953 
908 
861 
834 
Total Group............................
16,537 
16,339 
16,313 
16,871 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has a qualified workforce with appropriate educational 
backgrounds. All employees are trained in customer-oriented service principles and are considered competent 
in technical banking applications. Women represented 62% of total employees, and the proportion of 
university graduates was 89% as of 30 September 2023. As part of the Bank’s training strategy, the Bank 
employs new graduates and prepares them within the institutional culture for managerial positions. 
Within the Bank, there are unionised employees, for whom a collective bargaining agreement (the “CBA”) 
applies, in addition to Turkish labour laws and the Bank’s personnel regulations, which apply to all of the 
Bank’s employees. In total, 9,034 of the Bank’s employees were members of the Union, amounting to 58% of 
all employees as of 30 September 2023.

--- Page 241 ---
222 
 
 
With respect to Union employees, the Bank’s management and Union officials meet regularly to exchange 
information on working conditions. The Bank and the Union agree and sign new protocols to the CBA every 
two years and the latest agreement covers the period from 1 April 2023 to 31 December 2024. The Bank also 
provides additional benefits to its employees including a group retirement plan, health insurance and welfare 
fund. 
The total number of the Group’s employees increased to 16,537 as of 30 September 2023, as compared to 
16,339 as of 31 December 2022. The main driver of the increase in the total number of employees in the head 
office (especially in the IT department) was the Bank’s continued trend towards digitalisation. 
Information Technologies 
The Group maintains its information technologies and operations infrastructure in order to support its growing 
business and minimise operational risk and business interruption. The Bank operates a 2,000 square meter 
information technology centre in Gebze, Kocaeli (43 kilometres from Istanbul), which deals with all of the 
Bank’s technology functions and initiatives. The fully operational information technology centre provides 
services to the Bank’s headquarters, branches and customers. The Bank has developed much of its software 
in-house, including its internet banking software, through its software development department. 
 
The Group has developed and implemented procedures for emergency system and data restoration and 
maintains a separate disaster recovery centre in Ankara, which has been in place since 1998. The disaster 
recovery site contains all key applications, such as Core Banking, Internet Banking, Workflow Systems, 
Credit Cards Systems, ATMs, EFT, SWIFT and Treasury. Data is transferred online as defined in Disaster 
Recovery Procedures. The Group maintains a remote online real time disaster recovery system, which is 
operated when the main production system or main data centre is not available. The Group can transfer 
operations and re-route data lines through the disaster recovery system within 30 minutes. The disaster 
recovery centre is tested on a bi-annual basis. This has enabled the Bank to be in full compliance with Basel 
III requirements for systems and data. 
 
In 2011, the Group decided to increase information technology (“IT”) capacity to enable better service to the 
business. The IT project development capacity has been increased by 50% from 2011 to 2014 and by 2023 IT 
capacity reached to 2,040 people. 
 
The Bank completed 255 IT projects in 2020, 324 in 2021, and 404 in 2022. For 2023, over 500 projects were 
initiated. 
 
Within the scope of the Bank’s business continuity plan, the Bank began studying its back-up infrastructure 
relating to Treasury applications in September 2020 and successfully completed the project by the end of 
2021. With this project; the Bank confirmed that its infrastructure withstands to any potential business 
interruptions or failure of its Treasury applications.  
 
Ongoing programmes 
 
Fintech Company Programme. Within the scope of this programme, the Bank aims to establish a new 
mobile application with functions of digital asset custody, digital asset trading and stock investment and 
crypto functions. For this purpose, a financial technology (“Fintech”) subsidiary focused on trading, 
investment and crypto was established within the Bank. The Bank aims to serve to expand its individual 
customer base by targeting unbanked and underserved populations. With the mobile application the Bank 
is developing, the Bank will be able to offer its customers stocks in local and international markets, 
various investment funds and instruments suitable for customer’s risk appetite and trade, securely invest 
and store digital assets. The programme started in August 2022 and POC activities for digital asset 
custody were completed as of October 2023. The digital asset custody has a projected go-live date in the 
fourth quarter of 2024.  
 
Open Banking Programme has two major goals. The primary goal is to cover the regulatory 
requirements established by the CBRT and the BRSA (the “Regulatory Goal”). A secondary goal is to 
address the business requirements which will be crucial for the traditional banks adopting to the open 
banking environment (the “Business Goal”). The Banking as a Serivce (the “BaaS”) project started in

--- Page 242 ---
223 
 
 
September 2023 and is one of the newest trends in the banking sector. With BaaS, banks collaborate with 
non-bank institutions to serve their banking products via non-bank platforms. On the customer side, BaaS 
enables banks to serve their customers by fulfilling their financial needs in a secure and personalised 
manner despite not operating on the banking platform. In this way, BaaS offers a promising market 
opportunity for the banking ecosystem. The Bank heavily focuses on banking as a service model. 
Following clarification of legislation regarding BaaS in Türkiye, the Bank took the first step to open their 
first product in BaaS to its customers in 2024, developing its product range and partners. The Bank 
positions their partners as new channels to reach customers depending on need. The programme started in 
January 2021 and for the Regulatory Goal, software development was completed at the end of 2022 with 
respect to the CBRT, as expected. The programme will continue until mid-2024. 
 
The Customer Focus Programme aims to make the necessary arrangements to increase the Bank’s Net 
Promoter Score (“NPS”), a measurement of customer experience, and to increase customer loyalty.  
Under the programme, the Bank aims to establish healthy feedback loops to improve its NPS score.  The 
Bank intents to establish a committee at the Bank to directly interact with customers in an “inner loop”, 
through for instance carefully designed questionnaires for customer feedback and monitoring of the level 
and frequency of customer interaction.  The committee will coordinate within the Bank to reach decisions 
based on customer feedback in order to address issues and concerns from customers in an “outer loop.” 
NPSs will be used to measure customer satisfaction and the impact of the feedback loop. In this way, the 
Bank aims to identify the causes of customer dissatisfaction and begin effort to improve customer 
experience. The programme started in January 2021 and will continue until the end of 2023.   
 
Commercial Digitalization Programme aims to diversify the channels that the corporate customers use, 
to facilitate self-service product sales, to increase access to digital channels and product sales through 
digital channels and to develop remote service models. The programme started in November 2020 and 
will continue until the end of March 2024. 
 
Digital Onboarding Programme (the “DOB”) aims to complete the end-to-end digital customer 
acquisition by arranging the existing digital onboarding process within the framework of new regulations, 
to design a customizable structure for product sales, and to start the acquistion of merchants (as 
individuals) and sole proprietorships (what the Bank refers to as "205 and 210 type customers”). The 
programme started in January 2021, and the Bank aims to complete the programme in December 2024. 
 
Next Generation Banking Architecture Programme has two major goals for the bank. The primary 
goal is to increase scalability and availability of online banking applications with on-premises cloud. A 
secondary goal is to convert applications to modular micro-services architecture (Application 
Modernization). The programme started in June 2020 and is expected to complete in the fourth quarter of 
2025. Currently all Limitless Banking channel transactions are performed through cloud based 
infrastructures. For application modernization workstream, 50% of the finalcial applications have been 
transformed to microservices architecture, overall programme completion ratio is 64%. 
 
The Growth Hacking Programme is a continuation of the Conversion Design Programme. It aims to 
increase sales through digital channels, to maximize the efficiency of digital sales actions, and present the 
right offer to the right customer in real time with the best experience. The programme started in March 
2023. The scope of the Growth Hacking Programme was created by adding new demands alongside 
demands receieved from the backlog of the Conversion Design Programme. These requests are taken 
forward according to the order of priority during the Dynamic Planning Periods.  
 
Salary Programme - Phase 2 The aim and purpose of the Salary Programme is to increase the customer 
profitability by reviewing the processes of salary customers, salary companies and retired customers. The 
programme started in May 2023, and will be completed in May 2025. 
Property 
The Group owns or leases premises for its head office, branches and operations centres. As of 30 September 
2023, the Group’s fixed assets (comprising land, land improvements, buildings, computer hardware and other 
fixed assets) had a total net book value of TL 11,604,726 thousand (U.S.$423,891 thousand) or 0.69% of the 
Bank’s total assets. The Group owns its headquarters buildings in Istanbul and its operations centre in Gebze. 
As of 30 September 2023, the Bank owned approximately 18% of its branches and the rest were leased.

--- Page 243 ---
224 
 
 
Insurance 
The Group maintains insurance policies with levels of coverage it deems necessary given the nature of its 
business. The Group’s fixed assets, cash in transit and cash in hand are covered by general insurance 
arrangements covering normal risks. The Bank generally requires that real property assets owned by 
borrowers which form part of the collateral for loans the Bank makes are insured. The Bank does not have any 
credit risk insurance in relation to defaults by its customers as this type of insurance is generally not available 
in Türkiye. The Group maintains insurance on its properties, including its head office and branches and 
personal property, with respect to such risks, including earthquakes and terrorist attacks, and in such amounts 
as the Group deems appropriate. 
Legal Proceedings 
From time to time, in the ordinary course of its business, the Group is party to legal proceedings, both as a 
plaintiff and a defendant. There are no legal proceedings pending, or to the Group’s knowledge threatened, 
that may materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. As of 
30 September 2023, the Group recognised a provision of TL 312,996 million in respect of legal proceedings. 
On 12 December 2019, the Ministry of Treasury and Finance Insurance General Directorate imposed an 
administrative penalty on the Bank for violations of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 5684 and other 
relevant legislative provisions. According to the first paragraph of Article 24 of the Regulation on Insurance 
Agencies, the Bank was warned that its insurance brokerage activity may be temporarily suspended for up to 
six months. Following an evaluation of the Bank’s public disclosures of the subject within the framework of 
Article 29 of the regulations on the principles and procedures of the insurance and private pension sectors 
regarding supervision and control, an administrative penalty of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank on 
24 January 2020. An administrative penalty of TL 140,328,638 was paid on 6 February 2020 in accordance 
with Article 17/6 of the Misdemeanours Law No. 5326, by using the 25% advance payment discount.

--- Page 244 ---
225 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Internal Audit Department 
The Bank’s internal audit department reports to the Audit Committee and utilises a risk-oriented approach to 
assess credit risk, operational and IT risk, and market risk, including within the Bank’s subsidiaries. The 
department also performs investigations.  
The Group’s retail branches are audited based on the analysis of certain risk indicators, with between a one- 
and four-year audit cycle based on risk classifications. Moreover, the risk trends of each branch are monitored 
quarterly through key risk indicators. A 12-month audit cycle is applied to the Corporate and Private Banking 
branches, and an 18-month audit cycle is applied to the Commercial branches.   
The Head Office departments are audited based on the risk assessments, whilst also considering the requests 
of a shareholder, governing bodies, top management and regulators. The audit period for the Head Office 
departments may vary from between one to five years in accordance with the results of the risk assessments. 
Regular branch and process audits are scheduled based on an annual audit plan which is submitted to the 
Board of Directors for approval. In addition, significant internal audit results are submitted to the Board of 
Directors at least four times a year through the Audit Committee. 
In addition, the BRSA requires a “Management Assertion” study of Banking processes and IT systems to be 
completed by the Internal Audit Department annually. The latest Management Assertion study was completed 
as of 31 December 2021 and the Board of Directors was informed of the results. 
Risk Management Department 
The Bank’s risk management department functions independently from its commercial operations. With the 
Credit Committee and the Asset and Liability Management function of the Executive Committee, the Risk 
Management department is an integral part of ensuring the Bank’s compliance with the Banking Law, with 
respect to measuring, monitoring and managing the credit market and operational risks concerning the Bank’s 
portfolio. 
The basic functions of the Risk Management department are to measure and manage risks in a manner 
consistent with the Bank’s risk appetite. The department is also responsible for: (a) maximising returns on 
invested capital and maintaining sustainable profit growth, (b) monitoring trends in risk exposures and 
communicating irregularities to senior management, (c) monitoring asset and liability profiles to allow the 
Bank to take rebalancing actions on a timely basis, (d) defining the risk structures of products, processes and 
services, (e) measuring the credit risk of the Bank’s portfolio via rating models, and (f) ensuring the Bank’s 
compliance with the Banking Law. 
As of 30 September 2023, the risk management department had 106 employees. The main organisational 
segments of the department are Credit Risk Strategy, Modelling and Reporting, Risk Validation and Market 
Risk Management.  
Credit Risk Strategies, Modelling and Reporting 
Risk control involves the following key roles and responsibilities in the Bank: (a) defining the optimum 
composition of the overall loan portfolio and identifying risk positions within legal and Group limitations, 
(b) preparing credit risk budget in line with the Bank’s risk appetite and lending targets, (c) monitoring the 
evolution of credit risk for all segments (including by industry, type and sector), (d) preparing and presenting 
strategic credit risk related reports to the senior management (including the evolution of loan provisioning and 
comparison with peer banks), (e) calculating cost of risk and related provisions by segments to assess the 
underlying risk of the loan portfolio and maintain asset quality, (f) preparing ICAAP, stress test and RRP, and 
(g) providing support to the Bank’s subsidiaries whilst simultaneously coordinating their functions, with the 
aim of achieving loan portfolio with the best credit-worthiness possible as well as ensuring the proper 
implementation of their credit, credit risk cost and budgeting processes. This includes the preparation of action 
plans for such subsidiaries in order to align implementation processes across the Group. 
The other responsibilities are the following: (a) measuring the credit risk of portfolios by developing 
Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”) and Loss Given Default (“LGD”) models, which

--- Page 245 ---
226 
 
 
are used to compute the Expected Loss (“EL”) of a subject if it were to default, (b) defining the business 
specifications of all information technology tools used throughout the credit processes and the information 
technology systems where information about credit risk is kept (e.g. limits, risks, collaterals, credit risk 
datamarts in the DataWarehouse), (c) evaluating new credit products and changes to existing credit products, 
(d) leading credit risk related Basel internal ratings-based (“IRB”) preparations at a Group level in 
anticipation of approaches by the BRSA, (e) establishing, monitoring and coordinating studies related to 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process and economic capital calculations, (f) managing and 
monitoring rule sets used in corporate, commercial, SME and retail portfolios for underwriting, monitoring 
and collection purposes, and (g) making economic calculations for the credit portfolio. 
The operational side of the Risk Management department encompasses responsibility for the following tasks: 
(a) defining the Group’s operational risk policy covering IT risks, (b) issuing guidelines for the measuring, 
evaluation and management of operational risks and IT risks, and ensuring correct implementation both at 
Bank and subsidiary levels, (c) developing and regularly updating the operational risk measuring and 
monitoring systems and models at Group level, (d) measuring and monitoring operational risks and IT risks at 
Group level, (e) carrying out “second level controls” for operational risks and IT risks at Group level, 
(f) ensuring compliance with Basel II in the area of operational risk, (g) managing the Business Continuity 
Plan of the Bank with particular responsibility for assuring the establishment and maintenance of the plan, and 
controlling and coordinating the various entities involved in the process, (h) preparing action plans for 
operational risk mitigation and coordinating the implementation of such plans, (i) taking into account the 
significance of reputational risk and consequently setting and ensuring implementation of policies and 
strategies, which are assessed, quantified and managed with the overall intention of minimising such 
complications, and (j) establishing and reviewing the support services risk management programme and 
giving risk opinion for support service procurement requests. 
Lending Policy 
Lending Limits 
The BRSA defines large exposure as an exposure exceeding 10% of the Bank’s capital base in light of BRSA 
credit conversion factors. The Bank’s total exposure to a single company or group cannot exceed 25% of the 
Bank’s capital base. Total exposure to a risk group (which includes Koç Holding) cannot exceed 20% of the 
Bank’s capital base. The total of the Bank’s large exposures cannot exceed the Bank’s capital base by more 
than eight times. To date, the Bank has never exceeded these ratios. Further description of the applicable 
regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Lending Limits” in this Base 
Prospectus. 
According to the Bank’s credit policy each individual sector should not exceed a targeted level of 10% of total 
loan portfolio. Currently, the only industrial sectors that exceed this internal limitation are the energy sector 
and the construction sector (including infrastructure, real estate and construction), including non-cash lending. 
These sectors also include various sub sectors, such as the commercial real estate finance sub sector, as well as 
various loan types, such as project finance loans that are supported by legal commitments and collateral from 
the treasury and public institutions, which sub subsectors and loan types constitute a significant share of these 
sectors. 
Limit Structure 
Since 2015, in respect of corporate and commercial clients, the Bank’s credit underwriting divides commercial 
credit products into five risk categories: cash, payment guarantee, other non-cash, cash management and 
derivative. 
Approval Authorities 
In general, the lowest level of authoritative personnel for credit approval is the branch manager for corporate 
and commercial loans. Up to certain thresholds, there is no involvement of credit departments at either branch 
or regional level. 
For corporate and commercial banking, above the level of the Regional Manager, the credit department has 
authority to review and approve any credit decisions. If the credit department’s decision is negative, the credit 
proposal may be passed up to an authority one level further above.

--- Page 246 ---
227 
 
 
The corporate and commercial banking credit department is authorised to approve loans above U.S.$250,000 
or above the adjusted limit (after taking rating and product coefficients into account capped with a nominal 
limit of U.S.$500,000). There is no sales authority for SME and Medium Enterprises (“ME”) customers. 
There is no sales authority for business banking and SME/ME underwriting. The business banking credit 
underwriting department has authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those which are automated. 
The Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to TL 750,000. In the case of 
vehicle loans, the maximum limit is TL 750,000. For all other loans, the maximum limit is TL 300,000 and the 
underwriting policy is applied. 
For the SME, ME, commercial and international and multinational banking customers, the corporate & 
commercial credit underwriting department is organised into twenty-three regions (eight in Istanbul and 15 in 
Anatolia) and in the Bank’s head office. The rating system, as well as the results from internal and external 
inquiries, are among the major parameters for credit decisions in underwriting. Relevant external and internal 
information is gathered and fed into the underwriting tools automatically. New and existing clients with bad 
ratings are evaluated manually by credit underwriting department for SME customers whereas clients with 
ratings that meet certain thresholds are approved automatically by the system in SME and ME segments. 
There is no automatic approval or rejection for corporate & commercial customers. 
Higher Credit and/or Reputation Risk Loans 
Certain types of transactions entail a higher credit and/or reputation risk for the Bank and are therefore either 
discouraged or require a higher level of approval. The Bank applies higher levels of approval and a prudent 
approach towards loans in other sectors, such as media, health and arms and weapons dealings. 
Corporate and Commercial Lending 
Corporate and commercial underwriting is performed by three units: the corporate credit underwriting section, 
the commercial credit underwriting section and the specialised credit underwriting section. The Bank’s 
corporate customers are companies or groups with annual turnover of greater than TL 2 billion, as well as e-
commerce and payment system companies and financial institutions. Commercial customers are companies 
with an annual turnover of between TL 100 million to TL 2 billion, while corporate customers are companies 
with an annual turnover of more than TL 2 billion. Companies with turnover of less than TL 25 million are 
considered to be part of the Bank’s SME segment. The commercial credit underwriting section has both 
regional and head office organisation. Head office underwriting has three sections: the corporate credit 
underwriting section, the commercial credit underwriting section and the project finance credit underwriting 
section. The specialised credit and corporate credit teams are located in the head office. There are 23 
underwriting regions (eight in Istanbul and 15 in Anatolia) in addition to the Bank’s head office. The project 
finance credit team analyses the credit requests for energy (hydro, wind, solar, thermal, biomass, distribution 
etc.), real estate (shopping centres or mixed type projects), shipping (ship construction and ship operation) and 
mergers and acquisitions. 
SME and ME lending is performed within the corporate & commercial credit department. The SME and ME 
segments consists of companies having turnover between U.S.$200,000 to U.S.$3.2 million and total bank 
exposure between U.S.$60,000 and U.S.$1.2 million.  
Retail Lending 
Retail underwriting utilises scorecards, decision trees and rule sets to evaluate the creditworthiness of 
applications. Once the data entry for credit card and individual loan applications is performed, inquiries to 
external sources (including the credit bureau and the Central Bank) and internal data sources (including 
customer information file and product performance) are run. Retail application scores are calculated through a 
computerised system. Once the inquiries are completed, the data is sent to the decision engine, where decision 
trees, data methods, and rule sets are checked and the final decision is provided.  
Maximum loan to value (“LTV”) ratios for home loans of private individuals are determined according to 
BRSA regulations as demonstrated in the following tables:  
The consumer, his/her spouse and children under the age of 
18 don't have any residential title deed records 
 
The consumer, his/her spouse and children under the age of 
18 have at least one residential title deed record

--- Page 247 ---
228 
 
 
LTV ratios for first-hand home loans 
LTV ratios for first-hand home loans 
  
Energy Class 
  
Energy Class 
Expertise Value of the house 
A
B
Other
Expertise Value of the house
A
B
Other
Between 0-5 milllion TL 
90%
85%
80%
Between 0-5 milllion TL 
22.5%
21.25%
20%
Between 5-10 milllion TL 
80%
75%
70%
Between 5-10 milllion TL 
20%
18.75%
17.5%
Between 10-20 milllion TL 
70%
65%
60%
Between 10-20 milllion TL 
17.75%
16.25%
15%
Over 20 milllion TL 
60%
55%
50%
Over 20 milllion TL 
15%
13.75%
12.5%
LTV ratios for second-hand home loans 
LTV ratios for second-hand home loans 
  
Energy Class 
  
Energy Class 
Expertise Value of the house 
A 
B 
Other 
Expertise Value of the house
A 
B 
Other 
Between 0-1 milllion TL 
90%
90%
90%
Between 0-1 milllion TL 
22.5%
22.5%
22.5%
Between 1-2 milllion TL 
70%
65%
60%
Between 1-2 milllion TL 
17.5%
16.25%
15%
Between 2-5 milllion TL 
60%
55%
50%
Between 2-5 milllion TL 
15%
13.75%
12.5%
Between 5-10 milllion TL 
3 mil TL
2.75 mil TL
2.5 mil TL
Between 5-10 milllion TL 
750KTL
687.500 TL
625K TL
Over 10 milllion TL 
0%
0%
0%
  
Over 10 milllion TL 
0%
0%
0%
 
Maximum LTV ratios for car loans for private individuals are 70% if the invoice amount is equal or smaller 
than 400,000 TL, 50% for invoice amounts between 400,000 TL and 800,000 TL, 30% for invoice amounts 
between 800,000 TL and 1,200,000 TL and 20% for invoice amounts between 1,200,000 TL and 2,000,000 
TL. LTV ratio is 0% for invoice amounts over 2,000,000 TL.  
The LTV ratio applicable to working premises loans is 50%.  
Credit card limits are calculated as twice the monthly net income of the customer for the first year. For the 
second and subsequent years, credit limits are calculated as four times the monthly net income of the 
customer. 
The Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to TL 300,000. For all other loans 
about which the system cannot make a credit decision, the underwriting policy is applied.  
There is no sales authority for business banking. The business banking credit underwriting department has 
authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those which are automated.  
Rating Models 
For corporate and commercial clients, internal application rating models integrated within the underwriting 
process assign a probability of default to each borrower. The model is composed of various customer 
segments, including construction, production, trade, and services, as well as modules that encompass 
information domains. These domains include central bank data, balance sheet data, negative intelligence data, 
and Yapı Kredi behaviour data (including information on limit/risk utilization and delinquency statistics). The 
categories stated above involve the quantitative side of the model; however, a module for the qualitative 
portion of assessment is also used.  
Though independently rated, all four segments have been unified to establish a master rating system consisting 
of 23 different ratings.  
The behavioural scorecards are rating models that are aimed at measuring the creditworthiness of existing 
clients. The behavioural scorecard for corporate and commercial clients was updated in May 2023. The model 
has the same structure (segments and module) as the application model.  
For SME portfolios, the behavioral scorecard was updated in January 2023. The model has the same model 
segments as the application model; however, the variables of behaviour and application models are different 
from each other.  
The outcomes of rating models reflect the riskiness of each rated customer/credit, and generic provisions are 
set aside in accordance with each performing client’s/credit’s rating. These differentiated evaluation 
methodologies and processes are based on market segments and give the Bank the ability to measure, manage 
and monitor credit risk in a more accurate way.

--- Page 248 ---
229 
 
 
Loan Loss Provisioning Policy 
For purposes of loss provisioning the loans are divided into five groups. 
 
1st group: Includes standard loans and other receivables, reimbursement of which has been made 
within the specified periods or for which no reimbursement problems are expected in the future, and 
which can be fully collected. No deterioration in the credit risk of the debtor has been observed. 
 
2nd group: Includes closely monitored loans and other receivables with respect to which there is no 
problem at present but which the Bank believes should be more closely monitored for reasons such as 
decreasing solvency or cash flow problems of the debtor, significant financial risk carried by the 
debtor, or more generally for which capital sum and interest repayments are likely to fail and the 
persistence of such problems might result in partial or full non-payment risk. 
 
3rd group: Includes loans and other receivables with limited collection ability. These include loans 
with respect to which the collection of the principal sum and/or interest has been delayed for more 
than 90 days but less than 180 days from the due date. 
 
4th group: Includes doubtful loans and other receivables with respect to which the collection of the 
principal and/or interest has been delayed for more than 180 days but less than one year from the due 
date. 
 
5th group: Includes loans and other receivables, which are considered as a loss. These include loans 
that are deemed to be uncollectable, or where collection of principal and/or interest has been delayed 
by one year or more from the due date. 
Starting from 1 January 2018, the Bank’s classification of financial assets (especially in loans and receviables) 
and calculation of provisions changed according to TFRS 9.  
In accordance with TFRS 9, the Bank’s loan loss provisioning policy was replaced by the expected credit loss 
(“ECL”) model. ECL estimates are required to be unbiased, probability-weighted, and should include 
supportable information about past events, current conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
The ECL should reflect multiple macroeconomic scenarios and include the time value of money. The ECL 
model applies to all on-balance financial assets accounted for at amortized cost and fair value through other 
comprehensinve income (“FVOCI”) such as loans and debt securities, as well as to off-balance items such as 
certain loan commitments, financial guarantees, and undrawn revolving credit facilities. 
 
These financial assets are divided into three categories depending on the gradual increase in credit risk 
observed since their initial recognition. Impairment shall be recognized on outstanding amounts in each 
category, as follows: 
 
 
Stage 1: For financial assets at initial recognition or which do not have a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition. Impairment for credit risk is recorded on the basis of 12-month expected 
credit losses. 
 
Stage 2: In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the financial asset 
will be transferred to this category. Impairment for credit risk will be determined on the basis of the 
instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
Stage 3: Includes financial assets which have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date. 
For these assets, lifetime ECLs are recognized and interest revenue is calculated on the net carrying 
amount. 
Risk Validation 
The risk validation department is responsible for a second level control of all data, model, process and 
strategies used in the Bank’s risk Management procedures. In addition to risk management, there are several 
tasks performed by the Bank’s finance departments and treasury, for which the Bank’s risk validation team is 
also responsible.

--- Page 249 ---
230 
 
 
These risk validation activities are carried out by 3 different sub-departments. 
Regulatory Risk Validation 
The regulatory risk validation sub-department is responsible for any model involved in risk management, 
which is subject to national standards and regulations. End-to-end validations are performed focusing on data, 
modelling and processes.  The fields which are subject to validation, are validated at least once a year to track 
against any possible deterioration. 
Fields subject to validation are: 
 
IRB models: PD, EAD and LGD; 
 
TFRS9 models: PD, EAD, LGD, Transfer Logic (measures significant increase in Credit Risk), 
Discounted Cash Flow (Individual Assessment Process), Prepayment Model (estimates probability of 
loans being paid before due date), Overdue (estimates amount of additional interest cost in case 
customer becomes delinquent), Behavioural Maturity (estimates maturity for non-deterministic 
products); and 
 
risk-weighted assets (RWA) process. 
Strategic Risk Validation 
The strategic risk validation sub-department is responsible for the validation of all data, models, processes and 
strategies used in the Bank’s risk management and the scope of which is not clearly defined by national 
standards and regulations, and for the validation of internal transfer pricing calculated by the treasury. Fields 
subject to validation are: 
 
all managerial models used in decision support systems; 
 
underwriting, collection and monitoring strategies; 
 
market risk and counterparty credit risk; 
 
fair value of treasury product; 
 
internal pricing model; and 
 
value at risk model for Yapı Kredi Portföy. 
Rating Models Risk Validation 
The rating models risk validation sub-department is responsible for the validation of all data, models and 
processes related to the Bank’s internal capital adequacy assessment process (“ICAAP”) and models, which is 
used by the Bank’s marketing department. 
Fields subject to validation are: 
 
ICAAP and stress tests; 
 
Macroeconomic variables; 
 
operational risk; 
 
specialized lending; and 
 
marketing models. 
Exposure to Credit Risk 
The top 20 clients of the Bank mainly include leading conglomerates and state owned enterprises in Türkiye. 
As of 30 September 2023 the share of the top 20 companies in terms of the total gross loans to companies 
amounted to 14.3%. The Bank has not experienced any deterioration in the credit quality of these clients.

--- Page 250 ---
231 
 
 
Market Risk  
As part of a financial group, the Bank is constantly exposed to interest rate, liquidity and foreign exchange 
risks. The Bank’s market risk policy provides for guidelines with respect to the market risk management and 
binding limit structure and defines roles and responsibilities of the various teams involved. Market risk is 
managed based on the treatment of the Bank’s banking and trading books. The banking book consists of all 
assets and liabilities arising from commercial activities, and is sensitive to interest rate and foreign exchange 
movements. The trading book includes positions held for trading, client servicing purposes or keeping the 
Bank’s market making status. 
The Bank’s trading activity is realised on foreign exchange, securities and derivatives, which are tolerated 
within predefined limits. Risk limits are set in terms of end-of-day and intra-day position basis, as well as VaR 
monitored on a daily basis. Monitoring of trading activity is performed daily through reports prepared by the 
market Risk Management department, which show VaR positions and stop-loss limits, in addition to 
back-testing profit and loss figures. Foreign exchange position risk compared to the pre-defined limits are also 
monitored in terms of end of day and intraday position basis. These reports are then sent to the Bank’s 
executive management and the Treasury department.  
The banking book’s interest rate risk is measured daily on basis point sensitivity and monthly through the 
economic value perspective. The economic value sensitivity method calculates the potential change in fair 
value of the Bank’s interest rate positions resulting from a parallel upward or downward shift of the yield 
curve. This interest rate fluctuation is to be maintained within 20% of the Bank’s shareholders equity. Interest 
rate swaps are utilised to mitigate the banking book interest rate risk resulting from the maturity mismatch. 
The Bank monitors liquidity risk daily, paying particular attention to keeping enough cash and cash equivalent 
instruments to fund increases in assets, unexpected decreases in liabilities, as well as meeting legal 
requirements, while optimising the cost of carrying any excess liquidity. The liquidity policy provides 
guidelines to quantify the liquidity position and achieve a sound balance between profitability and liquidity 
needs. Liquidity risk limits are set both for short term and structural long term liquidity positions. The Bank 
has its own liquidity contingency plan on liquidity management. Moreover, the Bank maintains the majority 
of its securities portfolio as marketable, thus facilitating access to repo market as and when short liquidity is 
needed. 
The Bank’s derivative instruments are limited to financial instruments such as forwards, swaps, futures and 
options in foreign exchange and capital markets. These transactions are considered effective economic hedges 
under the Group’s management policies. 
As part of its market risk management, the Bank undertakes various hedging strategies. The Bank also enters 
into interest rate swaps to match the interest rate risk associated with the fixed rate long-term loans. 
Fair value hedges 
From 1 March 2009 through 11 April 2023, when the underlying instrument matured, the Bank hedged the 
possible fair value effects of changes in market interest rates on part of its fixed interest Turkish Lira mortgage 
and car loan portfolios, as well as changes in foreign exchange rates on part of its foreign currency borrowed 
denominated funds, using cross currency rate swaps. The net carrying value of hedging instruments as of 30 
September 2023 was nil following maturity of the instrument on 11 April 2023 and amounted to liabilities of 
TL 1,380,313 thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 988,874 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 
620,019 thousand as of 31 December 2020. As of maturity of the instrument on 11 April 2023, the mark to 
market difference of the hedging instruments since the inception date of the hedge relationship was a loss of 
TL (12,725) thousand compared with a gain of TL 23,015 thousand as of 31 December 2022, a loss of TL 
10,081 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and a loss of TL 22,056 thousand as of 31 December 2020. As of 
maturity of the instrument on 11 April 2023, the fair value difference of the hedged item was TL nil thousand 
compared with TL (10,461) thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 12,554 thousand as of 31 December 2021 
and TL 2,473 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
Their changes in fair value amounted to a decrease of TL 23,015 thousand as of 31 December 2022, a 
decrease of TL 10,081 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and a decrease of TL 22,056 thousand as of 31 
December 2020.

--- Page 251 ---
232 
 
 
Cash flow hedges 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2023 and the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, gains 
of TL 161,953 thousand, TL 358,721 thousand, TL 228,112 thousand and TL 211,163 thousand, respectively, 
were recognised in the statement of income due to the ineffectiveness of cash flow hedges, 
As of the 30 September 2023 and the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, net gains and losses 
arising from cash flow hedges recognised under equity, net of reclassification to statement of income and net 
of tax, were TL (546,128) thousand, TL 3,046,675 thousand, TL 3,309,704 thousand and TL 485,963 
thousand respectively. 
Net investment hedges 
The Group hedges part of the currency translation risk of net investments in foreign operations through 
currency borrowings. 
The Group’s euro denominated borrowing is designated as a hedge of the net investment in certain of the 
Group’s euro denominated subsidiaries. The total amount of borrowing designated as a hedge of the net 
investment as of 30 September 2023 was €513 million compared to €469 million as of 31 December 2022, 
€495 million as of 31 December 2021 and €471 million as of 31 December 2020. 
Stress tests 
Stress tests provide an indication of the potential size of the losses that could arise in extreme conditions. The 
stress tests carried out by risk management, also indicated in the market risk policy of the Group, include 
foreign exchange and interest rate stress testing, where stress movements are applied to the foreign exchange 
position and to the banking book. The results of the stress tests are reviewed by the Asset and Liability 
Management function within the Executive Committee. Following the implementation of the Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process by the local regulator in Türkiye, the Bank also calculates bank-wide stress 
tests. 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange exposure is the result of the mismatch of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities 
(including foreign currency indexed ones) together with exposures resulting from off-balance sheet foreign 
exchange derivative instruments. The Group takes on exposure to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing 
foreign currency exchange rates on its financial position and cash flows. The limits are set by the Board on the 
level of exposure in aggregate for both overnight and intra-day positions, which are monitored on a daily 
basis. The Bank performs periodic stress tests on foreign currency. 
Interest rate risk 
Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to 
changes in market interest rates. Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument 
will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates. The Group is exposed to the effects of fluctuation in the 
prevailing levels of market interest rates in both its fair value and cash flow risks. Interest rate risk limits are 
set in terms of a total economic value sensitivity limit. Legal interest rate risk in the banking book is 
performed according to a scenario of plus 500 bps and minus 400 bps shift in Turkish Lira yield curve and 
plus 200 bps and minus 200bps shift in foreign exchange yield curve. The resulting profit/loss should not 
exceed 20% of the Bank’s Capital. Moreover, the BPV is applied for the banking book. The BPV limit 
restricts maximum interest rate risk position by currency and time buckets with valuation changes being based 
on an interest rate change of 0.01%. 
In 2009 the Bank started to hedge a portion of its interest rate risk between its medium- and long-term fixed 
rate Turkish Lira loans (such as mortgages) and its Turkish Lira deposits, which have a relatively short 
maturity when compared to the Bank’s assets. The Bank hedged this exposure by creating fixed rate 
medium/long-term Turkish Lira funding via cross currency interest rate swap contracts (U.S. dollars against 
Turkish Lira) and interest rate swaps.

--- Page 252 ---
233 
 
 
The tables below set out the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk as of 30 September 2023, 31 December 
2022, 2021 and 2020 in TL thousands. The tables include the Group’s assets and liabilities in carrying 
amounts classified in terms of periods remaining to contractual repricing dates. 
 
As of 30 September 2023 
 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Türkiye ............
741,087 
— 
— 
— 
— 
272,357,819 
273,098,906 
Banks .................................................................
9,726,694  
3,535,538  
8,155,782  
— 
— 
25,299,820  
46,717,834  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss ...........................................................
454,759  
— 
21,783  
172,480  
308,880  
1,036,579  
1,994,481  
Receivables from money markets  ......................
1,795,237  
4,187,963  
— 
— 
— 
— 
5,983,200  
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive income 
statement ............................................................
5,800,829  
11,642,127  
33,395,997  
12,802,080  
29,771,541  
196,658  
93,609,232  
Loans .................................................................
218,312,007  
162,295,914  
255,589,187  
153,282,827  
49,932,021  
(13,698,615) 
825,713,341  
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .......
2,791,949  
15,238,727  
113,330,824  
60,524,505  
98,069,015  
— 
289,955,020  
Other assets ........................................................
1,263,182  
6,371,484 
3,282,576 
8,796,211  
6,369,289  
115,236,865 
141,319,607  
Total assets .......................................................
240,885,744 
203,271,753
413,776,149
235,578,103 
184,450,746 
400,429,126
1,678,391,621 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits .....................................................
10,374,864 
3,339,950 
7,808,032 
47,854 
—
1,259,889 
22,830,589 
Other deposits ....................................................
334,218,164 
161,975,790 
53,715,068 
7,850,650 
540,411 
425,783,758 
984,083,841 
Funds from money market .................................
59,436,227 
6,066,653 
10,093,311 
— 
— 
— 
75,596,191 
Miscellaneous payables ......................................
 — 
—
—
—
— 
57,449,447 
57,449,447 
Marketable securities issued ...............................
2,280,374 
19,661,427 
22,967,729 
15,619,373 
13,741,898 
—
74,270,801 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions..........................................................
11,936,695 
69,821,617 
40,092,987 
12,741,217 
1,122,347 
—
135,714,863 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ...........
2,384,565 
80,016,218 
20,837,011 
16,746,136 
5,174,259 
203,287,700 
328,445,889 
Total liabilities ..................................................
420,630,889 
340,881,655 
155,514,138 
53,005,230 
20,578,915 
687,780,794 
1,678,391,621 
Balance sheet long position ..............................
— 
— 
258,262,011 
182,572,873 
163,871,831 
— 
604,706,715 
Balance sheet short position ............................
(179,745,145) 
(137,609,902) 
— 
— 
— 
(287,351,668) 
(604,706,715) 
Off-balance sheet long position ..........................
1,620,012 
14,581,183 
13,329,322 
— 
— 
— 
29,530,517 
Off-balance sheet short position .........................
— 
— 
— 
(15,287,271) 
(14,022,617) 
— 
(29,309,888) 
Total position ....................................................
(178,125,133) 
(123,028,719) 
271,591,333 
167,285,602 
149,849,214 
(287,351,668) 
220,629 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Türkiye .......
3,265,724
—
—
—
—
149,565,179
152,830,903
Banks..................................................................
6,922,595 
3,499,070 
6,116,267 
—
—
23,307,085 
39,845,017 
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss..
—
5,558 
20,156 
127,463 
212,054 
1,905,664 
2,270,895 
Money market placements .................................. 
2,514,757 
—
—
—
—
—
2,514,757 
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive 
income...........................................................
10,492,500 
18,750,666 
20,417,815 
13,157,038 
15,477,650 
175,822 
78,471,491 
Loans ..................................................................
127,298,709 
124,350,642 
214,577,219 
139,524,656 
33,200,507 
(14,762,220)
624,189,513 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost........
47,543,781 
21,551,302 
13,817,909 
29,743,940 
56,169,325 
—
168,826,257 
Other assets.........................................................
1,520,613 
4,716,818 
4,082,287 
8,477,949 
4,050,277 
92,470,237 
115,318,181 
Total assets ........................................................
199,558,679 
172,874,056 
259,031,653 
191,031,046 
109,109,813 
252,661,767 
1,184,267,014 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits......................................................
2,616,742 
2,582,968 
3,914,800 
47,571 
—
1,325,315 
10,487,396 
Other deposits ..................................................... 
262,675,306 
116,779,884 
25,435,248 
4,850,599 
338,428 
284,928,578 
695,008,043 
Funds from money market ..................................
34,804,618 
5,490,412 
—
—
—
 —- 
40,295,030 
Miscellaneous payables.......................................
—
—
—
—
—
44,512,534 
44,512,534 
Marketable securities issued................................
2,984,364 
21,691,053 
24,675,391 
—
—
—
49,350,808 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions.....................................................
25,875,731 
25,283,522 
29,910,175 
12,116,997 
929,973 
—
94,116,398 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ............
13,392,296 
39,117,426 
10,264,520 
25,282,464 
3,614,406 
158,825,693 
250,496,805 
Total liabilities...................................................
342,349,057 
210,945,265 
94,200,134 
42,297,631 
4,882,807 
489,592,120 
1,184,267,014 
Balance sheet long position...............................
—
—
164,831,519 
148,733,415 
104,227,006 
—
417,791,940 
Balance sheet short position ............................. 
(142,790,378)
(38,071,209)
—
—
—
(236,930,353)
(417,791,940)
Off-balance sheet long position...........................
21,885,861
41,542,366
—
—
—
—
63,428,227
Off-balance sheet short position..........................
—
—
(18,909,027)
(33,696,216)
(10,384,551)
—
(62,989,794)
Total position.....................................................
(120,904,517)
3,471,157
145,922,492
115,037,199
93,842,455
(236,930,353)
438,433

--- Page 253 ---
234 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Türkiye .......
68,178,110
—
—
—
—
51,570,131
119,748,241
Banks..................................................................
8,309,675 
1,226,728 
4,062,073 
—
—
20,805,882 
34,404,358 
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss..
—
3,196
5,683 
58,396 
139,374 
595,005 
801,654
Money market placements .................................. 
1,809,366
—
—
—
—
—
1,809,366
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive income.
5,011,649 
8,514,144 
13,360,359 
3,718,284 
4,101,999 
91,075 
34,797,510 
Loans ..................................................................
61,116,734 
57,767,824 
158,844,116 
120,411,758 
25,989,739 
(10,244,006)
413,886,165 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost........
20,420,050 
11,074,959 
13,410,483 
11,672,177 
39,709,143 
 - 
96,286,812 
Other assets.........................................................
5,266,352 
9,049,186
3,703,985
5,739,253 
353,077 
54,974,947 
79,086,800 
Total assets ........................................................
170,111,936 
87,636,037
193,386,699
141,599,868 
70,293,332 
117,793,034 
780,820,906
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits......................................................
2,782,299 
823,611 
1,736,802 
11,573 
—
1,783,052 
7,137,337 
Other deposits.....................................................
189,198,407 
34,961,966 
8,447,559 
2,886,264 
276,996 
177,019,529 
412,790,721 
Funds from money market .................................. 
51,087,194 
3,766,361 
1,032,918 
—
—
 - 
55,886,473 
Miscellaneous payables.......................................
—
—
—
—
—
26,732,718 
26,732,718 
Marketable securities issued................................
3,359,088 
22,492,961 
15,724,962 
—
—
—
41,577,011 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions.....................................................
8,000,905 
38,075,477 
14,220,629 
10,249,753 
2,375,200 
—
72,921,964 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ............
5,132,873 
30,050,685
13,956,009 
31,854,517 
3,401,689 
79,378,909 
163,774,682
Total liabilities...................................................
259,560,766 
130,171,061
55,118,879 
45,002,107 
6,053,885 
284,914,208 
780,820,906
Balance sheet long position...............................
—
—
138,267,820
96,597,761
64,239,447
 - 
299,105,028
Balance sheet short position .............................
(89,448,830)
(42,535,024)
—
—
—
(167,121,174)
(299,105,028)
Off-balance sheet long position ........................... 
18,455,630
43,104,916
—
—
—
—
61,560,546
Off-balance sheet short position..........................
—
—
(6,524,939)
(44,274,928)
(8,012,207)
—
(58,812,074)
Total position.....................................................
(70,993,200)
569,892
131,742,881
52,322,833
56,227,240
(167,121,174)
2,748,472
 
As of 31 December 2020 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Türkiye .......
28,859,366 
—
—
—
—
28,823,188 
57,682,554 
Banks..................................................................
5,638,767
841,463
1,657,732
—
—
8,348,012
16,485,974
Financial assets at fair value through profit/loss..
83 
1,135 
737 
60,955 
212,848 
401,007 
676,765 
Money market placements ..................................
1,700,842 
—
—
—
—
—
1,700,842 
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive income.
2,867,745 
6,367,625 
8,600,443 
5,169,968 
2,006,501 
88,278 
25,100,560 
Loans ..................................................................
39,183,591 
41,780,555 
102,384,745 
97,513,234 
16,746,371 
(5,137,509)
292,470,987 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost........
12,386,591 
7,883,755 
8,203,299 
6,837,645 
17,716,934 
 - 
53,028,224 
Other assets.........................................................
1,052,295 
1,892,402 
1,959,220 
1,747,138 
148,102 
32,544,616 
39,343,773 
Total assets ........................................................ 
91,689,280
58,766,935
122,806,176
111,328,940
36,830,756
65,067,592
486,489,679
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits......................................................
4,448,885
14,026 
—
—
—
620,351
5,083,262 
Other deposits.....................................................
120,100,580
34,156,234
8,528,293 
1,900,154 
230,816 
94,410,929 
259,327,006 
Funds from money market ..................................
27,356,303 
426,831 
1,638,612 
938,918 
—
—
30,360,664 
Miscellaneous payables.......................................
—
—
—
—
—
15,463,400 
15,463,400 
Marketable securities issued................................
2,862,929 
13,734,309 
7,947,221 
81,741 
2,161 
—
24,628,361 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions.....................................................
5,216,629 
25,916,665 
9,851,274 
4,003,829 
1,436,296 
—
46,424,693 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ............
2,785,990 
18,393,912 
1,565,287 
22,437,746 
1,701,221 
58,318,137 
105,202,293 
Total liabilities...................................................
162,771,316 
92,641,977 
29,530,687 
29,362,388 
3,370,494 
168,812,817 
486,489,679 
Balance sheet long position...............................
-
-
93,275,489 
81,966,552 
33,460,262 
-
208,702,303
Balance sheet short position .............................
(71,082,036)
(33,875,042)
—
—
—
(103,745,225)
(208,702,303)
Off-balance sheet long position...........................
16,497,448
34,677,772
—
—
—
—
51,175,220
Off-balance sheet short position..........................
—
—
(8,822,361)
(41,092,523)
(2,881,999)
—
(52,796,883)
Total position.....................................................
(54,584,588)
802,730 
84,453,128 
40,874,029 
30,578,263 
(103,745,225)
(1,621,663)
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk arises from mismatches between maturities of assets and liabilities, which may result in the 
Bank being unable to meet its obligations in a timely manner. The Bank’s liquidity risk is managed as part of 
the asset and liability management strategy in accordance with the Bank’s market risk policies. In order to 
manage this risk, the Bank’s funding sources are diversified and the Bank believes that it holds sufficient cash 
and cash equivalents to fund its liabilities in the event such mismatches occur. During the monthly meetings of 
the Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee, the liquidity position of the 
Group is evaluated and measures are implemented if necessary. 
The Bank uses the following definitions with respect to the components of liquidity risk: 
(a) 
Liquidity mismatch risk refers to the risk of non-conformity between the amounts and/or the 
maturities or cash inflows and cash outflows;

--- Page 254 ---
235 
 
 
(b) 
Liquidity contingency risk refers to the risk that future unexpected events could require a greater 
amount of liquidity than the amount estimated necessary by the Bank. This risk could arise as a result 
of events such as the failure by clients to reimburse loans, the need to finance new assets, difficulties 
in selling liquid assets or obtaining new financings in the event of a liquidity crisis; and 
(c) 
Market liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Bank may incur losses as a result of the sale of assets 
deemed to be liquid, or in extreme conditions is unable to liquidate such positions due to insufficient 
liquidity offered by the market or keeps the position that is too large when compared to market 
turnover. 
Reports on short-term liquidity positions and structural liquidity positions are prepared by the Bank’s risk 
management department. Short-term liquidity risk management focuses on events that can impact upon the 
Bank’s liquidity position for the time horizon under one year. Structural liquidity positions measured via Net 
Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) focus on events effecting the Group’s medium to long-term liquidity position. 
The primary objective is to maintain an adequate ratio between total liabilities and assets for such medium to 
long-term period, with a view of avoiding pressures on short-term sources (both current and future), while 
optimising the cost of funding. 
According to the BRSA Communiqué on liquidity, banks have to meet a minimum of 80% LCR for foreign 
currency and 100% overall. The risk management department performs the calculation of the 
above-mentioned ratios on a daily basis and shares the results with the Treasury department and the Bank’s 
senior management. Further description of the applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Liquidity Reserve Requirement”.  
A significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of deposits and funds borrowed. As of 30 
September 2023, deposits comprised 59.99% of the Bank’s total liabilities and, of all deposits, 93.05% had 
maturities of three months or less. As of 30 September 2023, loans comprised 49.20% of the Bank’s total 
assets and, of all loans and receivables, 41.31% had maturities of three months or less. 
The following tables set forth the Group’s breakdown of financial liabilities according to their remaining 
contractual maturities as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 in TL thousands: 
As of 31 December 2022 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities 
Deposits........................................................................
554,940,662 
123,601,727 
31,403,736 
4,912,009 
338,727 
715,196,861 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions..........
16,657,999 
12,807,788 
52,159,023 
15,557,561 
1,381,667 
98,564,038 
Funds from money market ............................................
34,879,888 
5,608,915 
— 
— 
— 
40,488,803 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
735,241 
1,498,167 
5,498,769 
31,525,794 
17,047,205 
56,305,176 
Subordinated loans........................................................
12,222,546 
121,714 
6,703,541 
16,817,742 
12,985,673 
48,851,216 
Marketable securities issued..........................................
3,008,046 
21,507,327 
6,235,755 
19,715,346 
— 
50,466,474 
Total............................................................................. 
622,444,382 
165,145,638 
102,000,824 
88,528,452 
31,753,272 
1,009,872,568 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities 
Deposits........................................................................
370,725,229 
36,369,142 
10,361,932 
2,935,781 
393,885 
420,785,969 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions..........
8,046,249 
5,106,058 
42,704,256 
17,814,946 
1,979,667 
75,651,176 
Funds from money market ............................................
51,234,055 
469,646 
1,682,050 
2,670,754 
— 
56,056,505 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
—
388,705
2,467,767
21,511,330
14,813,084
39,180,886
Subordinated loans........................................................
840,699 
175,471 
13,925,427 
24,296,937 
9,946,031 
49,184,565 
Marketable securities issued..........................................
1,874,373 
9,981,830 
6,639,390 
24,257,024 
393,128 
43,145,745 
Total............................................................................. 
432,720,605 
52,490,852 
77,780,822 
93,486,772 
27,525,795 
684,004,846

--- Page 255 ---
236 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities 
Deposits........................................................................
219,763,891
34,537,750
8,692,009
1,906,910
230,820
265,131,380
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions..........
4,459,153
3,991,324
28,601,432
9,087,537
1,899,123
48,038,569
Funds from money market............................................
27,491,897
440,197
1,647,841
944,206
—
30,524,141
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit 
or loss
— 
213,567 
853,984 
9,173,905 
7,480,998 
17,722,454 
Subordinated loans .......................................................
331,011
256,087
1,298,043
23,108,191
5,066,769
30,060,101
Marketable securities issued .........................................
2,071,926
2,204,731
1,624,939
19,352,017
241,407
25,495,020
Total ............................................................................ 
254,117,878 
41,643,656 
42,718,248 
63,572,766 
14,919,117 
416,971,665 
 
 
Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is related to losses which arise as a result of inadequate or ineffective internal processes, 
personnel or systems or due to external events. The operational risk management team monitors the Bank’s 
operational and reputational risk exposure in accordance with the Bank’s standards and policies, collects 
operational risk data in a web-based database, identifies risk indicators, conducts scenario analysis assessment, 
plans for business continuity management and assures the quality of data gathered in accordance with Basel II 
standards, proposes insurance hedging on operational risks, prepares risk mitigation plans and coordinates IT 
risk management activities. The operational risk management department performs second level controls, 
manages and measures the Bank’s operational risks. 
The Bank’s objective is to implement the advanced measurement approaches of Basel II and related 
measurement systems in operational risk management. As part of the Basel II operational risk project, the 
Bank has been collecting data on internal operational risk since 2004. Data on internal losses are collected 
from various departments and branches using wed-based systems. Scenario analysis studies for measuring and 
managing the impacts of unrealised potential operational risk have been performed since 2008. Key risk 
indicator analyses have been performed to monitor current and potential operational risk exposure of the Bank 
since 2007. A dedicated database was established for monitoring the trends of key risk indicators. Moreover, a 
risk based insurance management approach was used to seek to minimise main operational risks that the Bank 
is exposed to. These actions have resulted in minimising internet fraud, enhancing the effectiveness of the risk 
transfer mechanism and helped senior management to better understand and monitor the main risk factors 
associated with banking activities. Additionally, potential risk evaluations were made before launching new 
products and services and the findings were shared with related departments so that necessary measures could 
be taken. Besides, both for IT and logistics purposes, the business continuity management activities and 
investments were accomplished and necessary tests were performed. 
For regulatory and statutory capital adequacy ratio purposes, the Group calculated the amount subject to 
operational risk on a consolidated basis with the basic indicator method in accordance with Section 4 of 
“Regulation Regarding Measurement and Evaluation of Banks’ Capital Adequacy Ratio” published by the 
Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015, namely “The Calculation of the Amount Subject to 
Operational Risk”, based on the gross income of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 
2020. As of 31 December 2022, the total amount subject to operational risk was calculated as TL 46,346,961 
thousand as of 31 December 2022, compared to TL 37,518,185 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and 
TL 30,380,790 thousand as of 31 December 2020.  
 
As of 31 December 2022, the amount of the related capital requirement was TL 3,707,757 thousand, 
compared to TL 3,001,455 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 2,430,463 thousand as of 31 December 
2020. 
 
Capital Management 
Banks in Türkiye are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines published by the BRSA. These 
capital adequacy guidelines are based on standards established by BIS. These guidelines require banks to 
maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
In accordance with the guidelines, banks must maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of a minimum of 8%, 
Tier 1 ratio of a minimum of 6% and CET1 ratio of minimum of 4.5% By taking into account banks’ internal

--- Page 256 ---
237 
 
 
systems, assets and financial structure, the BRSA is authorised to (i) increase the minimum capital adequacy 
ratio, (ii) set different ratios for each bank, and (iii) determine a different calculation and submission period 
for capital adequacy ratio for each bank. If a bank’s capital adequacy ratio is below the ratio set by the BRSA, 
certain restrictions are imposed. 
The Bank and its individually regulated operations were in compliance with all of the above mentioned capital 
adequacy requirements as of 30 September 2023. 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 30 
September 2023 and 31 December 2022 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated:  
 
As of 30 
September 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Paid-up Capital ....................................................................................................................................................
8,447,051 
 8.447.051 
Share issue premiums ..........................................................................................................................................
556,937 
556,937 
Retained earnings .................................................................................................................................................
 87.382.611 
42,548,922 
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the Turkish 
Accounting Standards ......................................................................................................................................
28,454,963 
28,852,512 
Profit ....................................................................................................................................................................
50,342,158 
54,384,643 
Net profit of the period ....................................................................................................................................
48,702,204 
52,744,689 
Profit of the previous years .............................................................................................................................
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships and cannot be 
recognised within profit for the period .............................................................................................................
31,689 
16,142 
Minority interest ..................................................................................................................................................
2,334 
1,537 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments ......................................................................
175,217,743
134,807,744
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments 
 
 
Prudential valuation adjustments .........................................................................................................................
125,917 
106,062 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed by the 
retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS ......................................................
12,985,067 
8,545,805 
Improvement costs for operating leasing .............................................................................................................
213,795 
204,739 
Goodwill (net of related tax liability) ...................................................................................................................
— 
— 
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ............................................
1,562,666 
1,208,874 
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences (net 
of related tax liability) ......................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
Cash-flow hedge reserve  .....................................................................................................................................
4,768,275 
5,116,918 
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses ............................................................................................................
— 
— 
Securitisation gain on sale ...................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities .......................................................
— 
— 
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets ...............................................................................................................
— 
— 
Investments in own shares ...................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law ........................................
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the 
issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) .........................................................................................
— 
— 
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold) ...................................................................................
— 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax 
liability) ............................................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds)...................................................................................................................
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns 
more than 10% of the issued share capital ........................................................................................................
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights .................................................................................
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences .....................................
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA .............................................
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
to cover deductions...........................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1 ................................................................................
19,655,720
15,182,398
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ............................................................................................................
155,562,023
119,625,346
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue premiums .......
— 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA.........................
17,794,855 
12,153,895

--- Page 257 ---
238 
 
 
 
As of 30 
September 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ..............................................
— 
— 
Third parties’ share in the Additional Tier I capital .............................................................................................
— 
— 
Third parties’ share in the Additional Tier I capital (Temporary Article 3)  ........................................................
— 
— 
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments 
17,794,855 
12,153,895 
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments ................................................................................................
 
 
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments ...............................................................................................
— 
— 
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments ................................................................................
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold) .................................................
— 
— 
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope 
of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) .............................................................................
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA .............................................
— 
— 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the transition period 
 
 
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .........................................................................................................
— 
— 
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes 
of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ........................
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions ...................
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital .............................................................................
— 
— 
Total Additional Tier 1 capital ..........................................................................................................................
17,794,855 
12,153,895
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 capital)..............
173,356,878
131,779,241
Tier 2 Capital 
 
 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency .......................
14,488,350 
10,149,150 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ..............................................
— 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital .............................................................................................
— 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ......................................
— 
— 
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) .........................................................................
7,053,905
5,334,326
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments 
21,542,255
15,483,476
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments  
 
 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) ...........................................................
— 
— 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank's Tier 2 and components of equity issued by 
financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8 .........................................................................
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-) ......................................
— 
— 
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-) .............................................................................
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA .............................................
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital ................................................................................................
—
—
Total Tier 2 capital ............................................................................................................................................
21,542,255
15,483,476
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ..........................................................................
194,799,616
147,199,236
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital) .......................................................................
 
 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law .......................................
23,955 
12,111 
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in the Article 57, Clause 1 of 
the Banking Law and the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and held for Sale but Retained 
more than Five Years (2)…………………………………… .............................................................................
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA……………………… 
75,562 
51,370 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the transition period 
 
 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) which will not deducted 
from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first 
sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ..................................
— 
— 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions 
(amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional 
Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ...............................................................................................................
— 
—

--- Page 258 ---
239 
 
 
 
As of 30 
September 2023 
As of 31 
December 2022 
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside 
the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount above 10% threshold), 
mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred tax assets arising from temporary 
differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .........................................................................................................
— 
— 
Own Funds 
 
 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ..........................................................................
194,799,616
146,592,166
Total Risk Weighted Assets ...............................................................................................................................
978,176,980
734,986,438
Capital Adequacy Ratios ...................................................................................................................................
 
 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) ..................................................................
15.90 
16.28 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) .............................................................................................
17.72 
17.93 
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) ........................................................................................................
19.91 
19.95 
Buffers 
 
 
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank ..............................................................................................
3.555 
3.542 
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) .......................................................................................................
2.500 
2.500 
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) ......................................................................................
0.055 
0.042 
Systemically important Bank buffer (%) ..............................................................................................................
1.000 
1.000 
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first paragraph of the 
Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital buffers to Risk Weighted 
Assets (%) ........................................................................................................................................................
11.403 
11.776 
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) 
 
 
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials ..............................................................................
662,091 
422,947 
Significant investments in the common stock of financials ..................................................................................
5,646,177 
3,526,931 
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) .........................................................................................
— 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability) ............................................
14,288,902 
9,782,385 
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital 
 
 
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation) .....................................................
4,737,489 
3,411,544 
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the standard 
approach used ...................................................................................................................................................
2,214,424 
1,644,844 
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in 
accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation ......................................................................................
7,778,462 
11,526,584 
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables of credit risk Amount of the 
Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation .............................
4,839,481 
3,689,482 
 ___________ 
(1) 
The specified amounts are the figures calculated for the items subject to the phasing. 
(2) 
Represents after tax, net amount of general provisions.  
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratios are as reported, including the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratios without forbearances would be, in each case respectively for 30 September 2023 
and 31 December 2022, 14.21% and 14.73% for the Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio, 15.83% and 16.23% for the 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio and 17.79% and 18.13% for the Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio. 
 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 
31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated: 
 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
 
Paid-up Capital ..............................................................................................................................
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
Share issue premiums ....................................................................................................................
556,937 
556,937 
556,937 
Retained earnings ..........................................................................................................................
42,548,922 
34,038,657 
29,459,139 
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the 
Turkish Accounting Standards ...................................................................................................
28,852,512 
13,531,428 
6,193,055 
Profit .............................................................................................................................................
54,384,643 
12,129,712 
6,719,472 
Net profit of the period..............................................................................................................
52,744,689 
10,489,758 
5,079,518 
Profit of the previous years .......................................................................................................
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships 
and cannot be recognised within profit for the period ................................................................
16,142  
 
14,779 
14,779 
Minority interest ............................................................................................................................
1,537  
 
1,018 
807 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments ...............................................
134,087,744
68,719,582
51,391,240 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments 
 
 
— 
Prudential valuation adjustments ...................................................................................................
106,062 
90,038 
86,371 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be 
absorbed by the retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS .....
8,545,805 
5,230,376 
2,700,221

--- Page 259 ---
240 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Improvement costs for operating leasing .......................................................................................
204,739 
133,380 
113,341 
Goodwill (net of related tax liability) ............................................................................................
— 
979,493 
979,493 
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability)  .....................
1,208,874 
1,029,561 
931,053 
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary 
differences (net of related tax liability) ......................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Cash-flow hedge reserve  ..............................................................................................................
5,116,918 
2,328,663 
— 
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses......................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Securitisation gain on sale .............................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities .................................
— 
— 
— 
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets ........................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Investments in own shares .............................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law ..................
— 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) 
— 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns 
more than 10% of the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) ................................
— 
— 
— 
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold) ............................................................
— 
— 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of 
related tax liability) ....................................................................................................................
— 
34,725 
— 
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional 
Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ...................................................................
— 
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible 
short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the issued share capital ......................
— 
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights ...........................................................
— 
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences ..............
— 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ......................
— 
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 to cover deductions ........................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1 ..........................................................
15,182,398
9,826,236
4,810,479 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) .....................................................................................
119,625,346
58,893,346
46,580,761 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
— 
— 
— 
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares 
issue premiums ..........................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
BRSA ........................................................................................................................................
12,153,895 
8,435,375 
4,771,325 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
BRSA (For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds) ........................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital ......................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ...............
— 
— 
— 
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments 
12,153,895 
8,435,375 
4,771,325  
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments..........................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments ........................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments ..........................................................
— 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% 
threshold) ...................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are 
outside the scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) ...........................
— 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ......................
— 
— 
— 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the 
transition period 
— 
— 
— 
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not 
deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of 
the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .......................................
— 
— 
— 
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for 
the purposes of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ 
Own Funds (-) ...........................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover 
deductions ..................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital .......................................................
— 
— 
— 
Total Additional Tier 1 capital ...................................................................................................
12,153,895 
8,435,375
4,771,325

--- Page 260 ---
241 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 
capital) ......................................................................................................................................
131,779,241 
67,328,721 
51,352,086 
Tier 2 Capital 
— 
— 
 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
Agency ......................................................................................................................................
10,149,150 
9,507,903 
6,980,701 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the 
Agency (For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds) ........................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
322,028 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital ......................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ...............
— 
— 
— 
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) ...................................................
5,334,326
3,415,303
4,269,686 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments 
15,483,476
12,923,206
11,572,415 
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments  
 
 
 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) .....................................
—
— 
— 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank's Tier 2 and components of equity 
issued by financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8 ...................................
—
— 
141,561 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 
10% threshold) (-) ......................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that are 
outside the scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-) ......................
— 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ......................
—
—
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital .........................................................................
 
 
141,561 
Total Tier 2 capital ......................................................................................................................
15,483,476
12,923,206
11,430,854 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ...................................................
147,199,236
80,175,102
62,740,741 
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital) ................................................
 
 
 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law(1) .............
12,111 
41,724 
5,591  
Portion of the sum of the banks’ real estate net book values, which is in excess of 50% of 
their own funds and net book values of those of merchandise and real estate which have to 
be acquired due to their receivables and disposed of pursuant to Article 57 of the Banking 
Law, which cannot be disposed of despite the lapse of a period of five years since the date 
of such acquisition .....................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA(2) ....................
51,370 
35,101 
36,608  
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the 
transition period 
— 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not 
own more than 10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 
10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional 
Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional 
Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ...............................................................
— 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, 
financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net 
of eligible short positions (amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of 
the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds 
(-) ...............................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that 
are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount 
above 10% threshold), mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred 
tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related 
tax liability) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes 
of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds (-) ....................................................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Own Funds 
 
 
 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ...................................................
146,592,166
79,566,364
62,571,136 
Total Risk Weighted Assets ........................................................................................................
734,986,439
452,409,578
362,826,562 
Capital Adequacy Ratios ............................................................................................................
 
 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3)............................................
16.28 
13.02 
12.84 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) .......................................................................
17.93 
14.88 
14.15 
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) .................................................................................
19.95 
17.59 
17.25 
Buffers 
 
 
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank .......................................................................
3.542 
3.548 
3.551 
a) Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) .....................................................................................
2.500 
2.500 
2,500

--- Page 261 ---
242 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2022 
As of 31 
December 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
b) Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) ......................................................................
0.042 
0.048 
0.051 
c) Systemically important Bank buffer
1.000 
1.000 
1.000 
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first 
paragraph of the Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical 
Capital buffers to Risk Weighted Assets (%) .............................................................................
11,776 
8.518 
8.153 
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) 
 
 
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials .......................................................
422,947 
317,593 
— 
Significant investments in the common stock of financials ...........................................................
3,526,931 
2,476,401 
1,562,641 
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ..................................................................
— 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability) .....................
9,782,385 
5,927,430 
4,482,337 
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital 
 
 
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation) ..............................
3,411,544 
2,579,796 
11,990,560 
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the 
standard approach used ..............................................................................................................
1,644,844 
1,211,815 
4,269,686 
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based 
Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation ...........................................
11,526,584 
11,718,943 
— 
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables of credit risk 
Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on 
the Calculation ...........................................................................................................................
3,689,482 
2,203,488 
— 
Capital instruments subject to phase-out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan 
2018 and 1 Jan 2022) ...............................................................................................................
— 
— 
— 
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements 
in the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ........................................
— 
— 
— 
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) 
which subject to Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds .......................
— 
— 
— 
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds..................................................
— 
— 
322,028 
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) 
which subject to Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds .......................
— 
11,745,942 
6,326,953 
_______________ 
(1) 
Amount presented as of 31 December 2020 subject to treatment before 1/1/2024 would be TL 4,337 thousand. 
(2) 
Amount presented as of 31 December 2021 subject to treatment before 1/1/2024 would be TL 35,172 thousand. 
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratios are as reported, including the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratios without forbearances would be, in each case respectively for 31 December 2022 
and 2021, 14.73% and 11.04% for the Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio, 16.23% and 12.62% for the Consolidated 
Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio and 18.13% and 15.03% for the Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio. 
 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between 
willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation, and is best evidenced by the quoted market price, if 
available. 
The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined by the Group with the use of available 
market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, judgment is necessarily required to 
interpret market data in order to develop the estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimated fair value 
presented in this Base Prospectus is not necessarily indicative of the amount the Group could realise in a 
current market exchange transaction. 
The table below indicates the carrying and estimated fair value of the financial assets and liabilities, which are 
not presented on the Group’s balance sheet at their estimated fair value.

--- Page 262 ---
243 
 
 
As of 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Financial assets:
Due from money markets........................
2,514,757 
2,514,757 
1,809,366
1,809,366 
1,700,842
1,700,842
Banks ......................................................
39,845,017 
39,922,535 
34,404,358
34,429,736 
16,485,974
17,242,338
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ..............
78,471,491 
78,471,491 
34,797,510
34,797,510 
25,100,560 
25,100,560
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .....................................................
168,826,257 
192,651,507 
96,286,812
98,392,565 
 53,028,224
54,582,472
Loans.......................................................
661,218,031 
658,408,226 
444,362,519
436,447,374 
317,211,755
320,175,861
Financial liabilities:
Bank deposits..........................................
10,487,396 
10,486,500 
7,137,337 
7,027,865 
5,083,262
5,087,607
Other deposits .........................................
695,008,043 
695,480,726 
412,790,721 
412,826,348 
259,327,006
259,442,519
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions..........................................
94,116,398 
94,852,421 
72,921,964 
72,123,960 
46,424,693
46,263,167
Financial liabilities fair value through 
profit and loss ......................................
36,459,423 
36,459,423 
25,308,222 
25,308,222 
 12.555.789
 12.555.789
Subordinated loans..................................
39,388,232 
40,684,977 
39,441,999 
42,248,368 
22,655,054
24,273,721
Marketable securities issued....................
49,350,808 
46,782,757 
41,577,011 
39,175,366 
  24,628,361
24,265,403
Miscellaneous payables...........................
44,512,534
44,512,534
26,732,718 
26,732,718 
  15,463,400
15,463,400
 
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Group’s financial 
instruments: 
Banks, Bank deposits and Funds borrowed from other financial institutions 
The fair values of banks, bank deposits and funds borrowed from other financial institutions are determined by 
calculating the discounted cash flows using the current market interest rates. 
Held-to-maturity assets 
The fair value of held-to-maturity assets is determined based on market prices or, when these prices are 
unavailable, based on market prices quoted for other securities subject to the same redemption qualifications 
in terms of interest, maturity and other similar conditions. 
Loans 
The expected fair value of loans and receivables is determined by calculating the discounted cash flows using 
the current market interest rates for the loans with fixed interest rates. For the loans with floating interest rates 
(such as overdrafts and credit card receivables), it is assumed that the carrying value approaches the fair value. 
Available-for-sale financial assets 
Available-for-sale financial assets are subsequently re-measured at fair value. When fair values based on 
market prices cannot be obtained reliably, the available-for-sale financial assets are carried at fair values 
determined by using alternative models. Available-for-sale equity securities which are not quoted in a market, 
and the fair values of which cannot be determined reliably, are carried at cost less any impairment. 
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
The following table presents assets and liabilities at fair value as of 31 December 2022 in TL thousands. 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
Financial assets where fair value change is reflected to income statement.....
1,882,798 
388,097 
—
2,270,895 
Financial assets where fair value change is reflected to other comprehensive 
income statement.......................................................................................
76,396,958 
1,968,158 
—
78,365,116 
Derivative financial assets..............................................................................
—
18,783,430
—
18,783,430 
Total assets....................................................................................................
78,279,756
21,139,685
—
99,419,441
Derivative financial liabilities ........................................................................
—
13,969,063 
—
13,969,063 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss...................................
—
36,459,423 
—
36,459,423 
Total liabilities..............................................................................................
—
50,428,486
—
50,428,486

--- Page 263 ---
244 
 
 
 
Risk Committees 
Within the Bank, risk management is performed by the Asset and Liability Management function within the 
Executive Committee and the Credit Committee. 
The Credit Committee is responsible for: (i) determining lending guidelines in line with the credit policy, 
economic objectives and the overall risk profile of the credit portfolio of the Bank, (ii) granting loans within 
certain set limits or advising the Board with respect to granting loans exceeding such limits, (iii) defining 
restructuring terms for overdue loans within certain set limits or advising the Board on the same with respect 
to loans exceeding such limits, and (iv) performing other functions assigned to it by the Board. The Credit 
Committee consists of four principal members and two substitute members; namely the CEO, the Deputy 
CEO and two members of the Board, and the Vice Chairman and one member of the Board, respectively. The 
Risk Management Assistant General Manager attends the meetings by invitation. The Credit Committee meets 
on a weekly basis. 
The decisions of the Credit Committee become immediately effective in the case of a unanimous vote. 
Otherwise, decisions of the Credit Committee require a majority approval from the Board. 
The Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee is responsible for: 
(a) determining the Bank’s structural risk management guidelines and policies, (b) defining risk profile 
management strategies, and ensuring their compliance with the Board’s guidelines in terms of risk appetite, 
(c) optimising the level of risk that the Bank is exposed to within the guidelines set by the Board, (d) defining 
risk limits, (e) defining operational principles of risk management and approval of risk measurement and 
control models, and (f) maintaining an overview of credit, market and operational risks. The decisions of the 
Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee are made by unanimous vote of its 
permanent members. Such permanent members include the CEO, the Deputy CEO, the CFO, the Treasury 
Department Assistant General Manager and the Risk Management Assistant General Manager. In addition, 
heads of other business units as members of the Executive Committee also regularly attend meetings of the 
Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee, including the Corporate and 
Commercial Banking Assistant General Manager, the Retail Banking Assistant General Manager, and the 
Retail Banking Sales Assistant General Manager. The Asset and Liability Management function within the 
Executive Committee usually meets on a weekly basis but in any case not less frequently than once a month.

--- Page 264 ---
245 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The Bank is managed by its Board of Directors, its General Manager and its senior management. 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Bank’s articles of association, the Board is responsible for the Bank’s management. The 
Bank’s articles of association stipulate that the Board should consist of a minimum of eight members elected 
by the General Assembly, with the General Manager holding a board seat, as required by the Banking Law. 
The Board is currently composed of 12 directors. Each director is appointed for a maximum term of three 
years. The business address of each of the directors is Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok, Levent 34330, Istanbul, 
Türkiye. 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding each member of the Board as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Ali Y. Koç ....................................................................................................................................... Chairman
Levent Çakıroğlu ............................................................................................................................. Vice Chairman
Gökhan Erün.................................................................................................................................... Executive Director and CEO
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu........................................................................................................................ Member
A. Ümit Taftalı ................................................................................................................................ Member 
Ahmet Çimenoğlu............................................................................................................................ Member (Independent)
Virma Sökmen................................................................................................................................. Member (Independent)
Nevin İpek ....................................................................................................................................... Member (Independent)
Kemal Uzun
Member
Polat Sen
Member
 
Ali Y. KOÇ, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Ali Y. Koç graduated from Rice University in Business Administration and completed his MBA degree at 
Harvard Business School. Between 1990 and 1991, he attended the American Express Bank Management 
Trainee programme. Between 1992 and 1994, he worked as an Analyst at Morgan Stanley Investment Bank. 
Between 1997 and 2006, Koç held various senior level positions at Koç Holding such as the New Business 
Development Coordinator and President of the Information Technology Group. Between 2006 and 2010, he 
was the President of the Corporate Communications and Information Technology Group. Koç has been a 
Board Member of Koç Holding since January 2008 and was named Vice Chairman in February 2016. He is 
also the Chairman of various Koç Group companies. Additionally, Koç contributes to Türkiye’s social and 
economic development by serving as President at Fenerbahçe Sports Club, a board member of the URAK 
(International Competition Research Association) and a Board Member at Endeavor Association. He is also a 
member of TÜSİAD (Turkish Industry and Business Association) and a Member of the Global Advisory 
Council of Bank of America, Harvard University and Council on Foreign Relations (CFR). Koç has been 
Board Chairman of the Group and Koç Financial Services since April 2016. 
Levent ÇAKIROĞLU, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors  
Levent Çakıroğlu graduated from Ankara University - Faculty of Political Sciences, Business Administration 
Department and received his master’s degree from University of Illinois. He started his professional life in 
Ministry of Finance in 1988. Between 1997 and 1998, he taught as part time instructor at Bilkent University 
and served as Vice President of the Financial Crimes Investigation Board at the Ministry of Finance. 
Çakıroğlu, joined Koç Group in 1998 as Koç Holding Financial Group Coordinator. He was the General 
Manager of Koçtaş between 2002 and 2007, the CEO of Migros between 2007 and 2008, the CEO of Arçelik 
between 2008 and 2015 and the President of the Durable Goods Group of Koç Holding A.Ş. between 2010 
and 2015. Çakıroğlu was appointed as the Deputy CEO of Koç Holding in February 2015 and he took over the 
CEO position on April 2015. Since April 2016, Çakıroğlu has also been a Board Member at Koç Holding. 
Çakıroğlu has been a Board Member at the Group and Koç Financial Services since April 2015 and in 
February 2020 he was appointed as Vice Chairman of the Group’s Board. Çakıroğlu is also a Board Member 
in various Koç Group Companies. 
He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Koç Financial Services and since April 2015 he serves on 
the Board of Directors of various Koç Group Companies.

--- Page 265 ---
246 
 
 
Gökhan ERÜN, Executive Director and CEO 
Gökhan Erün earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul Technical University Department of Electronics 
and Communications Engineering and his graduate degree from Yeditepe University in Business 
Administration. Erün began his career at Garanti Bank’s Treasury Department in 1994. Between 1999 and 
2004, he served as the Senior Vice President of Commercial Marketing and Sales Department. After 
becoming the CEO of Garanti Pension and Life in 2004, Erün was appointed as Executive Vice President of 
Garanti Bank in September 2005. Erün began to serve as the Deputy CEO of Garanti Bank in September 
2015, also in charge of Corporate Banking Coordination, Treasury, Treasury Marketing and Financial 
Solutions, Derivatives, Cash Management and Transaction Banking, and Financial Institutions. In addition, he 
held positions in the Boards of various Garanti Bank subsidiaries. As of January 2018, Erün has continued his 
career in the Group as Executive Director in the Board of Directors and as Chief Executive Officer (CEO). In 
addition, Erün is the CEO of Koç Financial Services and holds positions in the Boards of various Group 
subsidiaries and Koç Tüketici Finansmanı A.Ş. Also as of April 2021, Erün became the President of Koç 
Holding’s Banking Group. 
Ahmet F. ASHABOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors 
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Tufts University and a Master’s of Science 
degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Mechanical Engineering. In 1994, he began his 
career as a Research Assistant at MIT. Between 1996 and 1999, Ashaboğlu held various positions in capital 
markets within UBS Warburg, New York. Between 1999 and 2003, he worked as a Consultant at McKinsey & 
Company, New York. In 2003, Ashaboğlu joined Koç Holding as Finance Group Coordinator. He served as 
the CFO of Koç Holding from 2006 until April 2022. In addition to being a Board Member at the Group and 
Koç Financial Services since September 2005, Ashaboğlu is also a Board Member at various Koç Group 
Companies. 
A. Ümit TAFTALI, Member of the Board of Directors  
A. Ümit Taftalı earned his bachelor’s degree in Finance from Ball State University (Indiana) and his MBA 
degree from the University of South Carolina. He also participated in senior executive programs at Harvard 
University. Taftalı is an investment banker and wealth manager with over 30 years of international experience. 
He has worked in executive positions in Atlanta, New York and London for Merrill Lynch & Company, 
Bankers Trust Company and Goldman Sachs International. Taftalı has been representing and advising Mrs. 
Suna (Koç) Kıraç between 2001 and 2020.  He is a Member of Koç Holding’s Executive Committee as well as 
Board Chairman of Kare Portföy. Taftalı is or has been Board/Founding Member of various philanthropic and 
professional organizations such as Suna-İnan Kıraç Foundation, Educational Volunteers Foundation of 
Türkiye (TESEV), Turkish Industrialists and Businessmen Association (TÜSİAD), Saint Joseph Educational 
Foundation, Educational Volunteers Foundation of Türkiye (TEGV), Galatasaray Sport Club, American 
Finance Association (USA), Financial Management Association (USA), Museum of American Financial 
History (USA), Ball State University Foundation (USA), Turkish Bankers Association (UK), University of 
South Carolina Foundation (USA). Taftalı has been a Board Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services 
since April 2016. 
Ahmet ÇİMENOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Ahmet Çimenoğlu graduated from Department of Economics at Boğaziçi University in 1992. He started his 
professional life as an economist at the Bank in 1995, after completing his MA in Economics at Boğaziçi 
University, Istanbul. He received his PhD degree in economics at Istanbul Technical University in 2002. He 
worked as the Chief Economist, and Head of Strategic Planning and Research at the Group between July 2004 
and February 2009. In March 2009, he joined Koç Holding as the Head of Economic Research. He is currently 
the Chief Economist of the Koç Holding. Çimenoğlu has been serving as a Board member at Koç Financial 
Services and the Group since March 2019. 
Virma SÖKMEN, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Virma Sökmen has a Bachelor degree in Finance from LaSalle University. She began her professional career 
at research and investment banking departments of Körfezbank and Çarşı Menkul Degerler. Between 1993 
and 2001, Sökmen worked at Midland Bank A.S. as a Credit Analyst. Between 2001 and 2010, she served as

--- Page 266 ---
247 
 
 
Corporate Banking Group President and an Executive Vice President of Corporate and Commercial Banking 
at HSBC. Sökmen managed corporate banking, commercial banking foreign trade and provision management, 
factoring, corporate and commercial insurance, corporate marketing and cash management units since 2010. 
Sökmen also served as the Assistant General Manager, responsible from Corporate and Commercial Banking, 
at HSBC. Since 2016, Sökmen has been a Managing Partner at Credia Partners. Sökmen has been a Board 
Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services since March 2019. In addition, Sökmen became an 
Independent Board at Sarkuysan Elektrolikit Bakır San ve Tic AŞ in June 2020. 
Nevin İPEK, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Nevin İpek graduated from Ankara University, Faculty of Political Sciences, Department of Business 
Administration in 1993 and she earned an MBA degree at the same university in 1997. İpek also earned a 
Master of Accounting degree from the University of Michigan in 2001. İpek began her career at the Capital 
Markets Board of Türkiye and served as Assistant to Expert between 1997 and 2005, Deputy Head of 
Corporate Finance Department between 2005 and 2006 and Head of Institutional Investors Department 
between 2006 and 2007. She joined the Koç Group in 2007 and still is serving as Finance Coordinator 
responsible for compliance with securities regulations. She is also heading the Capital Markets Working 
Group in TÜSİAD from 2013. Nevin İpek has been a Board Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services 
since February 2020. 
Kemal UZUN, Member of the Board of Directors 
Kemal Uzun received his bachelor degree in Business Administration from Ankara University and his 
master’s degree in Finance from the University of Illinois. In 1990, Uzun started his career as an Apprentice 
Public Account Inspector. He worked at the Ministry of Finance as Assistant Tax Auditor (1991-1994), Tax 
Auditor (1994-2002), Senior Tax Auditor (2002-2003) and Head of Department (2003-2005). Later, he 
functioned in Group Head (2005-2006) and Department Head (2006) positions at the Revenue Administration. 
Between 2006 and 2011, Uzun worked as Koç Holding’s Audit Group Coordination and from 2011 until 2021 
as Tax Management Director. Uzun has been serving as the President of Koç Holding’s Audit Group since 
April 2021. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of various Koç Group companies. In addition to 
these roles, he is a member of Turkish Industry and Business Association (TÜSİAD), Tax Council and 
TURMEPA. Kemal Uzun has been a Board Member of Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services since April 
2022. 
Polat ŞEN, Member of the Board of Directors 
Polat Şen received his bachelor’s degree from the English Department of Economics in Marmara University 
in 1998 and his master’s degree from the International Finance Department in Bradford University in 1999. In 
2016, he completed the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program. In 2000, Şen started his 
professional life in Koç Holding Control Group Department. He was assigned as Arçelik A.Ş. Internal Audit 
Manager in 2005 and as Financial Affairs Group Director in Grundig Electronics / Grundig Multimedia B.V. 
in 2008. Between 2009 and 2010, he was the Financial Affairs Director at Grundig Multimedia B.V. in 
Germany, and from 2010 to 2015, he served as the Purchasing Director. Polat Şen worked as Arçelik A.Ş.’s 
Chief Financial Officer between 2015 and 2022, overseeing the company’s commercial operations in Sub-
Saharan Africa, as well as the Legal & Compliance, and Procurement departments, in addition to his 
responsibilities in Finance and Accounting operations. Şen has been the CFO of Koç Holding since 1 April 
2022. He also serves as the Deputy Chairman of the Türkiye – South Africa Business Council at The Foreign 
Economic Relations Board of Türkiye (DEIK) and a member of the Corporate Governance Association of 
Türkiye’s Board of Directors. Polat Şen has been a Board Member of Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services 
since April 2022.

--- Page 267 ---
248 
 
 
Senior Management 
The current members of the Bank’s senior management and their areas of responsibility are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Responsibility 
Gökhan Erün................................ BOD Member/CEO
General Manager
Abdullah Geçer............................ Assistant General Manager
Internal Audit/Chief Audit Executive
Akif Cahit Erdoğan ...................... Assistant General Manager 
Commercial and SME Banking Management 
Hakan Kaya ................................. Assistant General Manager 
Legal Activities Management 
 
Demir Karaaslan  ......................... Assistant General Manager 
Financial Planning and Administration Management 
(Chief Financial Officer)
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut ............... Assistant General Manager 
Credits 
Mehmet Erkan Özdemir ............... Assistant General Manager 
Compliance, Internal Control and Risk Management / 
Consumer Relations Coordination Officer
Muharrem Kaan Şakul ................. Assistant General Manager 
Corporate Banking 
Saruhan Yücel.............................. Assistant General Manager
Treasury
Serkan Ülgen ............................... Assistant General Manager 
Retail Banking Management 
Uğur Gökhan Özdinç ................... Assistant General Manager 
Technology, Data and Process Management 
Yakup Dogan ............................... Assistant General Manager 
Limitless Banking 
Özden Önaldı ............................... Assistant General Manager 
Human Resources, Organization and Internal 
Services
 
Set forth below is brief biographical information regarding the Group’s current senior management (other than 
those who are members of the Board, whose biographical information is set out above): 
Abdullah Geçer 
Geçer, 50, received a degree in the Department of Economics at Middle East Technical University in 1996, 
Abdullah Geçer began his professional career at the Undersecretariat of Treasury as an Assistant Sworn Bank 
Auditor. Having served in this position between 1996 and 2000, Geçer assumed Sworn Bank Auditor and 
Senior Sworn Bank Auditor positions in Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency of Türkiye between 
2000 and 2007, and completed the MBA in Finance program at University of Nottingham in 2006. Serving as 
a coordinator in Koç Holding Audit Group from 2007 through 2020, Abdullah Geçer was appointed as the 
Assistant General Manager in charge of Internal Audit at the Bank on 20 April 2020. 
Akif Cahit Erdoğan 
Erdoğan, 49, graduated from the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering at Istanbul Technical University.  
Erdoğan earned his MBA degree from the Rochester Institute of Technology. Starting his professional career 
at Xerox Corporation (Rochester, NY) as a Business Analyst, Erdogan moved to Accenture (Istanbul Office) 
in 2000 as a Management Consulting Country Lead, where he went on to hold various positions.  Erdogan 
joined the Bank on 1 December 2009 as Chief Information Officer. As of 15 July 2013, he assumed the 
position of Assistant General Manager in charge of Information Technologies and Operations at the Bank.  
Erdoğan has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since July 2013 and a member of the 
Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. since May 2015.  Erdoğan is also a member of the Board of 
Directors of Yapı Kredi Yatırım. As of 21 August 2021, he was appointed to the position of Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Commercial and SME Banking Management. He is also Board Member of some of the 
Group’s subsidiaries. 
Hakan Kaya 
Kaya, 44, graduated from Istanbul University, Faculty of Law. He began his career in 2004 with the law firm 
of Olcay as a lawyer. Subsequently, he served at OY&OY as an attorney from 2007 to 2008 and at Turkland 
Bank as an attorney from 2008 to 2013. Kaya joined the Group in 2013 as a Legal Adviser. He then worked at 
the Bank as Criminal Affairs Manager from 2013 to 2015, Litigations Affairs Director from 2015 to 2019 and

--- Page 268 ---
249 
 
 
Legal Proceedings Director from 2019 to 2023. Kaya completed an Executive MBA at the University of Koc 
in 2020. In October 2023, Kaya was appointed to the position of General Counsel at the Bank.  
Demir Karaaslan 
Karaaslan, 46, graduated from Marmara University, Business Administration department in 1999. Between 
September 1999 and December 2004, he worked at PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. (formerly Başaran Nas Bağimsiz Denetim ve S.M.M.M. A.Ş.) where he joined as an 
Assistant Auditor and was promoted to Audit Manager. He continued his career at Koçbank between 2005 and 
2006 as Head of Budget & Planning. In 2006, following the merger of Koçbank and the Bank, he was 
appointed as Vice President responsible from Planning & Control. He has been the Head of Planning & 
Control since 2010 and promoted as Executive Vice President in 2011. He worked as Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Retail Credits between January 2016 and March 2020.  He was appointed as Assistant 
General Manager in charge of Financial Planning and Administration Management in March 2020. 
Throughout his career, Karaaslan has also assumed the positions of Statutory Auditor and member of the 
Board in several subsidiaries of the Bank and he is also a Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi 
Teknoloji A.Ş. 
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut 
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut, 55, graduated from Business Administration at Ankara University in 1989. He started 
his career in the Bank as an Assistant Internal Auditor, then worked as Auditor and Senior Auditor and Credit 
Department Supervisor. He took various responsibilities in Corporate Banking Sales Support during 2006 and 
2007. Between 2009 and 2012 he was expatriated to Yapı Kredi Azerbaijan and worked as Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Credits. Returning to the Bank, he worked as Corporate and Commercial Credit 
Monitoring and Workout Vice President until 2016. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in charge 
of Corporate and Commercial Credit Monitoring and Workout in August 2021. 
Between 2018 and 2020 he was appointed as the Executive Vice President of Corporate and Commercial 
Credits Underwriting. He worked as Collection and Workout Executive Vice President until 2021. As of 
August 2021, he was appointed to the position of Assistant General Manager in charge of Credits. He is also 
Board Member of some of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Mehmet Erkan Özdemir 
Özdemir, 56, received a degree in Economics from the Middle East Technical University. He worked as a 
Sworn in Bank Auditor on the Sworn in Bank Auditor Board of the Banking Regulation and Supervision 
Agency between April 1994 and August 2001. He joined Koç Group in August 2001 where he worked as 
Audit Coordinator in the Audit Group responsible for the financial companies of the Group. Since April 2008, 
Özdemir has been serving as Compliance Officer and Executive Vice President at the Bank. Since October 
2013, he has been serving as Assistant General Manager in charge of Compliance and Internal Control.  
Özdemir is the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş and Chairman of Koç 
Kültür Sanat Yayıncılık Ticaret ve Sanayi A.Ş.  Özdemir is also responsible for Risk Management for the 
Bank as of October 2020 and has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020. 
Muharrem Kaan Şakul 
Kaan Şakul, 50, earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul University, Economics in English Department 
in 1996 and earned his graduate degree from Bilgi University, Banking and Finance (MA) in 2015. He started 
his banking career at Yasarbank in 1996 as Corporate Banking Specialist until 2000. After working at 
Finansbank between 2000 and 2002 as Corporate Banking Assistant Manager, he joined Koçbank. He 
undertook various positions in branches and the Head Office of Koçbank, such as Commercial Banking 
Portfolio Manager, Corporate Markets Sales Supervisor, and Retention Development Supervisor until 2007. 
Between 2007 and 2013, he took various responsibilities in Corporate and Commercial branches and was 
appointed as Executive Vice President in charge of Corporate and Commercial Credit Underwriting, 
Corporate and Commercial Banking Product Groups and Corporate Banking Sales between 2013 and 2021. 
He has been assigned by the Board of Directors as Corporate Banking Assistant General Manager and Exco 
member as of August 2021. He is also a member of the Sustainability Committee since the committee was

--- Page 269 ---
250 
 
 
established. As of 21 August 2021, he was appointed to the position of Assistant General Manager in charge 
of Corporate Banking. 
Saruhan Yücel 
Yücel, 50, earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul University Department of Business Administration 
and his graduate degree from University of Illinois in Business Administration. Yücel started his career at 
Koçbank in fund Management Department in 2000. Yücel held the role as Securities Portfolio Manager in the 
Group’s Portfolio in Investment Funds Management Fixed Income department between 2002 and 2003. 
Following this, he worked as FX and Money Markets Senior Dealer, FX Markets Vice President, Fixed 
Income Securities Vice President and Balance Sheet Management, and Fixed Income Securities Executive 
Vice President in the Bank between 2003 and 2018. Since June 2018, he continued his career as Assistant 
General Manager in charge of Treasury Management. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the 
Bank and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Yatırım. 
Serkan Ülgen 
Serkan Ülgen, 47, graduated from Bilkent University, Ankara B.S. Industrial Engineering Program in 1998. 
After graduating, he began his career at BENKAR Consumer Financing and Credit Card Services. In 2001 
Ülgen joined the Bank and took several responsibilities in Card Payment Systems. He also gained his MBA 
degree from Bogaziçi University in 2005. Ülgen has been working as the Assistant General Manager in charge 
of Retail Banking and a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since January 2018. He has also 
been the Member of the Board of BKM representing the Group since January 2011 and became the Vice 
Chairman of the Board of Diretors of BKM in April 2019. Ülgen is also a Member of the Board of Directors 
of Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan and Allianz.  
Uğur Gökhan Özdinç 
Gökhan Özdinç, 48, earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Engineering in 1997, MBA in 1999 and 
Ph.D. degrees in Marketing in 2006 from Boğaziçi University. Özdinç started his career as a Card Payment 
Systems Software Development Group Manager at Finansbank in 1998. Between 2004 and 2013, he managed 
the Project Management Office and ADC Software Development at Finansbank’s Information Technologies 
company, IBTECH. He was also a member of the Management Board at IBTECH, between 2013 and 2014. 
Özdinç was appointed as the CIO and COO of Aktifbank between 2014 and 2019, and at the same time he 
also assumed the positions of Board Member of E-kent, NKolay and Çalık Digital, the subsidiaries of 
Aktifbank.  
Özdinç joined the Group in 2020 and worked as the Subsidiaries Application Development and IT 
Governance Vice President and the CIO of Yapı Kredi Invest. As of August 2021, he was appointed as the 
Assistant General Manager of the Group in charge of Technology, Data and Process Management, and a 
member of the Executive Committee. At the same time, Özdinç has been giving lectures in the Department of 
Management Information Systems and the Department of Management at Boğaziçi University since 2007. He 
is also Board Member of one of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Yakup Dogan 
Dogan, 56, received a degree in Business Administration from the Çukurova University. Doğan started his 
career at İş Bankası as an Assistant Specialist in 1992. Between 1996 and 2001, he worked at Ottoman Bank 
in Senior Management positions responsible for the development of Retail Banking, Credit Cards and 
Alternative Delivery Channels. In 2001, Doğan joined Koçbank as Alternative Delivery Channels Manager. In 
2006, Doğan held the position of Alternative Delivery Channels Executive Vice President at the Bank. As of 
January 30, 2009 he assumed the position of Assistant General Manager in charge of Alternative Distribution 
Channels at the Bank and a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020.  As of 
August 2021, alternative distribution channels management’s name has changed to limitless banking. Dogan 
is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji. 
Özden Önaldı

--- Page 270 ---
251 
 
 
Özden Önaldı, 46, earned her degree from Istanbul Technical University's Department of Management 
Engineering. Önaldı began her professional career as a Project Consultant at SAP Company in 1999. Önaldı 
later continued her banking career at Osmanlı Bank, where she worked in the Alternative Distribution 
Channels department. Following this, Önaldı started working at Garanti Bank, where she oversaw several 
strategic projects in the areas of CRM & Marketing, Strategic Planning, IT, and Human Resources at various 
management levels. Önaldı joined Koç Holding in 2016 and worked in the Human Resources and Industrial 
Relations Presidency as the Learning Development Manager. Önaldı is now working as the Assistant General 
Manager of Yapı Kredi Bank Human Resources Organization and Internal Services Management as of 2022 
and is also a member of the Yapı Kredi Technology Board of Directors as of 2023. Önaldı is currently 
attending Koç University for an Executive MBA Program. 
The business address of Uğur Gökhan Özdinç is Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., Genel Mudurluk/Bankacilik 
Ussu, Akse Mahallesi, Rahmi Dibek Caddesi No: 275 41435 Çayirova, Kocaeli, Türkiye which is the 
operation centre of the Bank. The other members of the senior management have their business address at 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok, 34330 Istanbul, Türkiye. 
Board Committees 
The Group has a number of committees comprising various members of the Board. These committees 
consider risk and credit matters and include the Asset and Liability Management function of the Executive 
Committee and the Credit Committee, which are described in detail in “Risk Management”, as well as the 
Audit Committee, the Corporate Governance Committee and the Remuneration Committee, among others. 
The Audit Committee supervises compliance by the Bank with local laws and internal regulations, monitors 
the performance of the Internal Audit Department, Compliance and Internal Control Department and Risk 
Management Department, controls ethical compliance and executes other functions provided for by the 
Banking Legislation and CMB Legislation for Audit Committees. The Audit Department, Risk Management 
and Compliance and Internal Control report to the Audit Committee. The Group also established a 
Sustainability Committee in 2014 responsible for integrating sustainability in the Bank’s business processes 
and for monitoring sustainability performance. The Sustainability Committee is chaired by a Board Member 
and reports to the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors. 
Corporate Governance  
On 3 January 2014, the CMB issued Communiqué No. II 17.1 on Corporate Governance (as amended, the 
“Corporate Governance Communiqué”), which provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate 
governance principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations 
department for listed companies and companies that are deemed to be public. The Corporate Governance 
Communiqué contains principles relating to: (i) the company shareholders; (ii) public disclosure and 
transparency; (iii) the stakeholders of the company; and (iv) the board of directors. A number of principles are 
compulsory while the remaining principles continue to apply on a “comply or explain” basis as before. The 
Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed companies into three categories according to their market 
capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject to recalculation on an annual basis. The 
CMB has classified 55 companies for the year 2021 as “Tier 1” companies, which have maximum exposure to 
the mandatory principles set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. Some of these mandatory 
principles are not applicable to “Tier 2” and/or “Tier 3” companies. The Bank is classified as a “Tier 1” 
company. According to the Information Policy of the Bank, the public disclosures and all other relevant 
information given to shareholders are done under the supervision of the compliance office. 
 
The compliance office manages the official public disclosures via www.kap.org.tr 
 
Public disclosure is managed daily so as to assure timely communication. 
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include: (i) the composition of the 
board of directors; (ii) appointment of independent board members; (iii) board committees; (iv) specific 
corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a conflict of 
interest and certain other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué; and 
(v) the information rights in connection with General Assembly meetings. According to the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué, banks may, taking into account the size of their operations and type of their 
structures, determine their corporate governance principles based upon those stated in the Corporate

--- Page 271 ---
252 
 
 
Governance Communiqué provided that they comply with the principles and procedures set out in the 
Banking Law and the provisions of the other regulations entered into effect in accordance therewith. 
All “Tier 1” and “Tier 2” companies are required to have a number of independent board members that 
constitute at least one-third of the board of directors. However, these companies can apply to the CMB in 
order to limit the number of independent board members to two, irrespective of the ratio of the company’s 
free-float shares, as long as at least 51% of their share capital is equally owned by two independent 
shareholders contractually sharing equal management control but having no direct or indirect shareholding, 
management or audit relationship among themselves, except for banks. “Tier 3” companies do not have to 
comply with the one-third ratio, although they are obliged to have at least two independent directors. Pursuant 
to Article 6 of Corporate Governance Communiqué, banks have discretion in determining the number of 
independent directors, provided that they sustain the minimum requirement of having at least three 
independent directors. Board members who are appointed as an audit committee member within the bank’s 
organisational structure shall be considered as an independent board member within the framework of the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine the 
“independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “Tier 1” companies. Those 
nominated for such positions must be evaluated by the “Nomination Committee” of the board of directors for 
fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. The board of directors is 
required to prepare a list of nominees based on this evaluation for final review by the CMB, which is 
authorised to issue a “negative view” on any nominee and prevent their appointment as independent members 
of the board of directors. The Corporate Governance Communiqué also requires listed companies to establish 
certain other board committees. “Tier 2” and “Tier 3” public companies are not required to go through the 
CMB pre-assessment for the appointment of independent directors, although the nominations must still be 
evaluated by the Nomination Committee. 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board 
members, the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all 
related-party transactions, transactions creating any guarantee, pledge or mortgage in favour of third parties, 
transactions that may result in a conflict of interest with the company or its subsidiaries and certain other 
transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué. For example, material transactions, 
which are described as the lease, transfer or establishment of rights in rem over the total or a substantial part 
of the listed company’s assets, the acquisition or lease of a material asset, must be approved by the majority of 
the independent board members. If the majority of the independent directors do not vote in favour of such 
board resolutions, the relevant transaction will be subject to the approval of the shareholders, which will 
convene without required meeting quorums and where the related parties to those transactions will not be able 
to vote. The foregoing framework also applies to all related-party transactions as well as transactions creating 
any guarantee, pledge or mortgage in favour of third parties. For banks and financial institutions, transactions 
with related parties arising from their ordinary activities are not subject to the requirements of related party 
transactions. 
The Capital Markets Law authorizes the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate 
governance principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with 
the new principles, which include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to 
revoke any unlawful transactions or actions that contradict with these principles. 
On 2 October 2020, the CMB amended the Corporate Governance Communiqué to provide that publicly held 
companies that are subject to the corporate governance principles are also to be subject to the principles 
specified in the Sustainability Principles Compliance Framework (in Turkish: Sürdürülebilirlik İlkeleri Uyum 
Çerçevesi), which seeks to increase Turkish companies’ attention to environmental, social and corporate 
governance principles and thereby enhance their attractiveness to international investors. Although the 
application of such principles is voluntary for publicly held companies, companies are required to state in their 
annual activity report whether they adhere to the principles (i.e., “comply or explain”). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the mandatory principles under the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué, as well as with applicable requirements for having independent 
directors.

--- Page 272 ---
253 
 
 
In 2007, the CMB had issued a rating communiqué enabling rating agencies to rate companies on the basis of 
their compliance with the applicable principles. In 2008, following a corporate governance rating report issued 
by SAHA Corporate Governance and Credit Rating Services Inc., the Bank was included among the leading 
companies that form the Borsa Istanbul Corporate Governance Index. The report provided the Bank with a 
corporate governance rating of 8.02 out of 10. Following repeated reviews by SAHA Corporate Governance 
and Credit Rating Services Inc., the Bank’s corporate governance rating was upgraded to 9.62, 9.62 and 9.69 
in 2019, 2020 and 2021 respectively. 
The Bank considers environmental and social governance factors in its corporate governance strategy. The 
Bank’s approach to sustainability focuses on environmental, social and corporate governance goals. With 
respect to the environment, the Bank’s goal is to address climate change and increase sustainable finance by 
diversifying sustainable product portfolios and integrating climate risks into credit risk modelling. Since the 
Bank started reporting on sustainability in 2010, the Bank has provided Türkiye’s first green project finance 
loan, introduced electric-hybrid vehicle loans and operates a zero waste management system in its head 
offices. With respect to social development, the Bank’s goals are to increase financial inclusion for small and 
medium sized enterprises and to develop sector specific policies in relation to responsible banking. The Bank 
has also focused on female employment, has developed online gender equality training for its employees and 
achieved an employee satisfaction rate of 77% according to the Bank’s employee engagement survey 
conducted in 2020 and 70% in 2021. In general, the Bank works to attract new talent for future skills, build a 
diverse, engaged and trained workforce and to provide a flexible and adaptive work environment. Key 
approaches in this respect include the existence of a whistleblower programme and the composition of the 
board of directors being in line with CMB regulation. 
Compensation 
The Bank’s compensation policy aims to remunerate fairly and in a manner that is consistent with the nature 
of work and structure of the general market or the sector, in order to enhance talent and key staff 
attraction/retention capability and people motivation. The compensation package is composed of base pay and 
variable pay. The variable pay is linked to the realisation of the Bank’s strategic targets. 
In general, base pay depends upon the position and the work completed whilst variable pay depends on 
performance. Thus, the compensation system allows the bank to reward employees according to their level of 
contribution and responsibility in order to reach the goals of the institution. 
Salaries and other benefits paid to the Group’s senior management amounted to TL 127,979 thousand as of 30 
September 2023, TL 263,289 thousand as of 31 December 2022, TL 131,849 thousand as of 31 December 
2021 and TL 92,276 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
Conflicts 
None of the members of the Bank’s Board or Senior Management has any existing or potential conflicts of 
interest with respect to his duties to the Bank and his private interests or other duties.

--- Page 273 ---
254 
 
 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s share capital consisted of 8,447,051 thousand authorised 
shares with a nominal value of TL 0.01 each. The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul.  
As a result of the effects of the earthquake, disaster in Türkiye on the sectors in which the Bank operates and 
on Turkish capital markets, management believed that the Group’s share price traded on Borsa Istanbul did 
not reflect the actual performance of the Bank. In order to protect the value of shareholders’ investments, the 
Bank initiated a share buyback programme between 15 February 2023 and 15 May 2023 and determined the 
maximum amount of funds to be allocated for share buybacks to be 750,000,000 TL. No shares were 
repurchased under the programme.  
The Bank’s issued and fully paid up share capital was held as of the dates specified as follows: 
As of 30 September 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
As of 31 December 2021 
As of 31 December 2020 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
Shareholders 
Koç Financial Services A.S.(1)........................
40.95
3,459,065
40.95
3,459,065
40.95
3,459,065
40.95
3,459,065
Koç Holding A.Ş.(2)........................................
20.22
1,707,666
27.02
2,282,667
9.02
762,197
9.02 
762,197
UniCredit S.p.A.(2) .........................................
-
-
-
-
18.00
1,520,469
20.00
1,689,410
Other shareholders (minorities)(3)...................
38.83 
3,280,319 
32.03 
2,705,319 
32.03 
2,705,319 
30.03  
2,536,378  
Historical share capital ...................................  
100 
8,447,051 
100 
8,447,051 
100 
8,447,051 
100  
8,447,051 
(1) As of 31 December 2019, 50% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital were owned by UniCredit S.p.A. and the remaining 50% was owned 
by the Koç Group. Since 5 February 2020, 100% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital is owned by the Koç Group. 
(2) Between 31 December 2020 and 30 September 2022, Koç Holding A.Ş. acquired 18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital with a total 
nominal value of TL 1,520,469 thousand from UniCredit S.p.A. and UniCredit S.p.A. sold its remaining shares in the Bank on the market, 
comprising 2.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital.  As of 1 April 2022, the share transfer finalized and Koç Holding's direct stake in the 
Bank's outstanding share capital increased from 9.02% to 27.02% whereas Koç Group’s direct and indirect shares reached to 67.99%. On 28 July 
2023, Koç Holding A.Ş. sold 6.81% of the Bank's issued share capital and its direct stake in the Bank's outstanding share capital decreased from 
27.02% to 20.22%, and direct and indirect stake in the Bank's outstanding share capital decreased from 67.99% to 61.17%. For additional 
information, see “—Ownership” below. 
(3) “Other shareholders (minorities)” includes 0.02% held indirectly by the Koç Group through entities other than Koç Financial Services A.S. and 
Koç Holding A.Ş. 
Ownership 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s controlling shareholder is the Koç Group with a 61.17% 
stake and approximately 38.83% of the Bank’s shares are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders. 
The direct or indirect acquisition of shares, which represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank, or 
the direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of shares resulting in the total number of shares held by a 
shareholder to increase above or fall below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the 
permission of the BRSA. In addition, irrespective of these thresholds, an assignment and transfer of privileged 
shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors or audit committee or issuance of new 
shares with such privileges is also subject to the authorisation of the BRSA.  
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş. (“KFS”), which was 
jointly owned by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.. In November 2019, the Koç Group and UniCredit 
S.p.A. reached an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure (the “2019 Share Sale and Purchase 
Agreement”). On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the contemplated share 
transfers, whereby UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital and 
the Koç Group increased its ownership to 49.97%.  Immediately after the completion of the share transfers 
between the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through 
accelerated book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors.  The sale 
took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00%. 
UniCredit S.p.A. sold its remaining shares in the Group on the market, comprising 2% the Bank’s outstanding 
share capital. As a result of sale by UniCredit S.p.A. of 2% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital, its 
ownership in the Bank’s share capital decreased from 20% to 18% and the proportion of the Bank’s share 
capital that is held by minority shareholders has increased from 30.03% to approximately 32%.

--- Page 274 ---
255 
 
 
In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced that pursuant to a right of first offer under 
the 2019 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç Holding”) will acquire an additional 
18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from UniCredit S.p.A. (the “2022 Share Acquisition”).   
Following approval from regulatory authorities in Türkiye and abroad, the share transfers relating to the 
disclosed purchase by Koç Holding of 18.00% of the Bank’s shares from UniCredit S.p.A. has been finalized 
as of 1 April 2022. As a result, Koç Holding’s direct share in the Bank increased from 9.02% to 27.02% 
whereas its direct and indirect shares in the Bank reached 67.99%. As Koç Holding’s direct and indirect 
shares in the Bank went above the 50% threshold defined in CMB’s Communique on Takeover Bids, a 
mandatory tender offer has been triggered for Koç Holding for the shares of the other Bank’s shareholders. 
Accordingly, Koç Holding applied to CMB for the approval of the mandatory tender offer. 
On 28 July 2023, Koç Holding sold 6.81% of the Bank's issued share capital to institutional investors through 
a bookbuild process. As a result, Koç Holding's direct stake in the Bank's outstanding share capital decreased 
from 27.02% to 20.22%, and the Koç Group's direct and indirect stake in the Bank's outstanding share capital 
decreased from 67.99% to 61.17%. The Koç Group continues to be the controlling shareholder of the Bank. 
Controlling Shareholders 
Koç Financial Services 
KFS is a financial holding company 100% owned by Koç Holding As a result of a transfer of shares on 5 
February 2020, Koç Financial Services became the owner of 40.95% of the Bank. 
Koç Holding A.S. 
Koç Holding is one of Türkiye’s largest conglomerates in terms of turnover and exports, with operations in the 
energy, automotive, consumer durables and finance sectors. Koç Holding derives its strength from a large 
distribution network and after sales services, a wide customer base in different business segments together 
with strong customer relationship management capabilities enabling efficient upward and cross selling, 
leading brands and strong recognition and optimum portfolio diversification. In the year ended 31 December 
2018, Koç Holding had total sales that corresponded to 10% of Türkiye’s GDP and exports that comprised 8% 
of Türkiye’s total exports. In the year ended 31 December 2019, Koç Holding generated U.S.$55.3 billion in 
total revenues, had total sales that corresponded to 8% of Türkiye’s GDP and exports that comprised 9% of 
Türkiye’s total exports. In the year ended 31 December 2020, Koç Holding generated U.S.$46.3 billion in 
combined revenues that corresponded to 6.4% of Türkiye’s GDP and exports that comprised 6.7% of 
Türkiye’s total exports. 
As a result of the transfer of shares on 5 February 2020, Koç Holding became the sole shareholder of Koç 
Financial Services, which in turn held 40.95% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital. Additionally, Koç 
Holding directly holds 27.02% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital, as described further under “—
Ownership” above.

--- Page 275 ---
256 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Related parties include entities that are directors, shareholders or affiliates of, or entities under common 
management or control with, the Bank. Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to 
control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial or operational 
decisions. The Group is controlled by the Koç Group.  
All of the related-party credit applications must go through the Group’s normal credit review process. All 
extensions of credit to the related parties are made on an arm’s length basis and the credit and payment terms 
in respect of such credits are no more favourable than those offered to third parties. 
The Banking Law places limits on a bank’s exposure to related parties. Under the Banking Law, the total 
amount of loans to be extended by a bank to its risk group must not be more than 20% of its own funds. As of 
30 September 2022, the Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled TL 14,532,590 thousand, an 
amount corresponding to 11.7% of its own funds; the Bank is therefore within the limits of the Banking Law 
in terms of its exposure to its subsidiaries and other affiliates. 
The following tables show the loans of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2023 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables
Balance at the beginning of the period......................
 46,501 
 1,784 
 176,501 
 903,139 
 12,012,206 
 5,772,850 
Balance at the end of the period................................
49,018 
2,641 
33,475 
844,410 
18,076,890 
8,347,267 
Interest and commission income received(3)...................
52,415 
1,145 
23,617 
3,013 
2,986,847 
33,630 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
(3)    Prior period presents profit / loss information of 30 September 2022. 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables
Balance at the beginning of the period...................
22,481
2,838 
416,619
1,070,846 
8,119,787
3,310,640 
Balance at the end of the period.............................
46,501
1,784 
176,501
903,139 
12,012,206
5,772,850 
Interest and commission income received(3)................
835 
5 
45,557 
1,836 
1,187,014 
19,548 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
(3)    Prior period presents profit / loss information of 30 September 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables
Balance at the beginning of the period...................
     40,512 
      3,498 
    969,369 
    898,824 
 5,231,297 
 2,078,697 
Balance at the end of the period.............................
18,011 
2,838 
3,012,999 
1,070,846 
7,118,175 
3,310,640 
Interest and commission income received...................
605 
30 
27,507 
6,288 
508,238 
9,562 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities.

--- Page 276 ---
257 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020(3) 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables
Balance at the beginning of the period......................
4,654 
3,351 
815,658 
1,199,169 
 2,568,348 
 3,147,488 
Balance at the end of the period................................
40,512 
3,498 
969,369 
898,824 
5,231,297 
2,078,697 
Interest and commission income received......................
213 
40 
17,333 
6,841 
325,462 
10,768 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
(3) ‘Interest and commission income received’ is presented for the nine months ended 30 September 2020. 
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022(3) 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022(3) 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022(3) 
(TL, thousands)
Beginning of the period......
570,543 
406,888
27,832,583 
38,214,095
70,401,031 
50,919,449
End of the period................
79,964 
570,543
26,489,896 
27,832,583
104,263,408 
70,401,031
Interest 
expense 
on 
deposits ..............................
9,711
6,651
1,380,136
1,510,916
2,523,780
1,023,254
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits. 
(3) ‘Interest expense on deposits’ is presented for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. 
 
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect shareholders 
of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s 
risk 
group(1)(2) 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2021 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2021 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
Beginning 
of 
the 
period..........................
406,888
228,452 
38,214,095
24,513,619 
50,919,449
30,833,207 
End of the period ........
570,543
406,888 
27,832,583
38,214,095 
70,401,031
50,919,449 
Interest expense on 
deposits.......................
9,601
7,445
1,990,833
1,642,0231
1,482,225
1,781,259
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits.

--- Page 277 ---
258 
 
 
The following table shows the forward and option agreements and other derivative instruments with the 
Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk group 
Group’s risk group(1) 
For the 
nine 
months 
ended 30 
September 
2023 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2022(4) 
For the 
nine 
months 
ended 30 
September 
2023 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2022(4) 
For the 
nine 
months 
ended 30 
September 
2023 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2022(4) 
(TL, thousands)
Transactions at fair value through 
profit or loss(2) 
Beginning of the period(3)........................
—
—
1,886,536 
2,828,070 
1,273,964 
379,300
End of the period(3)..................................
—
—
3,995,301 
1,886,536 
7,644,043 
1,273,964
Total profit/loss...................................... 
— 
— 
13,244 
18,229 
(57,524) 
(357,968) 
Transactions for hedging purposes(2) 
Beginning of the period(3)........................
—
—
—
525,855
—
—
End of the period(3)..................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total profit/loss...................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The Bank’s derivate instruments are classified as “Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” or “Derivate financial 
instruments held for hedging” according to TAS 39. 
 
(3) The balances at the beginning and end of the periods are disclosed as the total of buy and sell amounts of derivate financial 
instruments. 
(4) ‘Total profit/loss’ is presented for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. 
The following table shows the forward and option agreements and other derivative instruments with the 
Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk group 
Group’s risk group(1) 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2022 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2022 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2022 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(TL, thousands)
Transactions at fair value through 
profit or loss(2) 
Beginning of the period(3) .......................
— 
— 
2,828,070 
1,573,859 
379,300 
1,585,212 
End of the period(3) .................................
— 
— 
1,886,536 
2,828,070 
1,273,964
     379,300 
Total profit/loss .....................................  
— 
— 
192,197 
53,810 
(349,753) 
(568,127) 
Transactions for hedging purposes(2) 
— 
 
 
Beginning of the period(3) .......................
—
— 
525,855
516,747 
—
— 
End of the period(3) .................................
—
— 
—
525,855
—
— 
Total profit/loss .....................................  
— 
— 
— 
25,855 
— 
— 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The Bank’s derivate instruments are classified as “Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” or “Derivate financial 
instruments held for hedging” according to TAS 39. 
(3) The balances at the beginning and end of the periods are disclosed as the total of buy and sell amounts of derivate financial 
instruments. 
In December 2013, the Bank repaid a EUR 350 million subordinated loan facility advanced by Goldman 
Sachs International and received a new subordinated loan facility from UniCredit Bank Austria AG in the 
amount of U.S.$470 million. The Bank repaid U.S.$200 million in January 2019 and U.S.$270 million 
remains outstanding. The new facility has a ten-year maturity.

--- Page 278 ---
259 
 
 
TURKISH BANKING SYSTEM 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking market has been provided for background purposes 
only. The information has been extracted from third party sources that the Bank believes to be reliable but the 
Bank has not independently verified such information. 
The data provided in this section has been derived from information of the Banks Association of Türkiye. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, data as of 30 September 2019, 31 December 2019, 31 March 2020, 30 
June 2020, 30 September 2020 and 30 September 2021 were available. 
As at 30 September 2022, 48 banks were operating in Türkiye (excluding three banks under the administration 
of the SDIF and six participation banks). Three of these banks were public sector commercial banks, eight 
were privately owned deposit banks, 21 were foreign banks (including branches of foreign banks, banks with 
majority foreign shareholding and joint ventures between Turkish and foreign shareholders), and 16 were 
domestic development and investment banks (four of which having foreign shareholding and three having 
public shareholding). There were also six participation banks in Türkiye, which conducted their business 
under the relevant legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles. The former Banking Law 
numbered 4389 (the “Former Banking Law”) was replaced by the Banking Law on 1 November 2005 and 
the secondary Turkish banking legislation has changed substantially between 2005 and 2021. The Banking 
Law permits commercial banks to engage in all fields of financial activities including deposit taking, corporate 
and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, certain capital markets activities, securities trading and 
investment banking (except collecting participation funds) and financial leasing activities. 
The Turkish banking system has become increasingly competitive over the last decade. The expansion of the 
Turkish banking sector was initially fuelled by economic growth and the liberalisation of the economy and 
went through a rapid and significant consolidation as many banks with weaker financial standing were taken 
over by the SDIF and removed from the sector. The Government has also contributed to structural 
improvements in the banking system through various regulatory arrangements, including standardised 
accounting practices, external auditing, higher capital adequacy standards, stricter treatment of 
non-performing credits and the proposed phasing out of deposit insurance. The objective of these regulatory 
changes has been to strengthen the banking sector and to increase the transparency and overall efficiency of 
the Turkish banking sector. 
Following the financial crisis in 2001, the BRSA started to intervene actively in the banking sector. The 
BRSA is an autonomous and independent body and is the sole regulatory and supervisory authority for the 
Turkish banking system. The BRSA required privately-owned commercial banks that had the authority to 
accept deposits to undergo a three-tier audit process in 2001, which was strictly monitored by the BRSA. The 
three-tier audit process was then by far the most comprehensive audit completed on Turkish banks, 
comprising a full audit by two independent auditors as well as BRSA auditors. A detailed analysis of each 
bank’s cash flows was undertaken, with a significant proportion of its credits being evaluated and an 
aggressive position taken on classifying credits as non-performing. The most conservative of the three audit 
reports was then delivered to the BRSA to enable it to evaluate each bank’s financial position. This process 
was completed by mid-2002. Moreover, in line with the regulations of the Former Banking Law, banks 
established risk management departments reporting directly to their respective boards of directors. 
Accordingly, since 2002 risks taken by Turkish banks in terms of market, credit and operations are required to 
be calculated and monitored by these risk management departments.

--- Page 279 ---
260 
 
 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of (or for the period ended 
on) the indicated dates. 
As of (or for the year ended) 
30 September 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(TL, millions, except percentages)
Balance sheet
Loans(1).....................................
10,167,983
7,163,788
4,674,073
3,434,336
2,308,603
2,088,599
Total assets...............................
19,310,393
13,159,774
8,498,120
5,669,296
3,904,022
3,403,305
Customer deposits....................
12,158,626
8,025,102
4,760,170
3,142,205
2,351,444
1,899,352
Shareholders’ equity.................
1,636,174
1,226,088
613,561
519,021
425,808
367,745
Income statement
Net interest income ..................
428,464
708,891
250,433
201,031
154,381
139,267
Net fees and commissions 
income......................................
186,862 
122,726 
60,981 
43,175 
47,460 
35,590 
Total income ............................
1,027,558
1,023,434
355,289
265,236
214,814
188,977
Net Profit..................................
401,505
401,914
87,474
54,786
46,404
52,026
Key ratios
Loans to customer deposits 
ratio..........................................
83.62%
89.26%
93.62%
103.57%
98.20%
110.00%
Net interest margin(2) ...............
3.71%
6.84%
3.94%
4.22%
4.00%
4.00%
Return on average tangible 
shareholders’ equity .................
34.60%
40.02%
14.00%
10.51%
11.10%
15.00%
Capital adequacy ratio..............
18.06%
19.17%
18.06%
18.32%
18.00%
16.90%
___________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
Note: 
Banks controlled by the SDIF and participation banks are not included in these figures. 
(1) 
Due to the implementation of TFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, NPLs were excluded from the “Loans” line item as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022. As such, NPLs have been excluded from the “Loans” line items as of 31 December 2018 and 2019 for comparison purposes. 
(2) 
Calculated as net interest income/(expense) divided by the average interest-earning assets (securities, performing loans and other interest-
earning assets) for the applicable period. 
As of and for the 
nine months ended 30
September 2023
twelve months ended 31 
December 2022
(%)
Loan Growth .................................................................................................................
42
53
TL  .........................................................................................................................
43
77
FC (USD) ..............................................................................................................
(4)
(17)
Customer Deposit Growth ............................................................................................
52
69
TL  .........................................................................................................................
68
151
FC (USD) ..............................................................................................................
(10)
(16)
Securities Growth .........................................................................................................
46
81
TL  .........................................................................................................................
48
115
FC (USD) ..............................................................................................................
(2)
(1)
NPL Ratio.....................................................................................................................
1.5
2.1
Capital adequacy ratio (CAR)1  .....................................................................................
18.1
19.2
TL Loan – Deposit Spread ............................................................................................
(1.1)
4.4
Return on tangible equity (RoTE).................................................................................
34.6
40.2
____________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
Notes: 
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratio includes the impact of BRSA Temporary Forbearances. 
 
For a discussion of competition in the Turkish banking sector please see “Business of the Bank—
Competition.”

--- Page 280 ---
261 
 
 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Türkiye are governed by two primary regulatory authorities in 
Türkiye, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Former Banking Law established the BRSA, which ensures that banks observe banking legislation, 
supervises the application of banking legislation and monitors the banking system. Accordingly, the BRSA is 
authorised and obliged to take all steps to assure the effective functioning of the credit system in Türkiye and 
to prevent all transactions and practices which could jeopardise the disciplined and safe functioning of the 
Turkish banking sector. The BRSA has administrative and financial autonomy. The Banking Law, which 
abolished and replaced the Former Banking Law, came into force upon publication thereof in the Official 
Gazette dated 1 November 2005. The Banking Law was passed to increase confidence and stability in 
financial markets, ensure efficient operation of the credit system, and protect the rights and interest of deposit 
holders. The Banking Law includes provisions regarding capital adequacy, efficiency of control and audit to 
be carried out by the BRSA, creation of market discipline, and enforcing liability insurance requirements for 
third party service providers to banks, such as sworn auditors and credit rating agencies. Historically, its head 
office has been in Ankara. However, as of 13 February 2011 and pursuant to Law No. 6111, the head office 
was relocated to Istanbul. 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the 
issuance of bank notes, implementation of the Government’s fiscal and monetary policies, regulation of the 
money supply, management of official gold and foreign exchange reserves, supervision of the banking system 
and advising the Government on financial matters. The Central Bank is empowered to determine the inflation 
target together with the Government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. 
The Central Bank exercises its powers independently and is responsible for its affairs within the bounds of the 
Government’s defined policies. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including foreign banks. The Central 
Bank sets mandatory reserve levels and liquidity ratios. In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, 
on a current basis, information adequate to permit off site evaluation of its financial performance, including 
balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ reports and auditors’ reports. Under current 
practice, such reporting is required on a daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and semi-annual basis, depending 
on the nature of the information to be reported. Official certified bank auditors, who are responsible for the 
onsite examination of banks, implement the provisions of the Banking Law and other related legislation, 
examine on behalf of the BRSA all banking operations and analyse the relationship between assets, liabilities, 
net worth, profit and loss accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of 
Banks, as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057 
(the “Internal Systems Regulation”), banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves 
and all of their consolidated affiliates) internal audit and risk management systems commensurate with the 
scope and structure of their activities, in compliance with the provisions of the regulation. Pursuant to such 
regulation, the internal audit and risk management systems are to be vested in a department of the bank that 
has the necessary independence to accomplish its purpose and such department will report to the bank’s board 
of directors. To achieve this, according to the regulation, the internal control personnel cannot also be 
appointed to work in a role conflicting with their internal control duties. The Internal Systems Regulation also 
requires banks to internally calculate the amount of capital required to cover the risks to which they are or 
may be exposed on a consolidated basis and with a forward-looking perspective, taking into account the 
bank’s near- and medium-term business and strategic plans. This process, referred to as the “Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process,” should be designed according to the bank’s needs and risk attitude and 
should constitute an integral part of the decision-making process and corporate culture of the bank. In this 
context, each bank is required to prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP 
Report”) representing the bank’s own assessment of its capital requirements. An ICAAP Report is required to 
be submitted annually to the BRSA, together with the stress test analysis, the internal audit report on the 
internal capital adequacy assessment process and the model validation report by the end of March of the 
following year. The board of directors of a bank is responsible for maintenance of adequate equity to ensure 
establishment and implementation of the ICAAP Report.

--- Page 281 ---
262 
 
 
Pursuant to the recent amendments introduced to the Banking Law, the Central Bank has been empowered to 
determine maximum interest rates for lending and deposit taking activities of banks, as well as fees, expenses 
and commissions charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activities. 
The Turkish Banking Association acts as a limited organisation of supervision and coordination. All banks in 
Türkiye are obliged to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, 
the association aims to examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its 
regulatory and disciplinary functions, it does not possess any powers to regulate banking. 
Shareholding 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any 
bank or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a person if the total number of shares 
held by such person increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, 
requires the permission of the BRSA in order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated 
with such shares. In addition, irrespective of these thresholds, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares 
with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors or audit committee or issuance of new shares 
with such privileges is also subject to authorisation by the BRSA. In the absence of such authorisation, a 
holder of such thresholds of shares cannot be registered in the share register, which effectively deprives such 
shareholder of the ability to participate in shareholder meetings or to exercise voting or other shareholders’ 
rights with respect to the shares but not of the right to collect dividends declared on such shares. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for ensuring that shareholders attending general assemblies 
have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA. If the BRSA determines that a shareholder has 
exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due 
authorisation as described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a 
bank to cancel any applicable general assembly resolutions. If the shares are obtained on the stock exchange, 
then the BRSA may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or 
transfer shares as described in the preceding paragraph without BRSA authorisation. Unless and until a 
shareholder obtains the necessary share transfer approvals from the BRSA, the SDIF has the authority to 
exercise such voting and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and priority 
rights) attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
Turkish law sets out certain limits on the asset profile of banks and other financial institutions designed to 
protect those institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties), 
in particular: 
 
Credits extended in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as 
large credits and the total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ 
equity. In this context, credits include cash credits and non-cash credits such as letters of guarantee, 
counter guarantees, sureties, avals, endorsements and acceptances extended by a bank, bonds and 
similar capital market instruments purchased by it, loans (whether deposits or other), receivables 
arising from the future sales of assets, overdue cash credits, accrued but not collected interest, 
amounts of non-cash credits converted into cash and futures and options and other similar contracts, 
partnership interests and shareholding interests. 
 
The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 
25% of its equity capital. In calculating such limit, a credit extended to a partnership is deemed to be 
extended to the partners in proportion to their liabilities. A risk group is defined as an individual, his 
or her spouse and children and partnerships in which any one of such persons is a director or general 
manager, deputy general managers and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent 
or higher positions in the hierarchy as well as partnerships that are directly or indirectly controlled by 
any one of such persons, either individually or jointly with third parties, or in which any one of such 
persons participate with unlimited liability. Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or 
more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to nominate board members, its board members, general 
manager, deputy general managers and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent

--- Page 282 ---
263 
 
 
or higher positions in the hierarchy, and his or her spouse or children and partnerships directly or 
indirectly, individually or jointly, controlled by any of these persons or a partnership in which these 
persons participate with unlimited liability or in which these persons act as directors or general 
managers constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of a bank’s equity 
capital, subject to the BRSA’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to the 
legal limit. 
 
Loans made available to a bank’s controlling shareholders or registered shareholders holding more 
than 1% of the share capital of the bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s 
capital equity. 
The BRSA determines the permissible ratio of non-cash loans, futures and options, other similar transactions, 
avals, acceptances, guarantees and sureties, and bills of exchange, bonds and other similar capital markets 
instruments issued or guaranteed by, and credit and other financial instruments and other contracts entered 
into with, governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA for the purpose of 
calculation of loan limits. 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above mentioned 
lending limits: 
 
transactions backed by cash, cash-like assets and accounts and precious metals; 
 
transactions carried out with the Undersecretariat of Treasury, Central Bank, Privatisation 
Administration, the Mass Housing Administration, Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş. and Turkish 
Sovereign Wealth Fund, as well as the transactions carried out against bills, bonds and similar 
securities issued or guaranteed by these institutions; 
 
transactions carried out with the Central Bank and in legally organised money markets; 
 
in case of new credit allocations to the same person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks 
and credit cards), valuations prompted by the changes in currency rates in credits denominated or 
indexed to foreign currencies, and interests, profit shares and other such issues accrued on overdue 
credits; 
 
bonus shares (scrip issues) received as a result of capital increases, and any increase in the value of 
shares not requiring any fund outflow; 
 
interbank operations within the framework of the principles set out by the BRSA; 
 
shares acquired within the framework of underwriting services for public offering activities provided 
that such shares are disposed of in the time and manner determined by the BRSA; 
 
transactions considered as “deductibles” in the shareholders’ equity account; and 
 
other transactions to be determined by the board of the BRSA (the “BRSB”). 
Loan Loss Reserves 
Procedures relating to loan loss reserves for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in 
regulations issued by the BRSA. According to this article, banks must formulate implement and regularly 
review policies regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with 
loans and other receivables and to reserve an adequate level of provisions against impairment in the value of 
other assets, for qualification and classification of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement 
of their value and reliability. In addition, such policies must address issues such as monitoring the loans, 
follow up procedures and the repayment of overdue loans. Banks must also establish and operate systems to 
perform these functions. All special provisions set aside for loans and other receivables in accordance with 
this article are considered as expenditures deductible from the corporate tax base in the year they are set aside. 
On 22 June 2016, the BRSA has published the Provisioning Regulation which entered into force on 1 January 
2018 in lieu of the Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receiveables published in the 
Official Gazette dated 1 November 2006 and No. 26333. The Provisioning Regulation aims at ensuring

--- Page 283 ---
264 
 
 
compliance with the requirements of IFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Programme, which is a joint 
programme by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. The Provisioning Regulation requires 
banks to have adopted Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9, which is the TFRS 9 compliant financial 
reporting standards of Türkiye (“TFRS 9”) principles, (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related 
to the assessment of credit risk by the end of 2017 and to set aside general provisions in line with such 
principles. According to the Provisioning Regulation, the banks are still required to classify their loans and 
receivables in groups, but there are certain changes in the content of the groups compared to the Regulation on 
Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receivables. Please note that group classification and provision 
levels for periods before and after 1 January 2018 are not directly comparable. Pursuant to the Provisioning 
Regulation, banks are required to classify their loans and receivables into one of the following groups: 
(a) Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature and Other Receivables: 
This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of the Provisioning Regulation, includes other 
receivables and shall be understood as such elsewhere in this Base Prospectus):  
(i) 
that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities; 
(ii) 
the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the solvency 
and cash flow of the debtor; 
(iii) 
repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for more 
than 30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the 
ability to be collected in full without recourse to any security; 
(iv) 
in respect of which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been 
found; and 
(v) 
to which 12 months expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
The uncollectible loans that are written-off after having reserved requisite provisions are considered to 
be bad debt within the context of Article 322 of the Tax Procedural Law No. 213. 
(b) Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring: 
This group involves each loan:  
(i) 
that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural and legal persons and where 
negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted due 
to adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, 
or other adverse events solely related to the respective debtor; 
(ii) 
that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk carried by 
the debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan; 
(iii) 
in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest payments in 
accordance with the conditions of the loan agreement, and where the failure to resolve such 
problems might result in risk of non-collection in full without recourse to any security; 
(iv) 
where although the credit standing of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its 
credit standing on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of a weakening due to the 
debtor’s irregular and unmanageable cash flow; 
(v) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more than 30 but 
less than 90 days following its payment due date (including the maturity date) for reasons that 
cannot be interpreted as a weakening in credit standing; 
(vi) 
in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant to 
TFRS 9; 
(vii) 
repayments of which are fully dependent upon security and the net realisable value of such 
security falls under the receivable amount;

--- Page 284 ---
265 
 
 
(viii) 
that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II without 
being able to be classified as an NPL; or 
(ix) 
that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and classified as a 
performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
(c) Group III: Loans with Limited Collection Possibility: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened; 
(ii) 
that has limited possibility for the collection of the full amount without recourse to any 
security due to the insufficiency of net realizable value of the security or the debtor’s equity to 
meet the repayment of the full amount on the due date, and that would likely result in losses 
in case such problems are not resolved; 
(iii) 
collection of the principal and interest (or both) of which has/have been delayed for more than 
90 days but not more than 180 days from the payment due date; 
(iv) 
in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of the 
principal or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the 
payment due date owing to reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working 
capital or in creating additional liquidity as a result of adverse events in macroeconomic 
conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or other adverse events solely related 
to the debtor; or 
(v) 
that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or interest 
payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of a 
restructuring or have been subject to another restructuring within such one year of the 
previous restructuring. 
(d) Group IV: Loans with Doubtful Collection Possibility: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be collected in full under the 
terms of the loan agreement without recourse to any security; 
(ii) 
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly deteriorated, but 
which loan is not yet considered as an actual loss by virtue of contribution expected from 
factors such as merger, the possibility of finding new financing or a capital increase to the 
debtor’s creditworthiness and the collection possibility of the credit; 
(iii) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
180 days but less than one year following its payment due date (including the maturity date); 
or 
(iv) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be overdue for 
more than 180 days following its payment due date (including the maturity date) as a result of 
adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or 
adverse events solely related to the debtor. 
(e) Group V: Loans Having the Nature of Loss: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no collection is 
expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be collected;

--- Page 285 ---
266 
 
 
(ii) 
although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the total 
receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding one 
year; or 
(iii) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
one year following its payment due date. 
In March 2020, the BRSA implemented certain forbearance measures, allowing the loans, the collection of the 
principal and interest (or both) of which has/have been delayed, to remain categorised as Group I and Group II 
longer, and the BRSA granted a temporary possibility to the banks to use the simple arithmetic average of the 
CBRT FX buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation date, in the calculation of amount 
subject to credit risk in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, when calculating the value of 
monetary assets and non-monetary assets (excluding the FX-denominated items valued at the historical cost) 
in accordance with the TAS and the relevant special provision amounts. The BRSA announcement on 16 
September 2021 discontinued such measures, except for: (i) the possibility to classify Stage 1 loans that were 
overdue by 31-90 days as of 1 October 2021, which continued to apply to the loans that were overdue for 
more than 31 days but less than 90 days as of 1 October 2021 (but not thereafter), (ii) the possibility to classify 
Stage 2 loans that were overdue by 91-180 days as of 1 October 2021, which continued to apply to the loans 
that were overdue for more than 91 days but less than 180 days as of 1 October 2021 (but not thereafter), and 
(iii) the aforementioned temporary possibility granted to the banks to use the simple arithmetic average of the 
CBRT FX buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation date.  
On 6 July 2021, the BRSA amended the Provisioning Regulation such that the portion of the loans classified 
in Group V, for which loans allowance for credit losses expected throughout their life or special provisions 
have been set out, and, in respect of which portion there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, is to be 
written-off under TFRS 9 after the first reporting period (interim period or yearend reporting period) 
following their classification in Group V, within a period deemed appropriate by the bank specific to the 
circumstances of the relevant debtor. Accordingly, such bank must set out such period with justifications and 
have it available for inspection. In the first nine months ending 30 September 2022, the Group wrote-off TL 
2.7 bln worth of loans. 
Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, loans: (a) that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) the 
debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal 
Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette dated 
23 October 2015 and numbered 29511)  or (c) to which, as a result of a debtor’s default, the lifetime expected 
credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9 are classified as NPLs. Financial guarantees are also classified as 
NPLs on the basis of their nominal amounts in situations where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the 
creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed under the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of 
any of the circumstances stated in limbs (a), (b) or (c) above. If several loans have been extended to a debtor 
by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to such debtor 
by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans is 
classified as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective 
applicable group other than Group I. If loans extended to a debtor are classified as an NPL, the 
creditworthiness of other debtors within the same risk group with that debtor should be evaluated at the date of 
classification as NPL of that debtor’s loans. Accordingly, the loans extended to such other debtors should also 
be classified as an NPL if such loans fall within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in limbs (a), (b) 
or (c) above. 
The Provisioning Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of the 
“reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans. As for the reclassification of loans, banks are required to 
evaluate such loans with a view as to whether such loans are to be reclassified under different groups, such 
evaluation is to be made at least once during each three-month financial statement term or (irrespective of this 
period) upon the occurrence of developments that pose a risk on such debtor’s performance of its obligations, 
in macroeconomic circumstances, or in the sector in which the respective debtor operates, or solely related to 
the respective debtor regardless of the macroeconomic circumstances and the sector. Such evaluation shall be 
conducted independently from the credit and risk analysis made at the time of the extension of the loan.  
The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following conditions: (a) all overdue 
repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as an NPL have been collected in full without

--- Page 286 ---
267 
 
 
recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there has been no overdue repayment and the 
last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned in limb (a)) have been realised in 
full by their due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled. 
Furthermore, loans (i) that have been fully or partially excluded from the assets of the banks, (ii) security for 
which has been enforced to satisfy the debt or (iii) repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be 
classified as a performing loan. According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and 
numbered 8095 and dated 1 August 2019 and numbered 5477, CGF guaranteed loans and loans restructured 
within the scope of the Framework Agreement (as defined in the “Recent Amendments to the Turkish 
Insolvency and Restructurings Regime” section below) will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an 
amount overdue for more than 90 days following the due date; however, pursuant to the March 2020 
amendments to the rules, the 90 day limit was increased to 180 days until 31 December 2020. On 8 December 
2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further 
extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that this temporary rule 
would expire as of 30 September 2021, however, the temporary rule continued to apply to the loans that were 
overdue for more than 91 days but less than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan is defined as privileges granted to a debtor who faces or would probably face 
financial difficulties in relation to the repayment of the loan, to which privileges would not be granted to other 
debtors not facing such repayment difficulties. These privileges consist of: (a) amendments to the conditions 
of the loan agreement or (b) partial or full refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified 
as a restructured loan under Group II subject to the following conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial 
standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions for the applicable loan to be classified as an 
NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL for at least one year following a 
restructuring, (iii) as of the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has been no delay in principal 
and/or interest payments or any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or 
principal payments excluded from assets in relation to the restructured loan have been collected. Furthermore, 
such restructured NPL being reclassified as a performing restructured Group II loan may be excluded from the 
scope of the restructuring if all the following conditions are met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a 
restructured loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10% of the outstanding debt amount has 
been repaid during such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay of more than 30 days in 
principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such monitoring 
period and (D) the financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists. On 15 August 
2018, the BRSA published an amendment regulation to the Provisioning Regulation, introducing the 
possibility of a performing restructured loan being classified as a Group I loan, after being monitored as a 
restructured loan at least for three months and if the conditions (C) and (D), above, are met (without seeking 
the satisfaction of conditions (A) and (B), above). Further, the same amendment regulation has provided that 
changes to the loan terms for, or partial or full refinancing of, the companies, the loans of which are classified 
as Group I and that are not in distress, will not be classified as restructuring and may be monitored under 
Group I.  
Pursuant to the Provisioning Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply provisions for their loans 
pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to apply the 
applicable provisions set forth in the Provisioning Regulation instead of those required by TFRS 9, subject to 
the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-
months expected credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant 
increase in credit risk profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected 
credit loss reserve set aside due to debtor’s default” is considered as special provisions.  
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the 
portion of a loan for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due 
to the debtor’s default and that is classified under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then 
such portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be written down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first 
fiscal reporting period following its classification under Group V.   
Banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to determine their general 
and special provisions in accordance with Articles 10 and 11 of the Provisioning Regulation. In this respect, 
such banks shall set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 3.0% of their total cash loans portfolio

--- Page 287 ---
268 
 
 
under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and derivatives, general provisions to be 
set aside shall be calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-weighted amounts determined 
pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation. Subject to the presence of a written pledge or assignment 
agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, participation funds and gold deposit accounts; bonds that are 
issued by the Turkish government and the Central Bank, and guarantees and sureties provided by such, are not 
subject to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the Turkish government and the Central Bank 
are not to be considered in such calculation. As to special provisions, banks are required to comply with 
provision rules for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V at 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively. 
In respect of both general and special provisions, banks are required to consider country and transfer risks. In 
addition, the BRSA may increase such provision requirements on the basis of banks or loans, taking into 
account the concentration from time to time in matters such as loans’ size, type, due date, currency, interest 
structure, sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, security, and the credit risk level and 
management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under 
TFRS 9, the Provisioning Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine 
the net realisable values of the collaterals, from the borrower's NPLs as follows: 
Discount Ratio 
(%) 
Category I Collateral ...............................................................................................................
100
Category II Collateral..............................................................................................................
80
Category III Collateral.............................................................................................................
60
Category IV Collateral ............................................................................................................
40
Category V Collateral..............................................................................................................
20
 
According to the amendments to the Equity Regulation (as defined below) and the Capital Adequacy 
Regulation, general provisions are no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 
2 capital) of Turkish banks and are deducted from their risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines capital adequacy as having adequate equity against losses that could 
arise from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, perpetuate and 
report their capital adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less 
than 8%. Despite the 8% minimum capital adequacy ratio requirement, the BRSA has declared in the press 
that its approach is, and will continue to be, to prohibit banks with a capital adequacy ratio less than 12% from 
opening new branches. 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank 
and to revise the risk weights of assets that are based upon participation accounts, but must consider each 
bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures. 
In order to implement the rules of the report entitled “A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient 
Banks and Banking Systems” published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 
and revised in June 2011 into Turkish law, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III 
requirements in September 2013 and enacted its new regulations, the Regulation on Equity as published in the 
Official Gazette dated 5 September 2013 and numbered 28756 (the “Equity Regulation”), and amendments 
to the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks (which was later 
replaced by the Capital Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016), both of which entered into 
effect on 1 January 2014. The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to 
its existing regulations and communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 No. 
29511 and 20 January 2016 No. 29599) in accordance with the Basel Committee’s RCAP, which is conducted 
by the Bank for BIS and reviews Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations. These amendments, which 
entered into force on 31 March 2016, include revisions to the Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy 
Regulation.

--- Page 288 ---
269 
 
 
Pursuant to Article 44/3 of the Banking Law and Article 14 of the BRSA Regulation, the net worth of a bank 
(i.e., the bank’s equity) consists of main capital and supplementary capital minus capital deductions. The 
Equity Regulation defines the capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., Tier I capital), which 
is composed of core capital and additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier I capital) and 
(b) supplementary capital (i.e., Tier II capital) minus capital deductions. The Equity Regulation was amended 
on 11 July 2017, to remove certain capital deduction items such as real estate and goods held by the banks in 
specific circumstances.  
The BRSA published the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016 (the 
“Capital Adequacy Regulation”) and replaced the former regulation, namely the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks, which was published in the Official Gazette 
dated 28 June 2012 and numbered 28337. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation: (i) both the minimum 
core capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated core capital adequacy ratio are 4.5% and (ii) both 
the minimum Tier I capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated Tier I capital ratio are 6.0%. The 
Capital Adequacy Regulation maintained the capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation, but 
changed the risk weights of certain items. 
Accordingly, pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, risk weights of certain assets are decreased such 
as:  
i. 
the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%,  
ii. 
the risk weights of consumer loans (excluding residential mortgage loans and credit cards) qualifying 
as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation and 
instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their outstanding 
tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor) (on 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for 
consumer credit card instalment payments and consumer cash loans (excluding mortgage loans and 
auto loans) issued after 1 July 2021 to a range of 100% to 150% depending upon their tenor); 
provided that such receivables are not re-classified as non-performing loans (donuk alacaklar) 
(however, the BRSA is entitled to apply an increased risk weighting with respect to certain categories 
of such loans and instalment payments of credit cards if it is in the opinion that the default statistics 
justify the application of that, and with its decision on 1 July 2021 numbered 9645, it decided to apply 
(a) a risk weighting of 100% in respect of instalment payments of individuals’ credit cards with a 
tenor from 1 month up to 6 months (including a tenor of 6 months), and 150% for those with a tenor 
exceeding that, and (b) a risk weighting of 100% in respect of consumer loans (excluding residential 
mortgage loans and credit cards) with a tenor from 1 month up to 12 months (including a tenor of 12 
months), and 150% for those with a tenor exceeding that); and 
iii. 
the credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%, 
provided that those can be cancelled at any time by the bank without any condition or in an automatic 
and effective manner due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the debtor.  
While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the Turkish sovereign and the Central 
Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks be risk-weighted 
according to their credit assessment, which currently results in a 100% risk weighting for Türkiye; however, 
the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Türkiye (i.e., the “Turkish National Discretion”) 
revised this general rule by providing that all Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in 
Türkiye and the Central Bank shall have a 0% risk weight. According to the guidance published by the BRSA 
on 24 February 2017, foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank and with further 
guidance published by the BRSA on 16 April 2020 with its decision numbered 8999, all exposures to the 
Central Government of Türkiye regardless of the denomination will now also be subject to a 0% risk weight. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on 23 March 2020, the BRSA announced temporary regulatory 
forbearance measures (the “Temporary Forbearances”) that allowed banks to: (i) in their financial 
statements from 31 March 2020 through 31 December 2020, use the foreign exchange buying rates that are 
used in their 2019 year-end financial statements for TL conversion of FX-denominated risk weighted assets, 
(ii) if the net valuation differences of the securities classified in the “fair value through other comprehensive 
income” portfolio as of 23 March 2020 are negative, exclude these differences through 31 December 2020 
when calculating a bank’s legal equity in accordance with the Equity Regulation and its capital adequacy 
ratio. According to the decision of the BRSA dated 17 June 2021 and numbered 9624, most of the Temporary

--- Page 289 ---
270 
 
 
Forbearances ceased to apply. However, the BRSA has extended the temporary possibility granted to the 
banks to use the simple arithmetic average of the CBRT FX buying rates for the last 252 business days before 
the calculation date, in the calculation of amount subject to credit risk in accordance with the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation, when calculating the value of monetary assets and non-monetary assets (excluding the 
FX-denominated items valued at the historical cost) in accordance with the TAS and the relevant special 
provision amounts, until the BRSA issues a further decision otherwise. On 12 December 2023, the BRSA 
announced that, in the calculation by the banks of the amount subject to credit risk in accordance with the 
Capital Adequacy Regulation, the foreign exchange rate as at 26 June 2023 is to be used starting from 1 
January 2024. 
Amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the 
capital calculations of banks that have issued additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. 
According to these amendments, Tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are 
included in Tier 2 calculations only if they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the 2013 Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess 
amount mentioned in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by 
a bank cannot exceed 50% of its capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire 
due to their receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no 
longer deducted from a bank’s capital base. 
In addition, the Regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer and the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks were published in the Official Gazette dated 
5 November 2013 and numbered 28812, and entered into force on 1 January 2014 (with the exception of 
certain provisions of the latter regulation entered into effect on 1 January 2015). The Regulation on the Capital 
Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated 
and bank-only basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated 
by the multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital maintenance buffer ratio 
and bank-specific counter-cyclical buffer ratio. The Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the 
Leverage Level of Banks seeks to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of 
adequate equity on a consolidated and bank-only basis against leverage risks. In this context, the BRSA 
further published: (a) its decision dated 18 December 2015 and numbered 6602 regarding the procedures for 
and principles on calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (b) its 
decision dated 24 December 2015 and numbered 6602 regarding the determination of such countercyclical 
capital buffer. Pursuant to these decisions, the countercyclical capital buffer for Turkish banks’ exposures in 
Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye (effective as of 1 January 2016); 
however, such ratio might fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any 
increase to the countercyclical capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public 
announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective as of the date of the relevant public announcement. 
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, Tier II capital shall be 
calculated by subtracting capital deductions from general provisions, issuance premiums and the debt 
instruments that are not to be included in Tier I capital and have been approved by the BRSA.  
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of 
directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the New Tier II 
Conditions (except the issuance approval with the CMB) are met also can be included in Tier II capital 
calculations. In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in 
the calculation of Tier II capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general 
provisions in Tier II capital. Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, the basis for the calculation of this limit 
depends on risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. General provisions are no longer be allowed to be 
included in the supplementary capital (i.e. Tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and the aforementioned limit which 
is calculated on the basis of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk is no longer applicable. 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation 
of Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt 
instruments or loans that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital) as well as procedures and principles related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares.

--- Page 290 ---
271 
 
 
The Equity Regulation requires banks to obtain the prior permission of the BRSA for a debt to be classified as 
a “secondary subordinated debt”. In order to obtain such permission, the bank must submit to the BRSA the 
original copy or a notarised copy of the applicable agreement(s), and if an applicable agreement is not yet 
signed, a draft of such agreement (with submission of its original or a notarised copy thereof to be made after 
receipt of the BRSA’s consent). In considering any such request for its permission the BRSA will evaluate 
whether the credit in question meets the following criteria: 
 
the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and such issuance shall be approved by the 
CMB and shall have been fully collected in cash, 
 
in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments 
that are included in additional Tier I capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit 
holders and all other creditors, 
 
the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract violating the condition 
stated in the second clause nor shall it be tied to any guarantee or security, in one way or another, 
directly or indirectly, 
 
the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any 
provision that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, and 
 
the payment of debt before maturity is subject to approval of the BRSA.  
If the interest rate applied to a secondary subordinated debt is not explicitly indicated in the loan agreement or 
the text of the debt instrument or if the interest rate is excessively high compared to that of similar loans or 
debt instruments, then the BRSA might not authorise the inclusion of the loan or debt instrument in the 
calculation of Tier II capital. In cases where the parties subsequently agree that a secondary subordinated debt 
be prepaid prior to its stated maturity (but in any event after the fifth anniversary of its utilisation), they would 
be required to obtain the BRSA’s permission. Upon any such application, the BRSA will seek to ensure that 
the equity of the bank shall exceed the higher of: (a) the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated 
pursuant to the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks along with the 
procedures and principles on capital buffers that are to be set by the BRSA, (b) the capital requirement derived 
as a result of an internal capital adequacy evaluation process of the bank and (c) the higher capital requirement 
set by the BRSA (if any). 
In connection with secondary subordinated debt pursuant to which it has been agreed that a prepayment option 
shall be available and the remaining maturity is calculated by way of taking into account the originally agreed 
maturity date (i.e., not on the basis of the prepayment option date), such prepayment option can only be 
exercised with the consent of the BRSA, which would apply the equity related criteria stated above. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of Tier II capital as of the 
date of transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loan agreements and debt 
instruments that have been included in Tier II capital calculations, and that have less than five years to 
maturity, shall be included in Tier II capital calculations after being reduced by 20% each year. 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity 
level in accordance with principles and procedures to be set out by the BRSB. Within this framework, a 
comprehensive liquidity arrangement was put in place by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central 
Bank. 
The Regulation on the Calculation of Banks' Liquidity Coverage Ratios, through which BRSA seeks to ensure 
that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into 
cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, both on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis, 
was published in the Official Gazette, dated 21 March 2014 and numbered 28948 (the “Regulation on 
Liquidity Coverage Ratios”) and entered into effect immediately with the provisions thereof becoming 
applicable as of 1 January 2014 (with the exception of certain provisions relating to minimum coverage ratio 
levels, which entered into effect on 1 January 2015). The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides 
that the ratio of the high quality asset stock to the net cash outflows, both of which are calculated in line with

--- Page 291 ---
272 
 
 
the regulation, cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated and non-consolidated liquidity and 
80% in respect of total consolidated and non-consolidated foreign exchange liquidity; however, pursuant to 
the BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios, for the period between 5 January 2015 and 31 December 2015, such 
ratios were applied as 60% and 40% respectively, and such ratios shall be (and have been) applied in 
increments of ten percentage points for each year from 1 January 2016 until 1 January 2019. Unconsolidated 
total and foreign currency liquidity coverage ratios cannot be non-compliant more than six times within a 
calendar year, which includes noncompliance that have already been remedied. On 26 March 2020, the BRSA 
announced that any non-compliance by a bank with the minimum requirements for liquidity coverage ratios 
will not require such bank to report their remediation measures under the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage 
Ratios to the BRSA until 31 December 2020. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Reserve Requirements No. 2013/15 and published in the Official Gazette dated 
25 December 2013 and No. 28862 (“Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements”) and as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the reserve requirements regarding foreign currency liabilities vary by category and 
tenor.   
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, published in the Official 
Gazette dated 2 November 2023 and No. 32357, the reserve requirements effective from 27 October 2023 and 
onwards for foreign currency liabilities are as set forth below: 
Category of Foreign Currency Liabilities 
Required Reserve Ratio
Demand deposits, notice deposits, private current accounts and the deposit/participation accounts with 
up to (and including) 1-month 
 
30%
Deposit/participation accounts up to 3-month, 6-month and 1-year maturities
26%
Deposit/participation accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities
20%
Precious metal deposit accounts with up to (and including) 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and up to 1-year 
maturities
26% 
Precious metal deposit accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities
22%
Other liabilities up to 1-year maturity (including 1-year)
21%
Other liabilities up to 2-year maturity (including 2-year)
16%
Other liabilities up to 3-year maturity (including 3-year)
11%
Other liabilities up to 5-year maturity (including 5-year)
7%
Other liabilities longer than 5-year maturity
5%
 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, with the amendments effective from 27 
October 2023, the reserve requirements regarding Turkish Lira liabilities vary by category and tenor, as set 
forth below: 
Category of Turkish Lira Liabilities 
Required Reserve 
Ratio 
1) Deposit/participation accounts (excluding deposit/participation accounts held at foreign banks)
Demand deposits, notice deposits ......................................................................................................
8.0%
Up to 1 month maturity (including 1 month) .....................................................................................
8.0%
Up to 3 months maturity (including 3 months) ..................................................................................
8.0%
Up to 6 months maturity (including 6 months) ..................................................................................
0%
Up to 1 year maturity .........................................................................................................................
0%
With maturities of 1 year and longer..................................................................................................
0.0%
Deposits with FX or price protection by the CBRT with up to 6 months maturity (including 6 months)  
........................................................................................................................................................
30.0% 
Deposits with FX or price protection by the CBRT with a maturity longer than 6 months................
10.0%
2) Borrowers’ deposit accounts held at development and investment banks*................................
0%
3) Other liabilities (including deposit/participation accounts held at foreign banks)
Up to 1 year maturity (including 1 year)............................................................................................
8.0%
Up to 3 years maturity (including 3 years).........................................................................................
5.5%
Longer than 3 years maturity
3.0%
Securities issued by development and investment banks with a maturity longer than 1 year.............
0.0%
 _______________________  
* Due to laws applicable to development and investment banks, the amount deposited in such accounts cannot exceed the total 
outstanding loan amount extended by the relevant development and investment bank to such borrower. 
 
The reserve ratios listed in the table above are subject to continuous changes by the Central Bank, and the 
Bank maintains the required reserves in the amount determined by the Central Bank. Starting in September 
2010, reserve accounts kept in Turkish Lira became non-interest bearing (reserve accounts in foreign

--- Page 292 ---
273 
 
 
currencies have not been interest bearing since 2008). Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements, interest may accrue on the reserve accounts in accordance with rules and procedures 
determined by the Central Bank.  
On 19 August 2019, with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as a macro-
prudential tool to support financial stability, the CBRT decided to change the ratio of and the remuneration 
applied to required capital reserves. Accordingly, the required reserve ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities and the 
remuneration rates for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves were linked to the annual growth rates of 
the banks’ Turkish Lira-denominated standardised cash loans and cash loans under close monitoring, 
excluding foreign currency-indexed loans and loans extended to banks. For banks whose loan growth is 
between 10% and 20% (reference values), the required reserve ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities in all maturity 
brackets excluding deposits and participation funds with 1-year or longer maturity (excluding 
deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad) and other liabilities with longer than 3-year maturity 
(including deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad), was to be set at 2%. The reserve 
requirement ratios for other banks were left unchanged. Additionally, the remuneration rate of 13% previously 
applied to Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves, was set at an increased rate of 15% for banks with a 
loan growth between the reference values and at 5% to others. According to such arrangement, loan growth 
rates were to be calculated in each reserve requirement period and the banks whose loan growth was between 
the reference values were to be subject to the related reserve requirement ratios and remuneration rates in the 
next three-months (six reserve requirement periods). On 27 November 2020, as part of its simplification 
policy, the CBRT decided to abolish the differing application to banks of required reserve ratios for liabilities 
and remuneration rates for required reserves held with the CBRT, based on their annual loan growth rates. It 
further decided to set the remuneration rate applicable for all of the banks at 12% for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves and at 0% for FX-denominated required reserves. As of 15 April 2022, the 
CBRT reduced the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves to 0%. Further, the 
CBRT charges the banks a commission on the required reserves held with the CBRT for the FX-denominated 
deposit accounts and participation funds (including the precious metal accounts) at a rate of 11.0% with effect 
from 8 December 2023 to which commission is not to be applied to certain banks in case the criteria 
determined by the CBRT are met. Such rate varies from time to time. On 27 October 2023, as part of the 
efforts of the CBRT to incentivise the Turkish Lira deposits’ share in the overall deposit base, the CBRT 
announced that certain measures on such commissions charged on the required reserves held with the CBRT 
for the FX-denominated deposit accounts and participation funds are to be taken. In particular, based on the 
ratio of renewal of the banks’ FX-protected TL time deposits converted initially from FX-deposits (in the 
calculation of which renewal, such deposits renewed as standard TL time deposits, with a maturity of at least 
32 days, are also taken into account), (a) if a bank fails to attain a ratio of hundred per cent. (100%) renewal of 
its FX-protected TL time deposits converted initially from FX-deposits (in the calculation of which renewal, 
standard TL time deposits, with a maturity of at least 32 days, are also taken into account), the maturity of 
which fall within a given calculation period, such commissions will be charged by the CBRT at the level of 
six per cent. (6%) p.a. on the aforementioned required reserves, which may go up to at most eight per cent. 
(8%) p.a., depending on the distance of the actual ratio to the targeted hundred per cent. (100%) renewal ratio, 
and (b) if a bank fails achieves or exceeds the ratio of hundred per cent. (100%) renewal of its FX-protected 
TL time deposits converted initially from FX-deposits (in the calculation of which renewal, standard TL time 
deposits, with a maturity of at least 32 days, are also taken into account), the maturity of which fall within a 
given calculation period, such commissions will be charged by the CBRT at levels varying based on the ratio 
of renewal as FX-protected TL time deposits (“Renewal Ratio 1”) and the ratio of renewal as standard TL 
time deposits, with a maturity of at least 32 days (“Renewal Ratio 2”) by charging on the aforementioned 
required reserves (i) a commission of zero point two per cent. (0.2%) p.a. for each five per cent. (5%) shortfall 
if the relevant bank’s Renewal Ratio 1 is lower than seventy-five per cent. (75%) (at most, three per cent. 
(3%) p.a. of commission for having a Renewal Ratio 1 lower than seventy-five per cent. (75%)), and (ii) a 
commission of zero point five per cent. (0.5%) p.a. for each one per cent. (1%) shortfall if the relevant bank’s 
Renewal Ratio 2 is lower than ten per cent. (10%) (at most, five per cent. (5%) p.a. of commission for having 
a Renewal Ratio 2 lower than ten per cent. (10%)). On the FX-denominated deposits that the Turkish banks 
bring from abroad and hold with the CBRT in excess of the FX-denominated required reserves held with the 
CBRT, the CBRT pays a remuneration at a rate 4.5% per annum. Pursuant to the amendments to the 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, published in the Official Gazette dated 23 April 2022 and 
No. 31818, cash loans denominated in Turkish Lira, the principles of which are determined by the Central 
Bank, on the basis of the accounting standards and registration system which banks and financing companies

--- Page 293 ---
274 
 
 
are subject to, constitute assets subject to reserve requirements and the required reserve ratio was applied as 
10% for the relevant assets (as calculated on the last Friday of every four-week period) for a maintenance 
period of four weeks. However, with an amendment published on 20 August 2022 in the Official Gazette No. 
31929, such required reserve ratio for the relevant assets was reduced to 0% for banks. Instead, the reserve 
requirement maintenance being applied at a ratio of 20% was replaced by the requirement of maintenance of 
long-term Turkish Lira securities issued by the Turkish government (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Macroprudential Measures requiring Maintenance of Securities”) at 30% over the amount of TL-denominated 
commercial cash loans (subject to certain exclusions as explained in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Macroprudential Measures requiring Maintenance of Securities”) for banks, which was also abolished by the 
CBRT on 27 October 2023. Nevertheless, on 2 November 2023, the CBRT abolished the required reserve 
ratio entirely for the relevant assets, which had been applied as 0% for the banks, and introduced with effect 
from 27 October 2023, a new additional requirement on banks to hold  reserves with the CBRT at a rate of 4% 
for their foreign currency deposits and participation accounts (excluding foreign banks’ deposits and 
participation accounts and precious metal deposit accounts held with such banks), which reserves are required 
to be held with the CBRT in cash in Turkish Lira-denominated blocked accounts. 
In addition, for banks with a loan growth rate of above 20% as of 31 May 2022 in terms of the principles and 
procedures set forth by the CBRT compared with 31 December 2021, 20% of the difference between their 
outstanding loan balances between 31 December 2021 and 31 March 2022 were subject to reserve 
requirements for the period between 10 June 2022 and 24 November 2022.  
On 2 September 2022, the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements established 
additional mandatory reserve requirements for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds for the banks 
depending on the conversion rate of their depositors’ foreign exchange deposits to Turkish Lira deposits. 
According to such requirements, the banks were required to calculate and report such conversion rate to the 
CBRT and the banks with a conversion rate (i.e., a rate of conversion of customer accounts from foreign 
currencies to Turkish Lira) below 10% or with a conversion rate from 10% to 20% were required to maintain 
additional mandatory reserves of 500 basis points or 300 basis points, respectively. Effective as of 23 
December 2022, the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements published on 31 
December 2022 abolished such requirements to calculate and report such conversion rate to the CBRT and to 
maintain additional mandatory reserves. 
Furthermore, effective as of 28 April 2023, the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements 
established 
additional 
mandatory 
reserve 
requirements 
for 
foreign 
exchange 
deposits/participation funds depending on the relevant bank’s ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to such bank’s 
total deposits. Pursuant to such amendments, such ratio was to be calculated separately for the deposits of 
individual depositors and the deposits of non-individual depositors and if any of those two ratios of a bank is 
less than 60% (which was then reduced to 57%, as effective from 7 July 2023, when the CBRT also specified 
that the higher of these two ratios calculated as at the relevant calculation date and as at the two calculation 
dates immediately prior to the relevant calculation date were to be taken into account), an additional 
mandatory reserve requirement of 500 basis points (five per cent. (5%)) was to apply in addition to the general 
mandatory reserve requirements for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds. Effective as of 18 August 
2023, this requirement was also abolished with the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements published on 20 August 2023. 
The reserve requirements also apply to gold deposit accounts. Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements issued by the Central Bank (including as amended on 9 November 2021 
with effect from 28 October 2021 and as amended on 31 December 2022): (a) banks are permitted to maintain 
up to a maximum of 10% of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars until 17 September 2021 
and since then, they are no longer permitted to maintain their Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. 
dollars; and (b) banks are permitted to maintain up to a maximum of 10% of the Turkish Lira reserve 
requirements in standard gold (at 1.6 times the reserve requirement) until 23 June 2023 but thereafter they will 
no longer be permitted to maintain their Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard gold; and (c) up to the 
entire amount of reserve requirements that should be maintained for precious metal deposit accounts should be 
maintained in the form of standard gold in blocked accounts. In addition, pursuant to the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements banks are required to maintain their required reserves against their U.S. 
dollar denominated liabilities in U.S. dollars only; whereas, banks are allowed to maintain their required 
reserves against foreign currency denominated liabilities (other than U.S. dollars) in U.S. dollars or Euros.

--- Page 294 ---
275 
 
 
From April 2013, the BRSA introduced additional reserve requirements for banks that did not meet a specified 
leverage ratio. Pursuant to the Communiqué on Reserve Requirements which entered into force as of 
17 January 2014, banks must establish additional mandatory reserves if their financial leverage ratio falls 
within certain intervals. Currently, the Bank’s leverage ratio is above the required limit and the Bank has not 
been required to increase reserves to date. 
On 15 August 2017, an amendment to the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios (numbered 30155) 
increasing the inclusion ratio of the mandatory reserves held at the Central Bank to 100% from 50% in the 
calculation of liquidity coverage ratios was published in the Official Gazette. On 4 February 2022, an 
amendment to the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios reduced the inclusion ratio of the mandatory 
reserves held at the Central Bank in the calculation of the consolidated liquidity coverage ratio back to 50%. 
On 1 July 2021, the possibility to maintain the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in foreign currency was 
decreased by the CBRT from a maximum of 20% to a maximum of 10% and that that possibility was 
abolished by the CBRT as of the maintenance date of 1 October 2021. Further, on 1 July 2021, the CBRT 
commenced to apply different interest/remuneration rates on the Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves 
of the banks based on their ratio of the amount of their FX deposits converted into Turkish Lira time deposits 
with a maturity of 1 month or longer between 25 June 2021 and the relevant reserve requirement calculation 
date, to their foreign currency deposits as at 25 June 2021. On 21 December 2021, the CBRT abolished such 
application of different interest/remuneration rates and replaced that with the application of an additional 
interest/remuneration to the reserves held with the CBRT in respect of Turkish Lira time deposits converted 
from foreign currency deposits after 21 December 2021 under the Turkish government’s FX-protected deposit 
scheme (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Foreign Exchange Legislation”) and those Turkish Lira time 
deposits were exempted from the application of reserve requirements insofar those remain as Turkish Lira 
time deposits for, at least, three (3) months. The aforementioned application of additional 
interest/remuneration payment was abolished on 15 April 2022 and as of 15 April 2022, the CBRT reduced 
the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves to 0%. 
With the amendments to the Communiqué on Reserve Requirements which were published by the CBRT on 
15 January 2023, the mandatory reserve requirements for the increase compared to 6 January 2023 in certain 
foreign currency denominated liabilities of the banks obtained from abroad with a maturity longer than six 
months and which are to be specified by the CBRT will be applied as 0% until the calculation date 22 
December 2023 (inclusive). These amendments took effect from the calculation date 20 January 2023 (the 
reserve requirements in respect of which were required to be satisfied commencing from 3 February 2023). 
With the amendments to the Communiqué on Reserve Requirements, which were published by the CBRT on 
2 November 2023, the application deadline of such 0% mandatory reserve requirement was extended from 22 
December 2023 to 20 December 2024 (inclusive) and the application of such 0% requirement was widened to 
also cover the additional requirement on banks to hold reserves introduced by the CBRT on 27 October 2023. 
On 26 May 2023, the BRSA published the Regulation on the Net Stable Funding Ratio Calculations of Banks 
to align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements that seeks to strengthen the liquidity 
of banks. Pursuant to this new regulation, starting as of 1 January 2024, the three-month arithmetic mean of a 
bank’s consolidated and non-consolidated net stable funding ratios (calculated on a monthly basis) shall not be 
less than 100%. The BRSA shall also announce a minimum rate for the banks’ consolidated and non-
consolidated net stable funding ratios (as calculated monthly) and if either the consolidated or non-
consolidated net stable funding ratio of a bank falls below such minimum requirement, then such bank must 
resolve this discrepancy by the next calculation period. 
Foreign Exchange Position Requirements  
The ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net position to its capital base should not exceed 5% (previously 20%, 
prior to 9 January 2023), such calculation being required on a weekly basis. Since 9 January 2023, the BRSA 
may increase or reduce the 5% threshold by four times or one-fourth, respectively, with any reduction taking 
effect with one month’s notice.  
The net foreign exchange position is the difference between the Turkish Lira equivalent of a bank’s foreign 
exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities. For the purpose of computing the net foreign exchange 
position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by a bank and its foreign

--- Page 295 ---
276 
 
 
branches, its foreign exchange indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange purchases; for 
purposes of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive 
foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange 
indexed liabilities and its subscribed forward foreign exchange sales.  
From 9 January 2023, in the calculation of their ratio of foreign exchange net position to capital base, banks 
may take into account (i) general and special provisions that they set aside (for more details on such 
provisions, see “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Loan Loss Reserves”) and (ii) with respect to foreign 
exchange forward purchase and sale commitments, the delta equivalent of their currency options determined 
as the product of the nominal value of such options and their delta value, provided that, in such calculation, 
the purchase of call options and the sale of put options are treated as a forward foreign exchange purchase 
commitment whereas the sale of call options and the purchase of put options are treated as a forward foreign 
exchange sale commitment. Further, the BRSA also specified that, with effect from 9 January 2023, in the 
calculation of their ratio of foreign exchange net position to capital base, in respect of interest rate derivatives, 
the interests paid and collected are to be taken into account as derivative financial assets and liabilities in the 
relevant currency, whereas the exchanged principal is to be taken into account as forward foreign exchange 
purchase or sale commitment depending on the relevant currency of such principal. 
If the ratio of a bank’s net foreign exchange position to its capital base exceeds 5% (previously 20%, prior to 9 
January 2023), then the bank is required to take steps to move back into compliance within two weeks 
following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are permitted to exceed the legal net foreign exchange position 
to capital base ratio up to six times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, banks’ boards of directors shall establish audit committees for 
the execution of audit and monitoring functions. Audit committees shall consist of a minimum of two 
members who must be non-executive members of the board of directors. The duties and responsibilities of the 
audit committee include the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the banks’ internal control, risk 
management and internal audit systems, functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems 
within the framework of the Banking Law and other relevant legislation, and integrity of the information 
produced; conducting the necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the 
board of directors; regularly monitoring the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of 
directors; and, in the case of holding companies covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit 
functions of the institutions that are subject to consolidation and operate in a coordinated manner, on behalf of 
the board of directors. Furthermore, banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and 
all of their consolidated affiliates) internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate 
with the scope and structure of their activities pursuant to the Internal Systems Regulation, as issued by the 
BRSA and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057. 
The BRSA, as the principal regulatory authority in the Turkish banking sector, has the right to monitor 
compliance by banks with the requirements relating to audit committees. As part of exercising this right, the 
BRSA reviews audit reports prepared for banks by their independent auditing firms. Banks are required to 
select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Regulation Regarding the Independent Audit of the 
Banks, published in the Official Gazette on 2 April 2015, numbered 29314 (as amended from time to time). 
Independent auditors are held liable for damages and losses to relevant parties referred to under the same 
legislation. Professional liability insurance is required for (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating 
agencies and certain other support services (if requested by the service acquiring bank or required by the 
BRSA). Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate their financial statements on a quarterly basis in 
accordance with certain consolidation principles established by the BRSA. The year-end consolidated 
financial statements are required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial statements are subject to 
only a limited review by independent audit firms. With the Interal Systems Regulation, issued by the BRSA 
and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057, which was most recently 
amended on 4 March 2017, standards as to principles of internal audit and risk management systems were 
established in order to bring such regulations into compliance with Basel II requirements.

--- Page 296 ---
277 
 
 
The reports prepared by independent audit firms are also filed with the CMB if the bank’s shares are quoted 
on the Borsa İstanbul. The CMB has the right to inspect the accounts and transaction records of any publicly 
traded company. In addition, quarterly reports that are subject to limited review must also be filed with the 
CMB. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo an annual audit by certified bank auditors who have the authority 
to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA under the “Regulation on Procedures and Principles of Audit to be 
conducted by the BRSA”, published in the Official Gazette dated 22 July 2006 and numbered 26236 (“BRSA 
Annual Audits”). BRSA Annual Audits by certified bank auditors encompass all aspects of a bank’s 
operations, its financial statements and other matters affecting the bank’s financial position, including its 
domestic banking activities, foreign exchange transactions and tax liabilities. Additionally, such audits seek to 
ensure compliance with applicable laws and the constitutional documents of a bank.  Typically, as an outcome 
of the BRSA Annual Audit, the Group receives a report (the “BRSA Financial Health Report”) and has an 
opportunity to reply to the report before it is finalised, and, once the final report from the BRSA is finalised, 
makes any necessary changes required for compliance. The Central Bank has the right to monitor compliance 
by banks with the Central Bank’s regulations through off site examinations. 
Savings Deposit Insurance Fund 
Article 111 of the Banking Law relates to the SDIF and its principles. The SDIF is a public legal entity 
established to develop trust and stability in the banking sector by strengthening the financial structures of 
Turkish banks, restructuring Turkish banks as needed and insuring the savings deposits of Turkish banks. The 
SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, transfers to third parties and 
strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and control of 
which have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other 
duties imposed on it. 
Insurance of Deposits 
Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law, savings deposits held with banks are insured by the SDIF. The 
scope and amount of savings deposits subject to the insurance, the tariff of the insurance premium, the time 
and method of collection of this premium, and other relevant matters are determined by the SDIF upon 
consultation with the Treasury, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
Borrowings of the SDIF 
The SDIF may borrow in extraordinary situations upon an authorisation from the Treasury by borrowing 
Government debt securities which are issued by the Treasury where it is deemed necessary. Principles and 
procedures regarding the borrowing of Government debt securities, including their interest rates and terms and 
conditions of repayment to the Treasury, are to be determined together by the Treasury and the SDIF. 
Power to Require Advances from Banks 
If the assets of the SDIF do not meet the demands on it and the resources of the SDIF are insufficient, then 
banks may be required to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous 
year to be set off against their future premium obligations. 
Contribution of the Central Bank 
If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary circumstances, then the Central Bank will, on 
request, provide the SDIF with an advance. The terms, amount, repayment conditions, interest rates and other 
conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon consultation with the SDIF. 
Savings Deposits that are not subject to Insurance 
Deposits held in a bank by controlling shareholders, the chairman and members of the board of directors or 
board of managers, general manager and assistant general managers, and by the parents, spouses and children 
of the above, shareholders holding shares (“Qualified Shareholders”) which (i) amount to directly or 
indirectly 10% or more of the share capital of the bank or (ii) are less than such percentage but grant the 
privilege to appoint board members, legal entities controlled jointly or individually by the controlling

--- Page 297 ---
278 
 
 
shareholders, the Qualified Shareholders, the chairman or members of the board of directors or board of 
managers or general manager or assistant general managers, and deposits, participation funds and other 
accounts within the scope of criminally-related assets set forth in Article 282 of the Turkish Criminal Code 
and other deposits, participation funds and accounts as determined by the BRSA are not covered by the 
SDIF’s insurance. 
Premiums as an Expense Item 
Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense in the calculation of that bank’s 
corporate tax. 
Liquidation 
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, the SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the bank under 
the provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Act, exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office 
and creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy administration. 
Claims 
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a first-degree privileged claim 
in respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF. 
Since 1 January 2022, deposit accounts (Turkish Lira, foreign exchange currency accounts or other accounts 
linked to precious metals) opened by persons (other than official institutions, credit instiuttions or financial 
institutions) in domestic branches are insured by the SDIF up to an amount of TL 200,000 per person, in each 
deposit bank. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette 
No. 26119 dated 25 March 2006, and as amended from time to time, are as follows: 
(a) 
becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which 
domestic and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding 
with the authorised bodies of foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s 
span of duty, 
(b) 
insuring the savings deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions, 
(c) 
determining the scope and amount of the savings deposits and participation accounts that are 
subject to insurance with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, 
and the risk-based insurance premia timetable, collection time and form and other related issues 
in cooperation with the BRSA, 
(d) 
paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts from its 
sources in the credit institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA, 
(e) 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose 
shareholder rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred 
to the SDIF by the BRSA, with the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from 
the capital, and 
(f) 
taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the 
BRSA and fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such 
banks. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may 
require the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the 
Banking Law, in the event that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that:

--- Page 298 ---
279 
 
 
(a) the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements, 
(b) the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances 
in the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its 
financial structure, 
(e) the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) for domestic systemically important banks, the precautions under the precaution plan described below 
are not implemented promptly, such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is 
determined that such weakness cannot be cured even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event 
described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) 
increase such bank’s equity capital, 
(B) 
not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA 
and to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) 
increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) 
stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders, 
(E) 
dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) 
limit or stop such bank’s new investments, 
(G) 
limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) 
cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
 (ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to: 
(A) 
cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) 
cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or 
(C) 
causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate 
risks for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA, 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) 
through (h) that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its 
financial structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA 
determines that taking such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank: 
(i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding 
paragraph, to: 
(A) 
strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy,

--- Page 299 ---
280 
 
 
(B) 
dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) 
decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) 
postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to 
its employees, and/or 
(E) 
limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk 
groups or sectors, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) 
convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the 
board of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board 
member is responsible for a failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish 
efficient and sufficient operation of internal audit, internal control and risk management systems or 
non-operation of these systems efficiently or there is a factor that impedes supervision or such 
member(s) of the board of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated above, 
and/or 
(B) 
implement short, medium or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to 
decrease the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the 
shareholders with qualified shares must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) 
through (h) of the preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the 
problem cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking 
such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its 
local or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period, 
(b) apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to 
resource collection and utilisation, 
(c) remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain 
approval from the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or 
participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the 
controlling shareholders, 
(e) limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) merge with one or more other interested bank(s), 
(g) provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital, 
(h) deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary. 
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank 
within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of 
such bank cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these 
actions will not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities 
of such bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the 
security and stability of the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) 
the total amount of the liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling

--- Page 300 ---
281 
 
 
shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, 
directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or caused 
such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five 
of its board members, may revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept 
deposits and transfer the management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding 
dividends) of such bank to the SDIF for the purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third 
persons or the merger thereof; provided that any loss is deducted from the share capital of current 
shareholders. 
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the 
occurrence of any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial 
structures, banks that are classified by the BRSA as systemically important banks must create prevention plans 
and submit those to the BRSA. In the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or 
probability of the occurrence of any such events) with respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-
consolidated basis), such bank must implement the precautions indicated in their prevention plan and notify 
the BRSA of such circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation of such precautions. 
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose 
license is revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such 
bank’s licence is published in the Official Gazette. From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the 
creditors of such bank may not assign their rights or take any action that could lead to assignment of their 
rights. The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the rights of depositors and other creditors of such 
bank. The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by itself or through another bank it 
may designate. The SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of depositors against a 
bank whose banking licence is revoked. 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures 
(which are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international 
standards) when preparing their annual and financial reports. In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their 
accounting systems, correctly record all their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in 
a format that is clear, reliable and comparable as well as suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and 
records of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements 
have been misrepresented. 
When the BRSA requests a bank’s financial reports, the chairman of the board, the audit committee, the 
general manager, the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting and the relevant unit 
manager (or equivalent authorities) must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that 
the financial reports comply with relevant legislation and accounting records. In addition, foreign banks must 
have the members of the board of managers of their Turkish branches sign the annual reports. 
When the BRSA requests a bank’s annual reports, the general manager, a representative of the audit 
committee and the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting must sign the reports 
indicating their full names and titles and declare that the annual reports comply with relevant legislation and 
accounting records. 
Banks are required to submit their financial reports to related authorities and publish them in accordance with 
the BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
Further, banks are required to submit and publish annual reports that comply with the BRSA’s established 
guidelines. These reports include the following information: corporate profile, assessment by the chairman of 
the board and general manager, details on banking and subsidiaries activities, management and organisation 
structures, financial situation, corporate governance practices including human recourse implementations, 
assessment of risk management and policies and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s 
report.

--- Page 301 ---
282 
 
 
The Regulation on the Preparation and Publication of Annual Reports regulates the procedures and principles 
regarding the annual reports of banks to be published at the end of each fiscal year. According to the 
Regulation, a bank’s financial performance and the risks that it faces need to be assessed in the annual report. 
The annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be submitted to shareholders at 
least 15 days before the annual General Assembly of the bank. Each bank must submit a copy of its annual 
report to the BRSA by the end of April and keep a copy of it in its headquarters and each branch and publish it 
on its website by the end of May. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
With the Communiqué on Financial Statements to be disclosed to the public published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012, new principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of the banks 
were promulgated. The amendments to the calculation of risk weighted assets and their implication of capital 
adequacy ratios are reflected in the requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public and new 
standards of disclosure of operational, market, currency and credit risk are determined. In addition, new 
principles are determined with respect to the disclosure of, inter alia, position risks relating from securitisation 
transactions or investments on quoted stocks. 
The BRSA published amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, to the Communiqué on 
Financial Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial 
statements of banks in accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of 
Banks and the Equity Regulation. The amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to 
be disclosed to the public in line with the amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their 
implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity 
items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with the amendments to the Equity 
Regulation. Furthermore, the changes require publication of a loan agreement of the bank or a prospectus 
relating to a loan or debt instrument, which will be taken into account in the calculation of the capital of a 
(parent company) bank as an element for additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier I capital) and 
supplementary capital (i.e., Tier II capital), on the bank’s website. Additionally, banks are required to make 
necessary disclosures on their websites immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or 
conversion of a share certificate or occurrence of any other material change. 
Further, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, 
which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into 
force on 31 March 2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this 
regulation, each bank is required to announce information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated 
risk management related to risks arising from or in connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market 
and its operations in line with the standards and procedures specified in this regulation. In this respect, banks 
are required to adopt a written policy in relation to its internal audit and internal control processes. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and 
principles relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates 
the measures that Turkish companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited 
partnerships, in which the capital is divided into shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt 
in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new communiqué aims to clarify and complement the remedial 
actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of 
capital or insolvency. As companies in Türkiye prepare their financial statements in Turkish Lira, the value of 
any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira based upon the currency 
rate applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2023, the communiqué 
allows companies to disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign 
currency-denominated liability while making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies 
will not be required to apply any measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to 
maintain their capital if the relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations. 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law 
No. 5951, banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual

--- Page 302 ---
283 
 
 
financial services fee for each of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the 
population of the district in which the relevant branch is located. 
Anti-Money Laundering Policies 
Türkiye is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force and has enacted laws and regulations to 
combat money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial crimes. In Türkiye, all banks and their 
employees are obligated to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that 
may be referred to as money laundering set forth in Law no. 5549 on Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of 
Crime (the “Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime”). 
Minimum standards and duties under the Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and related 
legislation in effect, namely, the “Regulations on Programme of Compliance with Obligations of Anti-Money 
Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism” the “Regulation on Measures Regarding Prevention 
of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and Financing of Terrorism”, and the “Regulation on Suspension of the 
Transactions Pursuant to the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime” include customer identification, 
record keeping, suspicious transactions reporting, employee training, monitoring activities, designation of a 
compliance officer, and suspension of the suspicious transactions related to prevention of laundering proceeds 
of crime.  
Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board. 
The Bank believes it is in full compliance with the Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime 
and the related legislation. These regulations include requirements to have written policies and procedures on 
anti-money laundering and “know your customer” principles such as, assigning a compliance officer, an audit 
and review function to test the robustness of anti-money laundering policies and procedures, monitoring 
customer activities and transactions and employee training. 
New measures against the financing of terrorist activities in Türkiye were introduced with the entry into force 
of Law No. 6415 on Combating the Financing of Terrorism on 16 February 2013 (the “CFT Law”).  The CFT 
Law expands the scope of the offence of financing terrorism (as currently defined under Turkish anti-terrorism 
laws).  The CFT Law also presents new principles and mechanisms for identifying and freezing terrorist assets 
and facilitates the implementation of United Nations Security Council decisions, in particular, those relating to 
entities and/or individuals placed on sanction lists. 
The Group and the Bank publish their respective Corporate Policy on Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of 
Crime 
and 
Financing 
of 
Terrorism 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/corporate-governance/detail/The-Financial-Crimes-
Investigation-Board-MASAK/579/1810/0. 
Basel III 
In December 2009, the Basel Committee published a draft proposal of a new regulatory regime for capital and 
liquidity standards for banks (“Basel III”). A comprehensive quantitative impact study was conducted by 
banks during the spring 2010 based on the Basel III draft proposal, and the Basel Committee issued a final 
comprehensive framework in December 2010. On 1 February 2013, the BRSA published draft regulations for 
the implementation of Basel III in Türkiye. The consultation period for these draft regulations ended on 
1 March 2013 and the BRSA made a public announcement on 1 July 2013 that Basel III requirements to be 
adopted with the regulations will be effective as of 1 January 2014. On 5 September 2013, the regulation on 
equities of banks (i.e. the Equity Regulation) and the amendments to the regulation on capital adequacy 
requirements (i.e. the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks, which 
regulation was later replaced by the Capital Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016) were 
published in the Official Gazette numbered 28756 both of which entered into effect on 1 January 2014. In 
addition to these new regulations: (a) regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer, 
which regulates the procedures and principles regarding the calculation of additional core capital amount, was 
published in the Official Gazette dated 5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulation on the 
Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer”), (b) the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation 
of Leverage Levels of Banks, through which regulation the BRSA would seek to constrain leverage in the 
banking system and maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis against

--- Page 303 ---
284 
 
 
leverage risks (including measurement error in the risk based capital measurement approach), was published 
in the Official Gazette dated 5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulatiuon on the Measurement 
and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks”) and (c) in order to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate 
level of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for 
a 30 calendar day period, the BRSA has published the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios in the Official 
Gazette dated 21 March 2014 and numbered 28948. In the future, Turkish banks’ capital adequacy 
requirements may be further affected by the requirements of Basel III regarding regulatory capital, liquidity 
adequacy, leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements. On 6 August 2014, the BRSA announced 
that a number of draft regulations, including a guide for stress tests on liquidity and regulation on the 
calculation of internal capital adequacy, presented for public opinion as part of BRSA’s efforts of 
promulgating Basel III requirements by April 2014, had been finalised and announced in the Official Gazette. 
On 6 September 2014 an amendment to the Equity Regulation, the draft of which was presented for public 
opinion in June 2014, was published in the Official Gazette and entered into force. This amendment 
introduced certain novelties as to BRSA’s authority to write off Tier I and Tier II debt instruments. In addition 
to this amendment, on 6 September 2014, an amendment to the Regulation on the Measurement and 
Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks was published in the Official Gazette as well as other regulations as 
to calculation of capital adequacy as part of BRSA’s efforts to adopt Basel III requirements.  
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA issued certain amendments to regulatory capital regulations with a view to 
align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements, which are all published in the Official 
Gazette numbered 29511 and which are all to enter into force on 31 March 2016. Briefly these new 
regulations foresaw (i) certain amendments to the Equity Regulation, introducing certain clarifications to the 
eligibility requirements of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and also amending the regulatory 
treatment of certain capital items that are taken into account for the purposes of calculating regulatory capital 
of the banks; (ii) certain amendments to the Internal Systems Regulation imposing new regulatory 
requirements to enhance the effectiveness of the internal risk management and internal capital adequacy 
assessment including among others, introduction of new stress test requirements; and, (iii) the introduction of 
the Capital Adequacy Regulation to replace the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital 
Adequacy of Banks. The BRSA also issued draft regulation to amend the existing equity regulation with the 
intention to revise the regulatory capital treatment of certain Additional Tier 1 Notes and Tier 2 Notes issued 
by Turkish banks issued before 1 January 2014 based on their issuance dates, maturity and certain terms and 
conditions in accordance with Basel III requirements.  
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”) regulation (the 
“D-SIBs Regulation”) introducing a methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are systemically 
important in the domestic market. The contemplated methodology requires the identification of the Turkish 
DSIBs under four different categories based on their 2014 year-end consolidated financial statements, and 
requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1 to 3 per cent. of additional core capital (ilave 
çekirdek sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets. This additional core capital requirement entered into 
effect on 31 March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below. 
 
The Bank has been classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, and was classified into the second group for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The Basel III framework includes several key initiatives, which change the capital adequacy framework the 
Basel Committee previously published in 1999 (“Basel II”). The key changes are, among others: 
 
The quality, consistency and transparency of the capital base are increased. In the new framework, the 
regulatory deductions should mainly be applied to the common equity component of the capital base. 
Further, to be eligible as Tier I and Tier II capital, instruments will need to meet more stringent 
requirements. 
Groups 
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
from 1 January 2019 
4th group (empty)
0.75
1.5
2.25
3
3rd group
0.5
1
1.5
2
2nd group
0.375
0.75
1.125
1.5
1st group
0.25
0.5
0.75
1

--- Page 304 ---
285 
 
 
 
The risk coverage is further strengthened, which impacts the calculations of risk-weighted assets. These 
changes concern increased capital requirement for trading book and re securitisation activities, and were 
implemented in December 2011 throughout Europe. Further changes, to be implemented from 2013, are 
proposed under the Basel III framework for counterparty credit risk in OTC instruments and exposures 
to banks and other financial intermediaries. In particular, a new capital requirement is proposed for risk 
of changes in the credit value adjustment (“CVA”). 
 
New minimum requirements and capital buffer requirements are increased. The Basel Committee has 
defined increased minimum thresholds that banks should at all times exceed, that is, minimum 4.5% 
common equity Tier I ratio, 6% Tier I ratio and 8% capital ratio. In addition, the Basel III framework 
introduces a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% on top of these minimum thresholds. If banks do not 
meet this buffer, constraints will be imposed on the bank’s capital distribution, such as dividends. Also, 
in periods of excess growth, banks will be required to hold an additional countercyclical buffer of up to 
2.5% in order not to face restrictions. 
As the quality of the capital base is already high with common equity constituting the majority of the capital 
base, the Bank expects that the impact of the Basel III framework on its capital base will be limited and 
believes that it is already in compliance with the capital requirements set forth within the Basel III framework. 
The Basel Committee has also proposed that the risk sensitive capital framework should be supplemented with 
a non-risk based measure, the leverage ratio. The leverage ratio will be calculated as the Tier I capital divided 
by the exposure (on and off-balance sheet exposures, with certain adjustments for selected items such as 
derivatives). A minimum leverage ratio of 3% will be evaluated during a parallel run period. Another new key 
component of the Basel III framework is the introduction of increased regulations for liquidity risks. The 
objective of the liquidity reform is to improve the banking sector’s ability to absorb shocks arising from 
financial and economic stress, whatever the source, thus reducing the risk of spillover from the financial sector 
to the real economy. The Basel Committee has developed two new quantitative liquidity standards as part of 
the Basel III framework, which are the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and the NSFR. The LCR aims to 
ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality assets that can be converted into 
cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30-day time horizon under an acute liquidity stress scenario. The NSFR, 
on the other hand, establishes a minimum acceptable amount of stable funding, based on the liquidity 
characteristics of an institution’s assets and activities over a one-year horizon. These standards aim to set the 
minimum levels of liquidity for internationally active banks. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
LCR is a metric measuring the adequacy of unencumbered free liquid assets (“High quality liquid assets”) to 
meet expected net cash flows over the next 30 days. LCR is an important Basel regulation metric that 
measures short-term liquidity and is closely monitored in the Group. 
High quality liquid assets included in the LCR calculation consist of cash, effective money, CBRT accounts 
and reserves and debt instruments issued by the Treasury of the Republic of Türkiye which are treated as high 
quality liquid assets. 
Cash outflows from derivative transactions in the LCR calculation are based on inclusion of net cash flows 
with maturity of 30 days in the calculation. Additionally, transactions having a margin possibility are included 
in LCR calculation by taking the largest amount according to absolute value of net margin flows realised in 
the last 24 months in respect of 30 days period or for liability into consideration as cash outflow. 
Secured funding consists of repo and secured loan transactions. A large part of securities which are subject of 
guaranteed funding transactions consist of Sovereign Bonds issued by the Treasury of the Republic of Türkiye 
and transactions are carried out both in the CBRT market and interbank market. 
All cash inflow and outflow items related to liquidity profile of the Bank are included in liquidity coverage 
ratio tables below. The Group’s LCR based on the simple average of the last three months LCR for 30 
September 2023 was 197.48%. The table below shows the calculation of LCR for the periods indicated:

--- Page 305 ---
286 
 
 
 
30 September 2023(1) 
31 December 2022(1) 
 
Unweighted Amounts 
Weighted Amounts 
Unweighted Amounts 
Weighted Amounts 
 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
High Quality Liquid Assets 
High Quality Liquid Assets.......................................
403,678,245 
189,431,912 
272,983,478
131,335,615
Cash Outflows 
Retail and Small Business Customers Deposits .........
660,301,217 
268,729,879 
59,175,121 
26,488,909 
397,165,767 
188,483,727 
36,092,366 
18,795,427
Stable deposits......................................................
137,100,002 
7,681,580 
6,855,000 
384,079 
72,484,220
1,058,912
3,624,211
52,946
Less stable deposits ..............................................
523,201,215 
261,048,299 
52,320,121 
26,104,830 
324,681,547 
187,424,815 
32,468,155
18,742,481
Unsecured Funding other than Retail and Small 
Business Customers Deposits ...............................
312,739,010 
127,643,839 
185,715,118 
65,481,975 
281,926,371 
142,155,176 
168,334,921 
81,418,756
Operational deposits 
—
—
—
—
— 
—
—
—
Non-Operational deposits .....................................  
226,733,618 
111,505,661 
111,924,355 
49,658,144 
202,790,483 
105,269,760 
97,785,352 
44,533,340
Other Unsecured funding ......................................  
86,005,392 
16,138,178 
73,790,763 
15,823,831 
79,135,888 
36,885,416 
70,549,569 
36,885,416
Secured funding ........................................................  
-
-
-
-
—
—
116,510 
86,724
Other Cash Outflows .................................................  
 3,602,111 
 3,602,111 
 3,602,111 
 3,602,111 
3,475,231 
3,475,231 
3,475,231 
3,475,231
Liquidity needs related to derivatives and market 
valuation changes on derivatives transactions .......  
3,602,111 
3,602,111 
3,602,111 
3,602,111 
3,475,231 
3,475,231 
3,475,231 
3,475,231
Debts related to the structured financial products ..  
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Commitment related to debts to financial markets 
and other off balance sheet liabilities ....................  
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Commitments that are unconditionally revocable at 
any time by the Bank and other contractual 
commitments........................................................
353,852,078 
184,340,097 
17,692,604 
9,217,005 
258,290,430 
144,736,960 
12,914,521 
7,236,848
Other irrevocable or conditionally revocable 
commitments........................................................
490,983,472 
61,176,562 
 40,421,647 
 11,495,615 
251,677,440 
38,594,558 
22,214,640 
5,678,798
Total Cash Outflows ...............................................  
306,606,624 
116,285,615 
 
243,148,189 
116,691,784
Cash Inflows 
Secured Lending Transactions ...................................  
-
-
-
-
—
—
Unsecured Lending Transactions ...............................  
145,902,206 
50,245,972 
101,457,948 
43,639,351 
82,979,532 
40,250,599 
62,709,823 
35,883,439
Other Contractual Cash Inflows ................................
 732,136 
 26,261,854 
 732,136 
 26,261,854 
302,562  
76,848,953 
302,561 
76,848,954
Total Cash Inflows ..................................................  
 146,634,342 
 76,507,826 
 102,190,084 
 69,901,205 
83,282,094  
117,099,552 
63,012,384 
112,732,393
Capped Amounts 
Total High Quality Liquid Assets ...........................  
 403,678,245 
 189,431,912 
272,983,478 
131,335,615
Total Net Cash Outflows.........................................  
 204,416,540 
 46,384,410 
180,135,805 
29,172,946
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%) ................................  
197.48
           408.40
151.54
450.20
______________ 
(1) 
Figures are calculated based on the simple average between figures for the last three months. 
 
 
Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields 
The table below shows the calculation of Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields as of 30 September 2023 and 
30 September 2022: 
 
30 September 2023 
30 September 2022 
(TL thousands, except %)
Daily Annualisation..............................................  
1.34 
1.34 
Interest income on Performing Loans ................  
       79,936,913 
45,995,851 
TL .......................................................................
       66,330,280 
36,968,560 
Total Performing Loans .......................................  
    761,041,370 
539,949,979 
TL...........................................................................
    545,879,657 
355,242,645 
Average Performing Loans(1)...............................  
    667,335,754 
465,380,435 
TL...........................................................................
   474,046,507 
285,458,199
Performing Loan Yield...........................................
16.0%
13.2%
TL Performing Loan Yield.....................................
18.7%
17.3%
Interest cost on Deposits ......................................  
      64,198,247 
21,120,758 
TL...........................................................................
      63,327,731 
19,808,214
Deposits .................................................................  
    946,656,589 
605,190,521 
TL...........................................................................
    578,149,074 
307,360,136 
Average Deposits(1) ...............................................  
    819,358,597 
488,305,826 
TL...........................................................................
   499,939,780 
214,427,169
Cost of Deposit.......................................................
10.5%
5.8%
Cost of Deposit (TL) ..............................................
16.9%
12.4%
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads........................
5.5%
7.4%
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads (TL)................
1.8%
5.0%
______________ 
 
(1) 
Average figures are calculated as the average between the figures for the beginning and end of the period. 
 
Personal Data Protection 
The Law on Protection of Personal Data (the “Law No. 6698”) was accepted on 24 March 2016 and published 
in the Official Gazette dated 7 April 2016 and numbered 29677. A majority of the provisions of Law No. 6698 
became effective from 7 April 2016.

--- Page 306 ---
287 
 
 
Under Law No. 6698, the main requirement to collect and process personal data is to obtain explicit consent of 
the person whose data will be collected and processed (“Data Subject”). However, personal data can also be 
collected and processed without the Data Subject’s consent in any of the conditions stated below: 
 
if collection and processing is permitted by any specific law provision, 
 
if the Data Subject is under a circumstance that prevents him/her from providing consent (due to an 
actual impossibility or lack of legal capacity) and processing is necessary for protection of the Data 
Subject’s or third parties’ life or physical integrity, 
 
if processing is necessary for the formation or performance of a contract to which the Data Subject is 
a party, 
 
if processing is mandatory for a data controller to perform his/her legal duties, 
 
if personal data has been made available to the public by the Data Subject himself/herself, 
 
if processing is mandatory for assigning, using or protecting a right, 
 
if processing is necessary for purposes within the scope of work and services provided by the data 
controller, which are considered by Turkish Law its “legitimate interest,” provided that the 
fundamental rights and freedoms of the Data Subject are protected.  
Any personal data that is related to a Data Subject’s race, ethnicity, political views, philosophical beliefs, 
religion, sect or other beliefs, appearance and way of dressing, association, foundation or union memberships, 
information related to health, sex life, past criminal convictions and biometric data are considered sensitive 
personal data. Under Law No. 6698, sensitive personal data may only be processed upon the Data Subject’s 
explicit consent. The conditions to legally process sensitive personal data are as follows:  
 
obtaining explicit consent of the Data Subject and, 
 
taking necessary precautions determined by the data protection board of the Republic of Türkiye 
(“Data Protection Board”). 
However, explicit consent of the Data Subject is not required to legally process the above noted sensitive data 
under any of the conditions set out below: 
 
sensitive data, except for data concerning health and sexual life, can be processed if explicitly 
permitted by law, 
 
data concerning health or sexual life can only be processed for the purposes of protection of public 
health and planning or sustaining health-care services by an authorised body or persons who are under 
an obligation of confidentiality, 
 
collection and processing is permitted by any specific law provision, and 
 
collection and processing is mandatory for assigning, using or protecting a right. 
According to Law No. 6698, personal data may only be transferred to third parties with the Data Subject’s 
explicit consent. In the absence of such consent, personal data may still be transferred to third parties if the 
conditions mentioned above for the processing of personal and sensitive data are met. 
Personal data can also be transferred to third countries with the explicit consent of the Data Subject. In the 
absence of such consent, personal data may still be transferred to third countries if the conditions mentioned 
above for the processing of personal and sensitive data are met and the laws of the country to which the 
personal data will be transferred adequately protect personal and sensitive data. 
In case there is no adequate legal protection for personal and sensitive data in the third country, the data 
controllers in Türkiye and in the relevant country must undertake in writing to adequately protect such data 
and the Data Protection Board must also approve such transfer. The Data Protection Board will determine the 
list of countries which adequately protect and to which personal data may be transferred without the explicit 
consent of the Data Subject.

--- Page 307 ---
288 
 
 
In addition, the Banking Law provides a stricter protection regime applicable to banks in respect of customer 
secrets, defined under the Banking Law as “information collected related to an individual or entity’s banking 
related activities after the customer relationship is established”. Accordingly, if any personal data also falls 
within the scope of such definition, a specific instruction (in addition to the explicit consent requirement set 
out under the Law No. 6698) from the relevant client will be necessary for the bank to be able to share the 
customer secret with any third party. The Banking Law also grants vast authorities to the BRSA such as the 
power to prevent information sharing by banks with offshore entities at its own discretion in respect of 
specific data categories to be determined by the BRSA. Accordingly, the Regulation on Disclosure of Client 
Information (the “Client Information Regulation”) was published by BRSA and entered into force on 1 July 
2022. With the Client Information Regulation, BRSA clarified the confidentiality obligation, the applicable 
exceptions, and the concept of client secret; and set forth the procedures and general principles of sharing and 
transferring of information deemed secret under Article 73 of the Banking Law, including the sharing of 
information while benefitting from exceptions. On 11 August 2022, the BRSA further published the Circular 
on the Disclosure of Client Information No. 2022/1 to further clarify the Client Information Regulation and to 
determine the procedures for the application processes stipulated in the Client Information Regulation. 
Banks’ Information Systems 
The BRSA enacted the Regulation on Banks’ Information Systems and Electronic Banking Services (the “IT 
Systems Regulation”), which entered into force on 1 January 2021.  
In accordance with the IT Systems Regulation, a bank’s board of directors is liable for conducting effective 
supervision to manage any risks related to information systems. The IT Systems Regulation sets out that the 
board of directors must approve and establish a strategic plan, a strategy committee and a guidance committee 
related to information systems.  
The IT Systems Regulation also sets forth the standards regarding the following points to control information 
systems: 
(a) establishment of authentication mechanisms; 
(b) establishment of a track record mechanism for transactions related to information systems; 
(c) establishment of network security control systems; 
(d) security configuration management; 
(e) security vulnerability management; 
(f) cyber-attack management and cyber information sharing; and 
(g) creation of an information security awareness training programme. 
Banks’ Primary and Secondary Systems: The IT Systems Regulation clarifies the scope of primary and 
secondary systems, while requiring banks to keep these systems in Türkiye. In this regard, except for banking 
transactions such as payments, and messaging systems that require interaction abroad by nature, the 
Regulation requires banks to carry out their banking transactions without an approval procedure through a 
system abroad, and to continue providing banking services in Türkiye through their primary and secondary 
systems, even in the event of any disconnection with the networks abroad. 
Continuity of Information Systems: As per the IT Systems Regulation, banks are required to set up back-up or 
hibernation schemes for critical hardware and systems, as well as to create appropriate alternative 
communication channels should any interruptions to the network and communication infrastructure occur. 
Banks are obliged to keep records regarding the frequency, the method, and the location of back-ups. Further, 
banks are required to procure the data requested by (i) the judicial authorities conducting an investigation or 
prosecution; or (ii) the BRSA, and to retain the original copies of the data and back up the data. 
Electronic Banking Services: Pursuant to the IT Systems Regulation, banks must apply an authentication 
mechanism consisting of at least two independent components, and take measures to ensure the confidentiality 
of the authentication data. Further, banks are required to establish tracking mechanisms to detect and prevent 
unusual or fraudulent transactions under the scope of electronic banking services. Clients using the electronic 
banking services provided by banks will be explicitly informed of the terms, risks and exceptional 
circumstances regarding such services. The IT Systems Regulation provides for authentication and transaction

--- Page 308 ---
289 
 
 
security provisions related to online banking, mobile banking, telephone banking, open banking services and 
ATM banking. 
Digital Banking 
In August 2021, the BRSA published the Regulation on Operation Principles of Digital Banks and Banking as 
a Service (“Digital Banking Regulation”), which has become effective on 1 January 2022 and established 
regulatory principles for digital-only banks and banking as a service business. The Digital Banking Regulation 
enables licensed banks to provide services through digital channels without any physical branches, and set 
forth the operational principles for branchless banks as well as principles for service model banking. 
Sustainable Banking Strategy Plan 
The BRSA adopted the “Sustainable Banking Strategy Plan” prepared to determine a road map for the 
development of sustainable banking within the “Green Reconciliation Action Plan”, which was announced by 
the Presidential Circular No. 2021/15 dated 24 December 2021. The objective of this development is for the 
banking sector to take into account environmental, social and governance branches included in the global 
investment strategies. 
Green or Sustainable Debt Instruments 
On 24 February 2022, the CMB published its Gudie on Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt 
Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, Sustainable Lease Certificates (the “CMB Guide on Green or 
Sustainable Debt Instruments” or “CMB Guide”), which regulates the principles regarding green debt 
instruments, sustainable debt instruments, green lease certificates and sustainable lease certificates and their 
issuance in line with the Green Bond Principles of the International Capital Markets Association. 
According to the CMB Guide, (a) green debt instruments is defined as any listed or non-listed debt 
instruments, in compliance with the main components of the CMB Guide, whose proceeds will be used 
exclusively in financing or refinancing, partly or wholly, eligible green projects (the “Green Notes”), and (b) 
sustainable debt instruments is defined as any listed or non-listed debt instruments, whose proceeds will be 
used exclusively in financing or refinancing, partly or wholly, projects with environmental and social positive 
impacts (the “Sustainable Notes”). The CMB Guide sets forth that the same principles will apply to both of 
these debt instruments and a separate issuance ceiling must be obtained from the CMB for domestic and 
foreign issuances to be made within the scope of the CMB Guide. 
The objective of this development is for the banking sector to make Turkish issuances compliant with global 
standards by introducing green and sustainable debt instrument concepts. 
Foreign Exchange Legislation 
Decree 32 was amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce new restrictions on Turkish 
corporates utilising foreign currency loans from Türkiye and outside of Türkiye. While the new regime 
continues to maintain the existing prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign exchange loans and 
foreign exchange indexed loans, it further introduces a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank legal 
entities (“Corporate Borrower”) utilising foreign currency indexed loans and also brings in new restrictions 
on Corporate Borrowers utilising foreign currency loans (“FX Loan Restriction”). 
Accordingly, a Corporate Borrower shall only be permitted to utilise foreign currency loans if (i) it generates 
foreign currency-denominated revenue (which is defined as “the revenue derived from export, transit trade, 
sales and deliveries considered as export and foreign currency generating activities” in the new legislation) 
(the “FX Revenue Exemption”); (ii) the purpose of the loan is to finance an activity that is exempt from the 
FX Loan Restriction (the “Activity Exemption”); or (iii) if as of 2 May 2018, the unpaid outstanding balance 
of its total foreign currency loans and/or foreign currency indexed loans (“Loan Balance”) is more than 
U.S.$15 million. 
As far as the FX Revenue Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below 
U.S.$15 million, the sum of the foreign currency loan to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be 
more than the combined value of its foreign currency revenues as stated in its financial statements for the last 
three years. The Turkish-resident financial institutions are obliged to control whether such Corporate

--- Page 309 ---
290 
 
 
Borrower complies with this rule. If not, the Turkish-resident financial institutions are obliged to either cancel 
or convert into Turkish Lira, the portion of the foreign currency loan that exceeds this value. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, 
financial leasing or financing company resident in Türkiye in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the 
case of Corporate Borrowers, the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity in the context of, among 
others, (i) a domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower; (ii) defence 
industry projects approved by the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry; (iii) public private partnership 
projects; or (iv) an export, transit trade, sales and related deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower 
certifying the scope of its relevant activity and its potential sources of foreign currency revenues (muhtemel 
döviz geliri). Note that in order for a Corporate Borrower to benefit from the Activity Exemption summarised 
in item (iv), it must not have any foreign currency revenue within the last three financial years (which 
otherwise, would be subject to the FX Revenue Exemption) and the maximum amount of foreign currency 
loan such Corporate Borrower can utilise is limited to the amount stated in its certified sources of foreign 
revenue. The Ministry of Treasury and Finance is entitled to extend the scope of the Activity Exemption, and 
has exercised such authority and included, among others, privatisation tenders, public tenders awarded with an 
FX consideration and unlicensed electricity generation projects within this scope.  
Turkish Government’s FX-Protected Deposit Scheme 
Since 2021, the CBRT has established schemes to support the Turkish Lira by incentivising conversion of 
foreign currency deposits into Turkish Lira deposits, and the preference of Turkish Lira deposits over foreign 
currency. 
In December 2021, the CBRT established an FX-protected deposit scheme that provides incentives for holders 
of deposit and participation fund accounts to convert their FX deposit accounts and participation funds into TL 
time deposit accounts. The CBRT expanded the scheme to also provide incentives to convert gold deposit 
accounts and participation funds into TL time deposit accounts. 
The Communiqué on Support for the Conversion of FX Deposits to Turkish Lira Deposit and Participation 
Accounts was published in the Official Gazette dated 21 December 2021 and numbered 31696.  It provides for 
FX-protected accounts to which additional payments are made, in addition to interest or profit share income, 
to compensate for losses related to Turkish Lira exchange rate fluctuations. Such accounts can be opened by 
Turkish residents, whether legal persons or real persons, by converting USD, EUR or GBP and depositing 
them into the TL-denominated time account.  The scheme was initially made available for conversion of such 
foreign currency balances as of 31 December 2021 through 31 March 2022 but has been extended multiples 
times.  It was extended on 18 September 2023, permitting real persons to benefit from the scheme for such 
balances as of 31 August 2023 and permitting legal persons to benefit for such balances as of 30 June 2023. 
On 30 March 2023, the CBRT published another communiqué expanding the FX-protected deposits scheme 
such that Turkish-resident legal persons could convert and deposit such foreign currency balances as of any 
time if they have liabilities in respect of import payments or foreign currency denominated loan repayments, 
provided that the relevant legal person gives an undertaking to not purchase any foreign currency until the 
maturity of the relevant FX-protected TL time deposit. 
Similarly, the Communiqué on Support for the Conversion of Gold Accounts to Turkish Lira Deposit and 
Participation Accounts was published in the Official Gazette dated 29 December 2021 and numbered 31704.  
It provides for similar FX-protected accounts by converting gold balances and depositing them into the TL-
denominated time account.  It was initially made available for conversion of such gold balances of legal 
persons as of 31 December 2021 and of real persons on any date.  It was extended on 18 September 2023, 
permitting real persons to benefit for such balances as of 31 August 2023. 
Furthermore, the CBRT announced on 31 December 2021 that exporters are required to sell 25% of their 
export revenues that are linked to foreign exchange purchase certificates (Döviz Alım Belgesi) and export 
value acceptance certificates (İhracat Bedeli Kabul Belgesi) and denominated in USD, EUR and GBP to the 
CBRT. Export revenues in other foreign currencies which were linked to foreign exchange purchase 
certificates and export value acceptance certificates are excluded from the scope of the selling requirement. 
Accordingly, such revenues must be transferred to the bank that issued a currency purchase certificate or 
export value acceptance certificate. This requirement was further amended on 18 April 2022 and set at 40%.

--- Page 310 ---
291 
 
 
Following the amendments, the currencies to be sold by the banks to the CBRT shall be USD, EUR or GBP, 
and in transactions made in other foreign currencies, the said foreign currency amounts will be converted into 
USD, EUR or GBP by the bank and sold to the CBRT. 
Moreover, companies with an FX deposit account that wish to use rediscount credits from the CBRT need to 
convert between 10% and 20% of their FX deposits to TL deposit accounts. The condition will not be applied 
to net exporters (where exports are 10% higher than imports). 
On 26 January 2023, the CBRT announced a new scheme to incentivise the conversion into Turkish Lira of 
the foreign currency revenues of exporters with the introduction of the Communiqué No. 2023/5 on 
Incentivisation of the Conversion of the Companies’ Foreign Exchange to Turkish Lira published in the 
Official Gazette numbered 32085 and dated 26 January 2023 (“Communiqué No. 2023/5”). The Communiqué 
No. 2023/5 regulates the procedures and principles regarding the CBRT support to be provided to companies 
in case that their foreign currencies are sold to the CBRT and converted into Turkish Lira time deposit and 
participation accounts. If a Turkish company sells its foreign currency sourced from abroad to the Central 
Bank through a Turkish bank, the CBRT is to pay through such bank a foreign currency conversion support to 
such company in an amount equal to two per cent. (2%) of the amount converted into Turkish Lira, provided 
that such company has undertaken not to purchase foreign currency for the period to be determined by the 
CBRT. Further, after such company sells at least forty per cent. (40%) of its foreign currency brought into 
Türkiye from abroad to the CBRT, if (a) the remaining portion of such foreign currency brought into Türkiye 
is converted into Turkish Lira time deposits and participation accounts at the conversion rate, and (b) such 
company undertakes not to purchase foreign currency more than the amount sold to the CBRT during the 
period to be determined by the CBRT; a foreign currency conversion support of two per cent. (2%) of the 
amount converted into Turkish Lira at the conversion rate is to be provided to such company. 
FX Transaction Restriction 
Pursuant to a presidential decree (No: 85) (“Presidential Decree 85”) published on 13 September 2018, 
Decree 32 was amended.  Accordingly, except for certain exemptions determined by the Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance (the “Ministry”), the contract price and all other payment obligations under (i) sale, purchase, 
and lease agreements (including financial lease) concerning movable and immovable properties, (ii) 
employment, (iii) service, and (iv) construction agreements entered into between Turkish and non-Turkish real 
and legal persons resident in Türkiye must be based on Turkish Lira.  
Presidential Decree 85 precluded Turkish and non-Turkish real and legal persons resident in Türkiye from 
determining, or indexing to, the contract price or other payment obligations in foreign currency with regards to 
the aforementioned transactions.   
Further, a 30-day transition period was envisaged by Presidential Decree 85 for the Turkish and non-Turkish 
real and legal persons resident in Türkiye to amend their existing agreements which fall within the scope of 
the restrictions such that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder must be re-
determined in Turkish Lira. 
The Ministry determined on 6 October 2018 the exact scope of the restrictions above introduced by 
Presidential Decree 85, by way of setting out the restrictions and exemptions on a contract type basis.  The 
said restrictions and exemptions were further fleshed out by way of amendments to the Communiqué 2008-
32/34 regarding Decree 32 on 16 November 2018.  Among other exemptions, capital markets instruments 
(including the Notes) are exempted from this new set of restrictions.  Accordingly, issuance, purchase and 
sales of capital market instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and its secondary 
legislation; as well as determination of obligations in connection therewith, may be denominated in, or 
indexed to, foreign currency. 
The impact of Decree 32 may have a negligible negative impact in the short term, but the Group’s 
management believes that this is a prudent action in the mid to long term in order to reduce the dependency of 
the Turkish economy on the U.S. dollar and to de-dollarise the Turkish economy. 
Turkish Lira Borrowing Restrictions 
On 24 June 2022, the BRSA introduced Turkish Lira borrowing restrictions for non-financial institution 
companies subject to independent audit (the “Potential Borrowers”) with its decision No. 10250 (the

--- Page 311 ---
292 
 
 
“Decision No. 10250”). Pursuant to the decision, the Potential Borrowers’ borrowing of Turkish Lira 
commercial cash loans will be subject to various restrictions depending on the amount of their FX assets. The 
FX assets will include gold, foreign currency cash, as well as foreign exchange deposits and foreign currency 
denominated securities, and as set out in the BRSA Decision No.10265 numbered 7 July 2022, stocks issued 
by non-residents, and other monetary assets such as reverse repo with non-residents. The FX assets will not 
include other monetary assets such as foreign currency denominated securities and debt instruments issued by 
issuers resident in Türkiye. 
According to the Decision No. 10250, Potential Borrowers whose FX assets exceed TL 15,000,000, will not 
be able to borrow Turkish Lira cash commercial loans in the event their FX assets exceed 10% of the higher of 
their net assets and their net sales revenue of the last financial year, pursuant to their most recent financial 
statements as of the date of the application for the Turkish Lira loan (as per the BRSA decision No. 10389 
issued on 21 October 2022, the foregoing TL 15,000,000 amount is replaced with TL 10,000,000 and 10% 
ratio is replaced with 5% as effective from 1 November 2022). The aforementioned calculation will be made 
over the consolidated balance sheets for the Potential Borrowers that must prepare consolidated financial 
statements.  
The Potential Borrowers who are not allowed to borrow foreign currency loans, having had a foreign currency 
net position deficit for the three-month period following the date their loan application was made to the bank, 
will be able to borrow Turkish Lira commercial cash loans, limited to their position deficit for the three-month 
period following their loan application date, provided that the position deficit has been determined pursuant to 
the examination to be made on the most recent financial statements prepared by the authorised independent 
audit firm, and these Potential Borrowers have applied to the bank with the documents approved by such 
firms. The documentation requirements were further softened on 7 July 2022 by the BRSA Decision No. 
10265. 
Potential Borrowers whose FX assets do not exceed TL 15,000,000, can borrow Turkish Lira commercial cash 
loans, provided that, (i) their current FX assets, net assets and net sales revenue for the last year, pursuant to 
the most recent financial statements, have been determined by an independent audit firm, (ii) they have 
declared and undertaken that the Turkish Lira equivalent of their FX assets will not exceed TL 15,000,000 
(and, if it exceeds such amount, it will not exceed 10% of the higher of their net assets and their net sales 
revenue for the last financial year during the term of the loan that they will borrow), and (iii) they submit 
information regarding the current value of their FX assets, net assets and net sales revenue for the last 12 
months, as of the end of the previous month, pursuant to the previous month-end balance sheet, to the bank, 
within the first 10 business days of each month, in order to ensure that the bank is able to monitor the 
aforementioned declaration and undertaking (as per the BRSA Decision No. 10389, the foregoing TL 
15,000,000 amount was replaced on 21 October 2022 with TL 10,000,000 and 10% ratio is replaced with 5% 
as effective from 1 November 2022). The documentation requirements are further softened by the BRSA, and 
the form and substance of the declaration and undertaking of the Potential Borrowers were clarified on 7 July 
2022 by the BRSA Decision No. 10265.  
On 7 July 2022, the BRSA published a new decision No. 10265 to clarify the implementation of the Decision. 
In accordance with this decision; 
 
Financial statements that are taken as the basis for determining whether Potential Borrowers can 
borrow a Turkish Lira loan, will be the financial statements prepared in accordance with the Tax 
Procedural Law and submitted as attached to the Potential Borrower’s tax declarations (including 
temporary tax declarations), to the tax authority (including temporary tax periods). If a Potential 
Borrower is obliged to prepare consolidated financial statements, the assessment will be made based 
on the financial statements audited by an independent audit firm. However, foreign subsidiaries and 
affiliates of the Potential Borrower will not be included in this assessment. 
 
Potential Borrowers who are not allowed to borrow foreign currency loans, having had a foreign 
currency net position deficit for the three-month period following their loan application, will be able 
to borrow new loans if they represent that they have closed the foreign currency net position gap, by 
providing the amount of foreign currency net position gap (limited to the foreign currency net position 
gap in the three-month period following the loan application date). The representations and 
undertakings must be confirmed by an independent audit firm or certified public accountant, and

--- Page 312 ---
293 
 
 
documented to the relevant bank by the close of business on the last business day of the month 
following the end of the quarterly calendar period. The form of the representation is included in the 
decision. 
 
Potential Borrowers whose FX assets do not exceed TL 15,000,000, or do not exceed 10% of the 
higher of their net assets and their net sales revenue of the last financial year, during the term of the 
loan that they will borrow Turkish Lira loans, will, with effect from 30 June 2022, be able to borrow 
Turkish Lira loans, if they provide the aforementioned representation and undertaking, the form of 
which is included in the decision, and submit supporting documents to the relevant bank by the close 
of business of the last business day of the month following the end of each quarterly calendar period 
(as per the BRSA decision No. 10389, the foregoing TL 15,000,000 amount was replaced on 21 
October 2022 with TL 10,000,000 and 10% ratio is replaced with 5% as effective from 1 November 
2022). 
 
Potential Borrowers who are subject to independent audit, and whose first audit obligation will 
commence at the end of 2022, will, within the scope of the decision, be exempt from the regulation. 
 
If Potential Borrowers fail to submit information and documentation, as approved by an independent 
audit firm or certified public accountant, to the bank, within the specified periods, or it is determined 
that they are subject to the borrowing restrictions within the scope of the decision pursuant to the 
information and documents submitted, (i) no new commercial cash loans will be extended to such 
companies, and (ii) a 500% risk weighting will apply to Turkish Lira cash loans extended as of 30 
June 2022 to these Potential Borrowers, regardless of the method used to calculate the amount subject 
to credit risk, as well as the credit risk mitigation techniques, credit ratings and real estate mortgages, 
for the calculation of the capital adequacy ratio pursuant to the notification by the Potential Borrower, 
in accordance with the procedures and principles, by the BRSA. 
 
Loans to be extended by financial leasing, factoring and financing companies as of 1 August 2022 
will be within the scope. The obligations imposed on banks within the scope of the decision will also 
apply to these companies. 
Restriction on Cross-Currency Derivatives Transactions  
On 13 August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under (i) cross-currency swap, spot and 
forward transactions entered into with non-resident counterparties involving purchase of TRY and sale of hard 
currency at the maturity; and, (ii) any other transaction akin to the cross-currency swaps having the same 
financial effect, to 50% of a bank’s regulatory capital, then reducing this level to 10% in February 2020. On 
15 August 2018, 50% threshold was reduced to 25%. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to 
contain the possible adverse effects on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the 
COVID 19 pandemic, the BRSA issued a press release announcing that this level was reduced to 1%.  In line 
with the BRSA’s efforts to ease the regulatory restrictions, the 1% level was later increased to 10% on 25 
September 2020.  Accordingly, now, in the case of a bank exceeding 10% level, new transactions may not be 
executed or renewed until the 10% level (which is calculated on a daily basis) is attained; however, 
transactions conducted between local banks and their consolidated affiliates located abroad that qualify as a 
bank or financial institution are exempt from this restriction. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is 
required in case there needs to be cancellation or extension of the referred transactions.  
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency 
swaps, forwards, options and other similar products with non-resident counterparties involving sale of TRY 
and purchase of hard currency with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 10% of such 
bank’s most recently calculated regulatory capital; provided that this restriction does not apply to transactions 
with a bank’s non-Turkish financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation. With its 
press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by announcing that transactions with a 
remaining maturity of seven days shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s most recently calculated 
regulatory capital on any given calendar date. Such threshold was applied as 2% for transactions with a 
remaining maturity of 30 days and 10% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year. In line with the 
BRSA’s efforts to ease the regulatory restrictions, the BRSA eased these thresholds during the COVID 19 
pandemic several times. According to the BRSA latest decision on 11 November 2020, thresholds mentioned

--- Page 313 ---
294 
 
 
above shall now be applied as 5%, 10% and 30% for the transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days, 
thirty days and one year, respectively.   
On 23 June 2022, the BRSA adopted a new measure pursuant to decision No. 10248 with respect to the 
derivative transactions between non-financial institution residents in Türkiye with non-residents. The BRSA 
decided to apply a risk weighting of 500%, regardless of the method used to calculate the amount subject to 
credit risk, as well as the credit risk mitigation techniques, credit ratings and real estate mortgages, for the 
calculation of the capital adequacy ratio for Turkish Lira and foreign currency commercial cash loans to be 
made available to non-financial institution residents that enter into derivative transactions with non-residents 
after 23 June 2022. 
Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates 
and Fees for Commercial Customers 
With a communiqué published on 31 October 2020, the Central Bank has changed the methodology of 
determination of credit card interest caps. According to such communiqué, the monthly cap on credit card 
interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions is to be determined by adding 55 basis points on the monthly 
reference rate published in accordance with the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. For FX 
transactions, such monthly cap is to be determined as 80% of the monthly cap for Turkish Lira transactions, 
by rounding to at most two decimal places. The monthly cap on default interest rates for credit card 
transactions is to be determined by adding a further 30 basis points. After the changes made to the 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees on 23 June 2023, the monthly caps are normally published by 
the CBRT on each day the CBRT publishes the reference rate on its official website and are applicable as of 
the first day of the next month. The reference rate is published normally on the 5th last business day of any 
given month; however, if the monetary policy committee of the CBRT meets on a date in any month after the 
5th last business day of such month, the reference rate is to be published with the most recent data on the date 
of such meeting and the reference rate calculated as at the date of such publication is updated if it changes 
more than 5% compared to the most recently published reference rate. For July 2023, the Central Bank 
published such rates as follows: (i) 1.91% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira 
transactions, (ii) 2.21% as the monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions, 
(iii) 1.53% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for FX transactions and (iv) 1.83% as the monthly 
cap on default interest rates for FX credit card transactions. On 25 July 2023, the Central Bank introduced 
further changes to the methodology on the calculation of interest rate caps applicable to the cash withdrawal 
and cash utilisation transactions and set out that the interest rate caps applicable to the cash withdrawal and 
cash utilisation transactions from credit cards (and overdraft accounts) are to be determined by adding 131 
basis points instead of 55 basis points on the monthly reference rate published in accordance with the 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. This translated, for August 2023, into a monthly interest rate 
cap of 2.89% applied to credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts and a monthly default 
interest cap of 3.19% applied to the same transactions. For October 2023, the Central Bank published the other 
monthly interest rate caps as follows: (i) 3.26% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates for Turkish 
Lira transactions (other than credit card cash withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts), (ii) 3.56% as 
the monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions (other than credit card cash 
withdrawals/utilisations and overdraft accounts), (iii) 2.61% as the monthly cap on credit card interest rates 
for FX transactions and (iv) 2.91% as the monthly cap on default interest rates for FX credit card transactions. 
Further, on 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an amendment to the Communiqué on Deposit and 
Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates and Benefits in Credit 
Transactions Other than Interest (Mevduat ve Kredi Faiz Oranları ve Katılma Hesapları Kâr ve Zarara 
Katılma Oranları ile Kredi İşlemlerinde Faiz Dışında Sağlanacak Diğer Menfaatler Hakkında Tebliğ) 
published in the Official Gazette dated 9 December 2006 and numbered 26371 (the “Communiqué on 
Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”), capping the commission rates applied by the banks in their point of sale 
(the “POS”) business. Accordingly, the POS commission rates applied by the banks in goods and service 
purchases were capped, if the amounts from such purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s 
disposal the day following the transaction. The CBRT published the cap rate for October 2023 as 3.16% for 
purchases without instalments and as 1.580% per additional instalment for purchases with instalment.  
Later on, the Central Bank issued two new communiqués, namely the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan 
Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates (Mevduat ve Kredi Faiz Oranları

--- Page 314 ---
295 
 
 
ve Katılma Hesapları Kâr ve Zarara Katılma Oranları Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “New Communiqué on 
Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be 
Collected by Banks from Commercial Customers (Bankalarca Ticari Müşterilerden Alınabilecek Ücretlere 
İlişkin Usul ve Esaslar Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”) both 
published in the Official Gazette dated 10 February 2020 and numbered 31035 and became effective as of 01 
March 2020 (and for the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to the 
fees became effective as of 01 April 2020).  The New Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates, 
which abolished and replaced the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest does not have any provisions 
regulating the POS commission rates; however, it introduced a cap to the interest rate applicable to demand 
deposit accounts.  Accordingly, the interest rates to apply to deposit accounts are determined freely by the 
banks, except for the rates applying to demand deposit accounts, which cannot exceed 0.25% annually.   
POS commissions are regulated under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees and the POS 
commission rates applied by the banks in goods and service purchases are capped with the monthly reference 
rate to be determined by the Central Bank plus 0.45 points, if the amounts from such purchases are transferred 
by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction.  If the amounts from such purchases 
are not transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction, such cap for 
commission rates are decreased by taking into account the number of days between the day of the transaction 
and the day on which the amounts from such purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s 
disposal.  
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets forth standardised fees and caps for commercial 
customers.  Accordingly, credit allocation fees will not exceed 0.25% of the total credit limit allocated for the 
first limit allocation, and will not exceed 0.125% of the renewed limit for any limit renewals. Credit utilisation 
fees will not exceed 1.10% of the total credit utilised.  For revolving facilities, utilisation fees can only be 
received periodically and cannot exceed 1% of the average credit limit for the relevant one-year period.  
Moreover, the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees obliges the banks to accept prepayment in case a 
commercial customer requests to make a prepayment for its entire credit debt, in return for a prepayment fee. 
For loans with a term less than 24 month, this fee cannot exceed 1% of the amount paid by the customer to the 
bank following the deductions of the relevant interest amount and other cost elements.  For loans with a term 
of more than 24 months, this cap is set at 2% and for foreign currency denominated or indexed loans, such 
caps can be increased by one point. 
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, published in the Official 
Gazette dated 9 August 2021 and No. 31563, the fees relating to credit facilities extended under project 
finance, acquisition finance, privatization finance and structured finance, or refinancings of these facilities will 
not fall under the scope of commercial loans. In other words, such transactions will not be subject to the 
restrictions related to the fees under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. 
Macroprudential Measures requiring Maintenance of Securities 
The CBRT issued on 10 June 2022 the Regulation on Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities for Foreign 
Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on Maintenance of Securities on 20 
August 2022) in the Official Gazette dated 10 June 2022 and No.31862 (the “Regulation on Maintenance of 
Securities”). With the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities, effective from 29 July 2022, the CBRT has 
required the banks to hold long-term Turkish Lira-securities issued by the Turkish government (including 
lease certificates issued by the Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) for the foreign currency 
deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held with such bank (excluding those of certain 
depositors, including the CBRT itself, the Turkish Treasury, certain other governmental entities, other Turkish 
banks and non-citizens, and such deposits/funds/accounts funded by foreign direct investments as determined 
by the CBRT) as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions.  
Pursuant to the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities, each Turkish bank is required to hold an amount of 
such securities equal to 5% of the amount of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious 
metals accounts held by the relevant customers with such bank as well as the funds from foreign exchange-
denominated repo transactions. 
Separately, on 23 April 2022, the CBRT had announced that the banks’ and financing companies’ TL-
denominated commercial cash loans were to be subject to reserve requirements (“Commercial Cash Loan

--- Page 315 ---
296 
 
 
Mandatory Reserve Requirement”), excluding the following loans (“Excluded Loans”): (i) loans extended 
to businesses that are under the scope of SMEs, (ii) tradesmen loans, (iii) export and investment loans, (iv) 
agricultural loans, (v) loans extended to institutions and organisations, state economic enterprises and their 
establishments, subsidiaries and affiliates included in tables (I), (II), (III) and (IV) in the annex of the Law 
No.5018 on Public Finance Management and Control Law, (vi) commercial credit cards and (vii) loans 
extended to financial institutions. Further, the CBRT amended the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities on 
20 August 2022 and replaced the Commercial Cash Loan Mandatory Reserve Requirement that had been 
applied at a ratio of 20% for such loans with a requirement to hold long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT at an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the 
aforementioned TL-denominated commercial cash loans excluding the Excluded Loans, provided that the 
exclusion applies to the latter only if such loans are disbursed against expenditures. On 16 December 2022, 
the CBRT required that for a loan to an SME to qualify as an Excluded Loans (under (i)), all other businesses 
classified in the same risk group with such SME must also be SMEs. On 31 December 2022, the CBRT 
amended the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities to require Turkish banks to hold with the CBRT long-
term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% of the 
amount of the securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks. On 27 
October 2023, with the amendments to the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities, the CBRT abolished the 
aforementioned securities maintenance requirements applied to banks at a rate of 30% based on their Turkish 
Lira-denominated cash loans and specified in a press release on the same date that the Excluded Loans from 
this practice will no longer be subject to the requirement of being disbursed against expenditures to be 
excluded from such requirements. Similarly, with the same amendments on 27 October 2023, the CBRT also 
abolished the requirement on the Turkish banks to hold Turkish Lira-denominated securities in an amount 
equal to 30% of the amount of the securities issued by entities (other than the Turkish Government and 
financial institutions) held by such banks. 
Further, according to the amendments made on 20 August 2022, 31 December 2022 and 25 July 2023 to the 
Regulation on Maintenance of Securities, if: 
(a) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding the Excluded Loans) 
during each calculation period from 26 August 2022 to 25 November 2022 compared to the previous 
calculation period was higher than 3.00%, then such bank is required to hold with the CBRT long-term 
Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the 
amount over such 3.00%; 
(b) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan (excluding the Excluded Loans) growth as of 
30 December 2022 compared to 29 July 2022 is higher than 10%, then such bank is required to hold 
with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government in an amount equal to the amount over such 10% minus the amount already held as 
required by paragraph (a) above; and 
(c) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding the Excluded Loans) 
during any calculation period from 27 January 2023 to 29 December 2023 compared to the previous 
calculation period were higher than 2.00% (which was set out initially as 3.00% but then revised 
downwards to 2.00% by the CBRT on 25 July 2023, starting from 29 July 2023), then such bank 
would be required to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the 
Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 2.00% (such ratio of 2.00% may be 
increased by the CBRT for certain types of loans to be determined by the CBRT). 
Additionally, pursuant to the amendments made on 20 August 2022, 31 December 2022, 7 April 2023 and 20 
August 2023 to the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities: 
(a) for TL-denominated cash loans (excluding consumer loans) extended on a date between 20 
August 2022 and 30 December 2022 (both inclusive), the banks were required to hold long-term 
Turkish Lira-securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT in an amount equal to 
(i) 20% of the amount of such TL-denominated cash loans extended during such period at an 
annual compound interest rate higher than (but not equal to) 1.4 times the CBRT-released annual 
compound reference rate (which reference rate was 10.31% for the period between 1 December 
2022 and 30 June 2023, 17.86% for July 2023, 21.01% for August 2023, 31.25% for September 
2023 and 38.45% for October 2023) but not higher than 1.8 times the CBRT-released annual

--- Page 316 ---
297 
 
 
compound reference rate and (ii) 90% of the amount of TL-denominated cash loans (excluding 
consumer loans) extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate higher than 1.8 
times the CBRT-released annual compound reference rate; and 
(b) for Turkish Lira-denominated loans (excluding the cash consumer loans except general purpose 
loans) to be extended on a date between 31 December 2022 and the calculation date 29 December 
2023 (both inclusive), banks are required (based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday 
of every month) until 29 December 2023 to hold with the CBRT long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 150% of the 
amount of such loans extended during such month depending upon their annual compound 
interest rate exceeding a certain interest rate threshold (such thresholds to be determined by the 
CBRT based upon the CBRT-released annual compound reference rate (which reference rate was 
10.31% for the period between 1 December 2022 and 30 June 2023, 17.86% for July 2023, 
21.01% for August 2023, 31.25% for September 2023 and 38.45% for October 2023). Such 
threshold was determined by the CBRT as (i) 1.4 times such annual compound interest rate for 
Turkish Lira-denominated cash export and investment loans, (ii) 2.0 times such annual compound 
interest rate for Turkish Lira-denominated general purpose consumer loans, and (iii) 1.8 times 
such annual compound interest rate for other Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans 
(excluding the export and investment loans). 
As mentioned above, as part of the efforts of the CBRT to simplify and improve the existing micro- and 
macroprudential framework, the CBRT abolished on 27 October 2023 the aforementioned requirements on the 
banks to hold long-term Turkish Lira-securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT for their 
TL-denominated commercial cash loans excluding export and investment loans with an interest rate above a 
certain level compared to the CBRT-released annual compound interest rate. 
As another measure to incentivise banks to hold fixed-rate long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities, the 
CBRT has gradually increased the discount rate that it applies for CPI-linked securities in the CBRT’s open 
market operations collateral system starting from 2022 and most recently, on 10 April 2023, the CBRT 
increased such discount rate from 70% to 80%. 
After the general elections held on 14 May 2023 and 28 May 2023, and the reorganisation of the CBRT 
management in June 2023, the CBRT initiated a general review of the existing macroprudential framework 
applicable to Turkish banks on requirements of holding long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued 
by the Turkish government. The Monetary Policy Committee of the CBRT stated in its decision of 22 June 
2023 that the existing micro-and macroprudential framework would be gradually simplified, guided by impact 
analyses. On 25 June 2023, the CBRT abolished the previous provisional requirement to hold additional long-
term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT based on the ratio 
of conversion of the banks’ FX-denominated deposits to Turkish Lira deposits and replaced it with another 
regime with effect from 28 June 2023. Pursuant to such new regime which will apply until the calculation date 
as at 29 September 2023 (which was later updated by the CBRT effective from 26 August 2023, as 28 July 
2023), if a bank fails to make a conversion less than 10% according to the ratio of conversion from FX-
denominated deposits to Turkish Lira deposits, such bank must hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government with the CBRT in an amount equal to twice of such 
shortfall. The period during which such bank is to hold such securities commences on the last Friday of the 
month following the relevant calculation date and ends on the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month 
following the commencement of such period. 
On 20 August 2023, the CBRT introduced three additional provisional requirements of the Regulation on 
Maintenance of Securities to hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the 
Turkish government with the CBRT in the form of Provisional Article 13, Provisional Article 14 and 
Provisional Article 15.  
First, Provisional Article 13 is based on the ratio of conversion of the banks’ FX-protected TL time deposits to 
Turkish Lira deposits. Pursuant to such new regime which will apply at each calculation period until the 
relevant calculation dates, if a bank fails to: 
(i) 
make a conversion of at least fifty per cent. (50%) of its customers’ FX-protected deposits (opened 
with such bank by its customers initially by converting Turkish Lira deposits to Turkish Lira FX-

--- Page 317 ---
298 
 
 
protected deposits under the Turkish Government’s scheme), the maturity of which falls within such 
calculation period, to standard Turkish Lira time deposits (with a minimum maturity of 32 days), until 
the calculation date as of 29 December 2023 (inclusive); or 
(ii) 
make a conversion of at least ten per cent. (10%) of its individual customers’ FX-protected deposits 
(opened with such bank by its individual customers initially by converting FX-denominated deposits 
to Turkish Lira FX-protected deposits under the Turkish Government’s scheme), the maturity of 
which falls within such calculation period, to standard Turkish Lira time deposits (with a minimum 
maturity of 32 days) until the calculation date on 29 September 2023 (all inclusive), 
such bank must hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
Government with the CBRT in an amount equal to the shortfall.  The period during which such bank is to hold 
such securities commences on the last Friday of the month following the relevant calculation date and ends on 
the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month following the commencement of such period.  Provisional 
Article 13 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities also provides that the CBRT may change the 
aforementioned rate of fifty per cent. (50%) and ten per cent. (10%) and set a rate replacing the former 
between twenty per cent. (20%) and ninety-five per cent. (95%) and a rate replacing the latter between zero 
per cent. (0%) and fifty per cent. (50%).  Provisional Article 13 of the Regulation on Maintenance of 
Securities further provides that the CBRT may differentiate the application of this provisional requirement for 
different banks by reducing the aforementioned rates, changing the calculation periods and extending the 
deadlines of 29 September 2023 and 29 December 2023 to 30 April 2024. 
Second, Provisional Article 14 is based on the ratio of renewal of the banks’ FX-protected TL time deposits 
(in the calculation of which renewal, such deposits renewed as standard TL time deposits are also taken into 
account). Pursuant to such new regime which will apply at each calculation period until the calculation date as 
at 29 September 2023: 
(i) 
if a bank fails to attain a ratio of ninety-five per cent. (95%) renewal of its FX-protected TL time 
deposits, the maturity of which fall within a given calculation period, such bank must hold additional 
long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Government with the CBRT in 
an amount equal to the shortfall; and 
(ii) 
if such renewal ratio is even lower than seventy-five per cent. (75%), such bank must hold further 
additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Government with the 
CBRT in an amount equal to the shortfall. 
The period during which such bank is to hold such securities commences on the last Friday of the month 
following the relevant calculation date and ends on the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month 
following the commencement of such period.  In the calculation referred to in paragraph (i) above, such 
deposits renewed as standard TL time deposits (with a maturity of at least 32 days) are also taken into account 
in the numerator, whereas that is not possible for the calculation referred to in paragraph (ii) above.  The 
period during which such bank is to hold such securities commences on the last Friday of the month following 
the relevant calculation date and ends on the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month following the 
commencement of such period.  Provisional Article 14 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities also 
provides that the CBRT may reduce the aforementioned rate of ninety-five per cent. (95%) to any rate not 
lower than twenty per cent. (20%).  Provisional Article 14 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities 
further provides that the CBRT may differentiate the application of this provisional requirement for different 
banks by reducing the aforementioned rates, changing the calculation periods and extending the 
aforementioned deadline of 29 September 2023 to 30 April 2024. 
Third, Provisional Article 15 is based on the ratio of the banks’ TL deposits (excluding FX-protected TL time 
deposits) to all deposits. Pursuant to such new regime which will apply at each calculation period until the 
calculation date as at 29 December 2023, if: 
(i) 
the difference between (a) the ratio of a bank’s individual customers’ TL deposits (excluding FX-
protected TL time deposits) to its individual customers’ all deposits in any given calculation period 
and (ii) the same ratio of such bank in the preceding calculation period is less than two per cent. (2%); 
or

--- Page 318 ---
299 
 
 
(ii) 
the ratio of a bank’s non-individual customers’ TL deposits (excluding FX-protected TL time 
deposits) to its non-individual customers’ all deposits decreases is lower than in any given calculation 
period is less than the same ratio for non-individual customers calculated as of 18 August 2023, 
such bank must hold additional long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
Government with the CBRT in an amount equal to the shortfall.  The period during which such bank is to hold 
such securities commences on the last Friday of the month following the relevant calculation date and ends on 
the day preceding the last Friday of the sixth month following the commencement of such period.  Provisional 
Article 15 of the Regulation on Maintenance of Securities also provides that the CBRT may change the 
aforementioned target rate of difference of two per cent. (2%) and replace it with any rate of difference 
between zero per cent. (0%) and five per cent. (5%).  Provisional Article 15 of the Regulation on Maintenance 
of Securities further provides that the CBRT may differentiate the application of this provisional requirement 
for different banks by reducing the aforementioned rates, changing the calculation periods and extending the 
aforementioned deadline of 29 December 2023 to 30 April 2024.  With effect from 18 September 2023, the 
CBRT increased the aforementioned target rate of difference of two per cent. (2%) to two point five per cent. 
(2.5%), and on 27 October 2023, the CBRT increased the same target rate from two point five per cent. (2.5%) 
to three point five per cent. (3.5%). 
On 1 December 2023, the CBRT extended the deadline for the availability for conversion of foreign currency 
and gold deposits balances of individuals at the banks into FX-protected deposits from 31 August 2023 to 30 
November 2023 (meaning that the individuals would be able to convert such balances that they held at banks 
as of 30 November 2023). On the same date, the CBRT decreased the interest rate floor for such deposits 
converted from foreign currency balances from hundred per cent. (100%) to eighty-five per cent. (85%) of the 
one-week repo rate (i.e., the policy rate) of the CBRT.  
Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual 
event of default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for 
debt restructuring upon settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law. In 
addition, changes were introduced to this law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual 
termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a 
concordat application and such application shall not constitute a breach of such agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector 
(the “Restructuring Regulation”) pursuant to which a framework agreement (the “Framework 
Agreement”) was drafted by the Banks Association of Türkiye. On 19 September 2018, the Banks 
Association of Türkiye announced that Turkish banks (including the Bank) and other financial institutions, 
whose shares correspond to approximately 90% of the total loans in the market, executed the Framework 
Agreement, which entered into force on the same date following the approval of the BRSA. The main aim of 
the regulation was to enhance the repayment ability of debtors in repaying their debts to the financial sector in 
order for these companies to sustain their operations and contribute to the employment in Türkiye. The 
Framework Agreement determined: (a) the scope of debts to be restructured, (b) the minimum qualifications 
of the eligible debtors, (c) the minimum debt amount to be restructured, (d) the content of the restructuring 
agreements and (e) the procedure to determine a debtor’s eligibility, which is the capacity of a debtor to repay 
its debts following the restructuring process in line with the repayment schedule. According to the Framework 
Agreement, debtors that have a principal debt of up to TL 100 million (including cash and non-cash debt) 
owed to the Eligible Creditors (as defined below) are eligible to apply to restructure their debts pursuant to the 
Framework Agreement applicable for small-scale debtors (the “Small-Scale Framework Agreement”) and 
those that have a principal debt of TL 100 million (including cash and non-cash debt) or more owed to the 
Eligible Creditors (as defined below) are eligible to apply to restructure their debts pursuant to the Framework 
Agreement applicable for large-scale debtors (the “Large-Scale Framework Agreement”). According to the 
Framework Agreement, the eligible debtor(s) and the applicable credit institutions were allowed to sign a 
restructuring agreement at any time through 19 July 2023 (as extended by two years by the presidential decree 
published in the Official Gazette dated 15 July 2021 and numbered 31542). As such, certain borrowers of the 
Bank applied for restructuring of their debt under the Framework Agreement during such period ended 19 July 
2023.

--- Page 319 ---
300 
 
 
In this respect, eligible creditors (the “Eligible Creditors”) that signed the Framework Agreement constituted 
a creditors consortium and, to the extent that a debtor was able to meet certain eligibility conditions set out in 
the Restructuring Regulation and the Framework Agreement (together the “New Restructuring 
Framework”), it had the right to apply to one of the three Eligible Creditors carrying the highest three 
exposures to initiate the restructuring process.  The relevant restructuring protocol that debtors, which 
restructured its relevant debts under the New Restructuring Framework, executed with its Eligible Creditors, 
may have provided for (inter alia) a reduction of restructured debt, extension of maturities of the restructured 
debt, extension of new money loans, introduction of new framework for the governance of the debtor, 
injection of shareholder equity contribution, disposal of certain part of the business of the debtor and the 
provision of additional collaterals. 
The Restructuring Regulation was further amended on 21 November 2018 to enable foreign credit institutions 
to participate in the restructuring process under the Framework Agreement. Furthermore, the Banking Law 
was amended on 19 July 2019 to incorporate, among others, a provisional article which forms the legislative 
basis of the Restructuring Regulation. Such amendments contemplate certain tax exemptions for, and 
suspension of execution proceedings against, debtors subject to restructuring, as well as a provision which 
states that reduction of collateral pool, write-off of principal or other receivables or such other actions taken 
by banks to effectuate the restructuring of loans shall not constitute embezzlement offence set out under 
Article 160 of the Banking Law. 
The Framework Agreement’s term expired on 19 July 2023.

--- Page 320 ---
301 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, including, 
but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment by a 
person who is a non-resident of Türkiye in notes of a Turkish company issued abroad. The discussion is based 
upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended to constitute a 
complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes 
that may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates 
to the beneficial interest of a person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the 
conduct of a trade or business through a permanent establishment in Türkiye. Each investor should consult its 
own tax advisers concerning the tax considerations applicable to its particular situation. This discussion is 
based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, all of 
which are subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not describe any tax 
consequences: (a) arising under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Türkiye or (b) applicable to a 
resident of Türkiye or a permanent establishment in Türkiye resulting either from the existence of a fixed 
place of business or appointment of a permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Türkiye if its corporate domicile is in Türkiye or its 
effective place of management is in Türkiye. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its 
worldwide income, whereas a non resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income 
made through a permanent establishment or on income otherwise sourced in Türkiye. With the changes 
introduced by the Law No. 7456 on the Establishment of the Additional Motorized Vehicles Tax for 
Compensation of Economic Losses Arisen Due to the Earthquakes of 6 February 2023 and Amendments to 
Certain Laws and the Decree No. 375 (the “Law No. 7456”) published in the Official Gazette dated 15 July 
2023 and numbered 32249, the corporate income tax rate in Türkiye is: (a) 30% for banks, financial leasing, 
factoring and financing companies, e-money and payment services institutions, authorised foreign exchange 
currency-related entities, asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), securities intermediaries 
and other capital markets institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies and (b) 
25% for other corporate entities (the rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15% to 40% at progressive 
rates). An individual is a resident of Türkiye if such individual has established domicile in Türkiye or stays in 
Türkiye more than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Türkiye 
for six months or more for a specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish 
Income Tax Law may not be treated as a resident of Türkiye, depending on the characteristics of their stay. A 
resident individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his or her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident 
individual is only liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Türkiye. 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Türkiye when the principal is invested in Türkiye. Capital gain 
is considered sourced in Türkiye when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed or 
accounted for in Türkiye. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Türkiye, or if the 
payment is made abroad, it is recorded in the books in Türkiye or apportioned from the profits of the payer or 
the person on whose behalf the payment is made in Türkiye. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident person is the final tax for the non-resident 
person and no further declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident person sourced in Türkiye 
that has not been subject to withholding tax will be subject to taxation through declaration where exemptions 
are reserved. 
Interest paid on notes (such as the Notes) issued abroad by Turkish corporates is subject to withholding tax. 
Through the Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of notes issued 
abroad as follows: 
 
7 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of less than one year,

--- Page 321 ---
302 
 
 
 
 
3 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three 
years, and 
 
 
0 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of three years and more. 
 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in 
Türkiye with respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration. However, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 
of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by the Law numbered 6111, special or separate tax returns will 
not be submitted for capital gains from the notes of a Turkish corporate issued abroad when the income is 
derived by a non-resident. Therefore, no tax is levied on non-resident persons in respect of capital gains from 
the Notes and no declaration is required. The Provisional Article 67 is valid until the end of 2025. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its 
investment in the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty 
relating thereto. 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current Turkish laws and regulations, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a Turkish corporate 
to a non-resident holder will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate between 10 per cent. and 0 per cent. in 
Türkiye, as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Türkiye and the country of the holder of the notes (in some 
cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the United Kingdom and the United States, the term 
“beneficial owner” is used), which provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local 
rate to be applied by the corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of withholding 
tax at a reduced rate that benefits from the provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Türkiye and 
the country where the investor is a resident, an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the 
competent authority referred to in Article 3 of the Treaty is required, together with a translated copy translated 
by a translation office, to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide gains in the relevant 
country on the basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office directly 
or through the banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding tax. In the event the 
certificate of residence is not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent 
delivery of the certificate of residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of 
the relevant double taxation treaty and the Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments over the bonds are exempt from the Value Added Tax (“VAT”) 
pursuant to the Article 17/4(g) of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended with the Turkish 
Tax Bill Regarding Improvement of the Investment Environment (Law No. 6728), published in the Official 
Gazette dated 9 August 2016 and numbered 29796. 
Certain United States Federal Income Taxation Consequences 
Except where otherwise stated, the following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Registered Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that 
acquired such Registered Notes at initial issuance at their published offer price, that will hold the Registered 
Notes as capital assets, and whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar. This summary does not address the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme, and 
the relevant Final Terms or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will contain additional or modified 
disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as 
appropriate. The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to 
the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Registered Notes by particular investors. In particular, this 
summary does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors 
subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks and other financial 
institutions, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities that elect to use a

--- Page 322 ---
303 
 
 
mark-to-market method of accounting, persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as U.S. 
lawful permanent residents, investors using the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes and who are required to recognize income for such purposes no later than when such income is taken 
into account in an applicable financial statement and investors that will hold the Registered Notes as part of 
straddles, hedging or conversion transactions, or as part of a synthetic security for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes).  
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Registered Notes that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes: (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, or other entity 
treated as a corporation, created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, the District of 
Columbia, or any State thereof; (iii) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax 
without regard to its source; or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary 
supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all 
substantial decisions of the trust. 
If a partnership (or any other entity treated as fiscally transparent for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner 
and the activities of the partnership. Any such partner or partnership should consult their tax advisers as to the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes. 
Bearer Notes are not being offered to U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to 
limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Code. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS TO DETERMINE THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF ACQUIRING, OWNING AND DISPOSING OF REGISTERED NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE APPLICATION TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED BELOW, AS WELL AS THE APPLICATION OF THE 
ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX AND ANY STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
The Issuer generally intends to treat Notes issued under the Programme as debt. Certain Notes, however, may 
be treated as equity or some other type of instrument or interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The tax 
treatment of Notes to which a treatment other than debt may apply may be discussed in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. This summary does not discuss Notes with a maturity of greater than 30 years, the impact of 
redenomination of a Note, Notes that by their terms may be retired for an amount less than their principal 
amount and Notes subject to special rules.  
This summary is based on the Code, as amended, existing and proposed treasury regulations, administrative 
pronouncements and judicial decisions, each as of the date hereof. All of the foregoing is subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect, or differing interpretations which could affect the tax consequences described 
herein. Any special U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to a particular issue of the Notes will be 
provided in the relevant Final Terms or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Payment of Interest 
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency other than U.S. dollars ("foreign currency" 
interest on a "Foreign Currency Note"), other than interest on a Discount Note that is not "qualified stated 
interest" (each as defined below under "Original Issue Discount – General"), will be taxable to a U.S. Holder 
as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of 
accounting for tax purposes. Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and original issue discount ("OID"), if 
any, accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under "Original Issue Discount – General") 
generally will constitute income from sources outside the United States for the purposes of the rules regarding 
the foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. Holder (and the limitations imposed thereon). Prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications of the payment of any foreign 
taxes with respect to the Notes (if applicable). 
Original Issue Discount 
General

--- Page 323 ---
304 
 
 
A Note that only provides for the payment of amounts that are qualified stated interest before maturity, other 
than a Note with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Note"), will be treated as issued with OID (a 
"Discount Note") if the excess of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to 
or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied 
by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts 
other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an "instalment obligation") will be treated as a Discount 
Note if the excess of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater 
than 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average 
maturity of the Note. A Note's weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for 
each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years 
from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note's stated redemption price at maturity. 
Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes included in 
the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers or similar persons or 
organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption 
price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of qualified 
stated interest. A qualified stated interest payment generally is any one of a series of stated interest payments 
on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for 
lower rates paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described under "– Variable 
Interest Rate Notes"), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note (qualified stated interest). 
Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call 
option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise 
any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note. If a Note has de minimis OID, a U.S. 
Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as stated principal payments are made on the Note, 
unless the U.S. Holder makes the election described under "– Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue 
Discount". A U.S. Holder can determine the includible amount with respect to each such payment by 
multiplying the total amount of the Note's de minimis OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal 
payment made divided by the stated principal amount of the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant yield method before the 
receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly greater 
amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. 
Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each 
day during the taxable year or the portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount 
Note ("accrued OID"). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any accrual period a pro 
rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note may be of any 
length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Notes as long as: (i) no accrual 
period is longer than one year; and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on 
either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the 
excess of: (a) the product of the Discount Note's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and 
the Discount Note's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual 
period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified 
stated interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period. The adjusted issue price of a Discount Note at the 
beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by: (x) the amount of accrued OID for 
each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that 
were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the stated redemption price 
at maturity (the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of 
qualified stated interest), but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition 
premium") and that does not make the election described under "– Election to Treat All Interest as Original 
Issue Discount", is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
excess of the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note's adjusted 
issue price, and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the 
purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note's adjusted issue price.

--- Page 324 ---
305 
 
 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant yield 
method described under "– General", with certain modifications. For the purposes of this election, interest 
includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated 
interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described under "– Notes Purchased at a Premium") or 
acquisition premium. If a U.S. Holder makes this election for the Note, then, when the constant yield method 
is applied the issue price of the Note will equal its cost, the issue date of the Note will be the date of 
acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as payments of qualified stated interest. This election 
generally will apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the 
consent of the United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). However, if the Note has amortisable bond 
premium, the U.S. Holder will be deemed to have made an election to apply amortisable bond premium 
against interest for all debt instruments with amortisable bond premium (other than debt instruments, the 
interest on which is excludible from gross income) held as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the 
election applies or any taxable year thereafter. If the election to apply the constant yield method to all interest 
on a Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note (as defined below under "– Market Discount"), the 
electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed under "– Market Discount" to 
include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or 
thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the 
advisability and consequences of making this election. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue OID 
(calculated as set forth below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it 
elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is received). 
Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes on 
a straight line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant yield method (based on daily 
compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, 
any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the 
OID accrued on a straight line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant yield 
method) through the date of sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue 
OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-
Term Notes in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For the purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-
Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note's stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder may 
elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to the U.S. 
Holder at the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election shall apply to all obligations 
with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year 
to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, that is not acquired at its original issue generally will be treated as 
purchased at a market discount (a "Market Discount Note") if the Note's stated redemption price at maturity 
(sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated 
interest) or, in the case of a Discount Note, the Note's revised issue price, exceeds the amount for which the 
U.S. Holder purchased the Note by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity or 
revised issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note's maturity (or, in the 
case of a Note that is an instalment obligation, the Note's weighted average maturity). If this excess is not 
sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes de minimis market 
discount. For this purpose, the revised issue price of a Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the 
amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased by the amount of any payments previously 
made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on a 
Note that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the gain does not 
exceed the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may

--- Page 325 ---
306 
 
 
elect to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note. This election will apply to all 
debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first 
taxable year to which the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. A 
U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount in income currently 
generally will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a 
Market Discount Note that is in excess of the interest and OID on the Note includible in the U.S. Holder's 
income, to the extent that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of the market discount 
allocable to the days on which the Market Discount Note was held by the U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market discount 
on a constant yield method. This constant yield election applies only to the Market Discount Note with respect 
to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount (or, for a Discount Note, 
the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated 
interest) may elect to treat the excess as amortisable bond premium, in which case the amount required to be 
included in the U.S. Holder's income each year with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the 
amount of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Note's yield to maturity) to that year. Any 
election to amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds, (other than bonds, the interest on which is 
excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning 
of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is 
irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. Please see also "– Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue 
Discount". A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into 
account currently will generally recognise a capital loss when the Note matures. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
Generally, a Floating Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” if: (a) its issue price does not 
exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the Floating Rate Note by more than an amount 
equal to the lesser of (i) 0.015 multiplied by the product of the total noncontingent principal payments and the 
number of complete years to maturity from the issue date or (ii) 15% of the total noncontingent principal 
payments; (b) it does not provide for stated interest other than stated interest that pays or compounds at least 
annually at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating 
rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse 
floating rate; and (c) each qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the 
Note is set at a current value of that rate (i.e., the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier than three 
months prior to the first day on which the value is in effect and no later than one year following that first day). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where: (a) variations in the value of such rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which 
the Floating Rate Notes are denominated; or (b) the rate is equal to a rate specified in (a) multiplied by either a 
fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35; or (c) the rate is equal to a rate specified in (a) 
or (b), increased or decreased by a fixed rate. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can 
reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Floating Rate Notes 
together will constitute a single qualified floating rate. Two or more qualified floating rates will be presumed 
to meet the requirements of the previous sentence if the values of all rates on the issue date are within 25 bps 
of each other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate is not a qualified floating rate if it is subject to 
certain restrictions (including caps, floors, governors or other similar restrictions) unless such restrictions are 
fixed throughout the term of the Note or are not reasonably expected to significantly affect the yield on the 
Note. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that: (a) is not a qualified floating rate; and (b) is determined using a single fixed 
formula that is based on objective financial or economic information that is not within the control of or unique 
to the circumstances of the issuer or a related party. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on 
Floating Rate Notes will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of 
such rate during the first half of the Floating Rate Notes’ term will be either significantly less than or 
significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Floating Rate Notes’ term. A

--- Page 326 ---
307 
 
 
“qualified inverse floating rate,” is any objective rate where such rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified 
floating rate, and the variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous 
variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Floating Rate Notes are 
denominated.  
Generally, if a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest (payable unconditionally at least annually) at a 
fixed rate for an initial period of one (1) year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a single qualified 
floating rate or a single objective rate, and the value of the variable rate on the Floating Rate Notes’ issue date 
is intended to approximate the fixed rate, then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either 
a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. If the Notes pay interest at a single 
objective rate or a single qualified floating rate, the amount of original issue discount allocated to an accrual 
period, if any, is determined by using the constant yield method with a fixed rate equal to, in the case of a 
qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or, for any other objective rate, a fixed rate that reflects the yield 
reasonably expected for such Floating Rate Note. 
If a Floating Rate Note that is a variable rate debt instrument does not provide for stated interest at a single 
qualified floating rate or single objective rate, or at a single fixed rate (other than at a single fixed rate for an 
initial period), the amount of qualified stated interest and the amount and accrual of original issue discount on 
the Note are generally determined by: (a) determining a fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided 
under the Floating Rate Note (generally, the value of each variable rate as of the issue date or, in the case of an 
objective rate that is not a qualified inverse floating rate, a rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the Note); (b) constructing the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (using the fixed rate 
substitutes described above); (c) determining the amount of qualified stated interest and original issue discount 
with respect to the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (by applying the general original issue discount rules 
as described above in “Original Issue Discount”); and (d) making the appropriate adjustment for actual 
variable rates during the applicable accrual period. 
If a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest either at one or more qualified floating rates or at a 
qualified inverse floating rate and in addition provides for stated interest at a single fixed rate (other than a 
single fixed rate for an initial period), a U.S. Holder generally must determine the amount of interest and 
original issue discount accruals by using the method described in the preceding paragraph with the 
modification that the Floating Rate Note is treated, for purposes of the first three steps of the determination, as 
if it provided for a qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate, if the Note provides for a qualified 
inverse floating rate) rather than the fixed rate. The qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate) 
replacing the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Note as of the issue date would be 
approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for a 
qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate) rather than a fixed rate. 
A Floating Rate Note that does not qualify as a variable rate debt instrument will be treated as a contingent 
payment debt obligation. The proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of such a Note will be more fully 
described in the relevant supplemental prospectus. 
Substitution of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in relation to any Notes which pay a Floating Rate of 
Interest following a Benchmark Event 
Following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest on any Notes which pay a floating rate 
of interest will be determined on the basis of the applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. It is possible 
that such replacement of the Original Reference Rate with a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
treated as a significant modification of such Notes. In such event, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such 
Notes would be treated as having been exchanged for new notes (a “deemed exchange”) and a U.S. Holder 
could be required to recognize taxable gain with respect to such Notes as a result of the “deemed exchange”. 
In addition, such Notes may be treated as being issued with OID. Treasury Regulations describe 
circumstances under which a replacement of the Original Reference Rate with a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (or related adjustments to the interest rate on the Notes) would be a “covered modification” and not 
treated as a deemed exchange and would not affect the calculation of OID. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a 
substitution of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate and Benchmark 
Amendments may be considered as ocurring pursuant to the original terms of the notes, in which case, a

--- Page 327 ---
308 
 
 
“deemed exchange” should not occur and a U.S. Holder should not be required to recognize taxable gain with 
respect to the notes. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors in this regard. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID or market 
discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with 
respect to the Note, and reduced by: (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest 
payments; and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the Note. The amount realised on 
the sale or retirement of a Note is taxable as interest income to the extent of accrued but unpaid interest not 
previously included in income. Except to the extent described under "Original Issue Discount – Market 
Discount", "Original Issue Discount – Short-Term Notes" or "Contingent Payment Notes" or attributable to 
accrued but unpaid interest or changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the 
sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and generally will be treated as from U.S. sources for 
purposes of the U.S. foreign tax credit limitation. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate or 
trust, the maximum marginal federal income tax rate applicable to capital gains is currently lower than the 
maximum marginal rate applicable to ordinary income if the Notes are held for more than one year. The 
deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. 
Contingent Payment Notes  
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including Notes with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as "variable rate debt instruments" for 
purposes of the original issue discount rules) they generally will be "contingent payment debt instruments" for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent payment debt 
instruments, no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. Holder must 
account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and the differences 
between actual payments on the Note and the Note's "projected payment schedule" as described below. The 
comparable yield is determined by the Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes. The comparable yield may 
be greater than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the Notes. Solely for the purpose of 
determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue on a contingent 
payment debt instrument, the Issuer will be required to construct a "projected payment schedule" that 
represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which would produce a yield to maturity on the 
contingent payment debt instrument equal to the comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the Issuer 
regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments, unless 
the Holder timely discloses and justifies the use of a different comparable yield and projected payment 
schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will be 
required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, adjusted 
upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount of any 
contingent payments on the contingent payment instrument (as set forth below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment 
debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over 
actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
• 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a 
Holder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and

--- Page 328 ---
309 
 
 
• 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess as does 
not exceed the excess of: 
- 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt instrument over 
- 
the total amount of the U.S. Holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on the 
contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the two per cent. floor limitation imposed on miscellaneous 
deductions. Any net negative adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to 
offset future interest income in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount 
realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment debt instrument. Where a U.S. Holder 
purchases a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference 
between the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions of 
interest or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining term 
and treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which it is 
allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement and the Holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's adjusted 
basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the acquisition cost of the Note, 
increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. Holder on the Note under these rules, disregarding 
any net positive and net negative adjustments, and decreased by the amount of any noncontingent payments 
and the projected amount of any contingent payments previously made on the Note. A U.S. Holder generally 
will treat any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous 
interest inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary 
losses, and the balance as capital loss. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In addition, 
if a Holder recognises loss above certain thresholds, the Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement 
with the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a 
contingent payment debt instrument equal to the fair market value of the property, determined at the time of 
retirement. The Holder's holding period for the property will commence on the day immediately following its 
receipt. Special rules apply to contingent payment debt instruments that are denominated, or provide for 
payments, in a currency other than the U.S. dollar ("Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes"). Very 
generally, these Notes are accounted for like a contingent payment debt instrument, as described above, but in 
the currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes. The relevant amounts must then be 
translated into U.S. dollars. The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes are complex 
and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of such Notes. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of 
income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based on 
the spot rate of exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. dollars. An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised 
with respect to an interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in 
accordance with either of two methods. 
Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect 
during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. 
Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to 
determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the spot rate of exchange rate in effect on the last day 
of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in 
effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is

--- Page 329 ---
310 
 
 
actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. 
Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of 
actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of 
the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be 
irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the 
sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the U.S. 
Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and 
the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a 
foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same 
manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above under "– Interest". Upon 
receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale of the 
Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) 
equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate of exchange 
on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market Discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, will be 
accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income currently, the 
accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period 
(or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to 
accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will be 
taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. 
Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the disposition 
or maturity of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate of exchange on 
that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond premium that is 
taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or 
loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by the difference between the spot rate of exchange in 
effect on that date, and on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in 
a Foreign Currency Note will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Note. The U.S. dollar 
cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on 
the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, as defined in the 
applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. 
Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of 
this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, 
as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis 
U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale. Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. 
Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS.

--- Page 330 ---
311 
 
 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on 
the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. 
Holder's purchase price for the Note: (i) on the date of sale or retirement; and (ii) on the date on which the 
U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any exchange rate gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note 
(including any exchange rate gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest and OID in 
the transaction) shall be realised only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised on the transaction. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax basis 
equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the interest is received or at the time of the sale or retirement. Foreign 
currency that is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency 
on the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency 
(including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or 
loss. 
Other Notes 
A description of the principal U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. Holders of any other 
type of Note that the Issuer may issue under the Programme will be set forth, if required, in the relevant Final 
Terms or a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. Holders are required to report information relating to an interest in the Notes, subject to certain 
exceptions (including an exception for Notes held in accounts maintained by financial institutions in which 
case such accounts may be reportable if maintained by a foreign financial institution). U.S. Holders are urged 
to consult their tax advisors regarding their information reporting obligations, if any, with respect to their 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Reportable Transaction Reporting 
Under certain U.S. Treasury regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in “reportable transactions” (as defined 
in the regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on IRS Form 
8886. A reportable transaction includes transactions involving foreign currency losses exceeding a statutory 
amount. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possible obligation to file IRS Form 
8886 with respect to the ownership or disposition of the Notes, or any related transaction, including without 
limitation, the disposition of any foreign currency received as interest or as proceeds from the sale or other 
disposition of the Notes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Payments of interest and accrued OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, exchange, redemption or other 
disposition of, Notes, payable to a U.S. Holder by a paying agent or other intermediary, may be subject to 
information reporting to the IRS. In addition, certain U.S. Holders may be subject to backup withholding tax 
in respect of such payments if they do not provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification 
of exempt status to a paying agent or other intermediary or otherwise comply with the applicable backup 
withholding requirements. 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. 
Holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle 
the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS in the 
manner required. Certain U.S. Holders (including, among others, corporations) are not subject to information 
reporting or backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for 
exemption from information reporting and/or backup withholding. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding any filing or reporting requirements that may 
apply to their purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes. Failure to comply with certain reporting 
obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties.

--- Page 331 ---
312 
 
 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes is, 
however, expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 332 ---
313 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
A fiduciary of a pension, profit-sharing or other employee benefit plan, including entities such as collective 
investment funds, partnerships and separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans, 
that are subject to Title I of ERISA (collectively, “ERISA Plans”), should consider the fiduciary standards of 
ERISA in the context of the ERISA Plan’s particular circumstances before authorizing an investment in the 
Notes. Accordingly, among other factors, the fiduciary should consider whether the investment would satisfy 
the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA and would be consistent with the documents and 
instruments governing the ERISA Plan, and whether the investment would involve a prohibited transaction 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as plans (including 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans) that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with 
ERISA Plans, “Plans”), from engaging in certain transactions involving “plan assets” with persons who are 
“parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the Code (“Parties in Interest”) with 
respect to the Plan. A violation of these prohibited transaction rules may result in civil penalties or other 
liabilities under ERISA and/or an excise tax under Section 4975 of the Code for those persons, unless 
exemptive relief is available under an applicable statutory, regulatory or administrative exemption. Certain 
employee benefit plans and arrangements including those that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 
3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as 
described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (“Non-ERISA Arrangements”) are not subject to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but may be subject to 
substantially similar provisions under applicable federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws or regulations (“Similar 
Laws”). 
The acquisition or holding of the Notes by a Plan with respect to which the Bank or a dealer or certain of their 
respective affiliates is or becomes a Party in Interest may constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, unless those Notes are acquired and held pursuant to and in accordance 
with an applicable exemption. Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide an 
exemption for the purchase and sale of securities where neither the issuer nor any of its affiliates has or 
exercises any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the assets of 
the Plan involved in the transaction and the Plan pays no more and receives no less than “adequate 
consideration” in connection with the transaction. The U.S. Department of Labor has also issued five 
prohibited transaction class exemptions, or “PTCEs”, that may provide exemptive relief if required for direct 
or indirect prohibited transactions that may arise from the purchase or holding of the Notes. These exemptions 
are: 
• 
PTCE 84-14, an exemption for certain transactions determined or effected by independent qualified 
professional asset managers; 
• 
PTCE 90-1, an exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate 
accounts; 
• 
PTCE 91-38, an exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds; 
• 
PTCE 95-60, an exemption for transactions involving certain insurance company general accounts; 
and 
• 
PTCE 96-23, an exemption for plan asset transactions managed by in-house asset managers. 
There can be no assurance that any of these statutory or class exemptions will be available with respect to 
transactions involving the Notes. 
Unless provided otherwise in a supplement to the Base Prospectus, the Notes will be eligible for purchase by 
Plans. Any purchaser or transferee (and if the purchaser or transferee is a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, 
its fiduciary or trustee) of Notes (or any interest therein) will be deemed to have represented and warranted by 
its acquisition and holding of the Notes (or any interest therein) that either (1) it is not a Plan and is not 
acquiring or holding the Notes (or any interest therein) on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan, and it is 
not a Non-ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law, or (2) its acquisition, holding and subsequent 
disposition of the Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited

--- Page 333 ---
314 
 
 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a Non-ERISA 
Arrangement, will not constitute or result in a violation of the provisions of any Similar Law. 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-
exempt prohibited transactions, it is important that fiduciaries or other persons considering purchasing Notes 
on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement consult with their counsel 
regarding the availability of exemptive relief under any of the PTCEs listed above, the service provider 
exemption or any other applicable exemption, or the potential consequences of any acquisition or holding of 
Notes under Similar Laws, as applicable. 
Each purchaser and holder of a Note (or any interest therein) that is a Plan will be deemed to represent, 
warrant and agree on each day on which such beneficial owner acquires such Note or interest therein through 
and including the date on which it disposes of such Note or interest therein that (i) none of the Issuer, 
Arrangers, or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (the “Transaction Parties”) is a fiduciary of, or has 
provided or will provide any investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Plan, or 
to any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Plan (the “Fiduciary”), in connection with its 
acquisition of the Notes (unless a statutory or administrative exemption applies (all of the applicable 
conditions of which are satisfied) or the transaction is not otherwise prohibited), and (ii) the Fiduciary is 
exercising its own independent judgement in evaluating the investment in the Notes. 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee is a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, its 
fiduciary or trustee) of the Notes has exclusive responsibility for ensuring that its purchase, holding and 
subsequent disposition of the Notes does not violate the fiduciary or prohibited transaction rules of ERISA, 
Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable Similar Laws. The sale of any Notes to any Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement is in no respect a representation by the Bank or any of the Bank’s affiliates or representatives 
that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Plans or Non-
ERISA Arrangements generally or any particular Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, or that such an 
investment is appropriate for Plans or Non-ERISA Arrangements generally or any particular Plan or Non-
ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 334 ---
315 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 20 December 
2023, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme. 
Subject to the terms agreed for any specific Tranche of Notes, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse any relevant 
Dealer(s) for certain expenses in connection with the issue of a Tranche of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify any relevant Dealer(s) against certain liabilities which may be incurred by them in connection 
therewith.  
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under 
the Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain 
conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the Issue Date. In this situation, the 
issuance of the Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making an offer, resale, pledge or transfer of any of the Notes. References to Notes in this section should, as 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Notes themselves and/or beneficial interests therein. 
Türkiye 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB required for the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been 
authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law and related legislation, the Capital 
Markets Law and related regulations. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or 
sold outside of Türkiye in accordance with the CMB Approval. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has 
authorised the offering, sale and issue of any Notes within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition 
that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) by way of public 
offering or private placement in Türkiye may be engaged in. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665), the BRSA 
decision dated 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) in 
the secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a 
currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) in 
both the primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that 
(for each of clauses (a) and (b)) such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks authorised by the BRSA 
or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to the CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through such licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such banks or licensed 
brokerage institutions while purchasing the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase 
price through such licensed banks. 
An issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) and/or a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) in respect of 
each Tranche of Notes shall be prepared by, and the CMB approval thereof shall be obtained by, the Issuer 
prior to the issue date of each such Tranche of Notes. The Issuer shall maintain the authorisation and approval 
of the CMB as necessary for the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme. In particular, in order to 
issue any further Tranche of Notes after 27 April 2024 the Bank will be required to renew its CMB approval 
which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 27 April 
2024, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 under 
the Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to 
the issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity 
Regulation and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds

--- Page 335 ---
316 
 
 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes. A separate approval is required from the CMB to make sustainable or green 
issuances outside of Türkiye. The Bank obtained such approval for green/sustainable issuances on 27 April 
2023 by the CMB letter dated 28 April 2023 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-36688 (the “CMB 
Approval for Green/Sustainable Issuance”). In order to issue any further tranche of Green/Sustainable 
Notes after 27 April 2024, the Bank will be required to renew such approval which, in line with the relevant 
regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 27 April 2024, the Bank will be required to 
obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further Green/Sustainable Notes if and when 
the aggregate nominal amount of all Green/Sustainable Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 under 
the Programme would exceed U.S.$3,000,000,000 with such further issue of Green/Sustainable Notes, and, 
additionally, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any 
further Green/Sustainable Notes that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation and that may 
be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme if and when the aggregate nominal 
amount of all such Green/Sustainable Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 would exceed 
U.S.$1,500,000,000, with such further issue of Green/Sustainable Notes. 
Monies paid for purchases of Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
*** 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A 
or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein):  
(a) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that it is not formed for the purpose of investing in the Issuer; 
(c) 
that it, and each account for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at last the minimum 
denomination of the Notes; 
(d) 
that it understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities 
from one or more book-entry depositories; 
(e) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Note have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and the Issuer has not registered and 
does not intend to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and, accordingly, 
the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except as set forth below; 
(f) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes 
or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the expiration of the applicable required holding 
period determined pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act from the later of the last Issue Date for the Series 
and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (a) to the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a 
QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, 
(d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or 
(e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable U.S. State securities laws;

--- Page 336 ---
317 
 
 
(g) 
 it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser or transferee, as applicable, 
of the Notes from it of the resale and transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (g) above, if then applicable; 
(h) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented 
by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(i) 
that it understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Notes represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Note that is a U.S. person and is not a QIB to sell its interest in such Notes, or may sell 
such interest on behalf of such owner. The Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest in 
any Rule 144A Global Note to a U.S. person who is not a QIB. Any purported transfer of an interest in a Rule 
144A Global Note to a purchaser that does not comply with the requirements of the transfer restrictions herein 
will be of no force and effect and will be void; 
(j) 
except as otherwise provided in a supplement to the Base Prospectus, (a) either: (i) it is not a Plan and 
is not acquiring or holding the Notes (or any interest therein) on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan, 
and it is not a Non-ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law; or (ii) its acquisition, holding and subsequent 
disposition of such Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a Non-ERISA 
Arrangement, will not constitute or result in a violation of Similar Law; and (b) if it is a Plan, (i) none of the 
Transaction Parties is a fiduciary of, or has provided or will provide any investment advice within the meaning 
of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Plan, or to the Fiduciary, in connection with its acquisition of the Notes 
(unless a statutory or administrative exemption applies (all of the applicable conditions of which are satisfied) 
or the transaction is not otherwise prohibited), and (ii) the Fiduciary is exercising its own independent 
judgement in evaluating the investment in the Notes. Any purported purchase or transfer of such Notes or 
interests therein that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void; 
(k)  
to the extent Plans or Non-ERISA Arrangements are prohibited from purchasing a Note or any 
interest therein under a supplement to the Base Prospectus, it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note (or 
any interest therein) it will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, a Plan, or a non-
ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law. Any purported purchase or transfer of such Note (or interest 
therein) that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void; 
(l) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING 
SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) (“QIB”), PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBs IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
U.S.$200,000 (OR THE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) THAT IS NOT, 
IN EACH CASE, (i) A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A 
DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED 
ISSUERS, (ii) FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER AND (iii) A 
PLAN OR TRUST FUND REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (a)(1)(i)(D), (E) OR (F) OF RULE 
144A IF INVESTMENT DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PLAN ARE MADE BY THE 
BENEFICIARIES OF THE PLAN; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED HOLDING 
PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH 
THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES 
OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB WITHIN

--- Page 337 ---
318 
 
 
THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, 
(4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR 
RESALES OF THE SECURITY. 
ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) WHICH IS NOT MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH 
HEREIN WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE NULL AND VOID AND WILL NOT 
OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS. IN 
ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, IN THE EVENT OF A TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) TO A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S THAT IS NOT A QIB, THE ISSUER MAY (A) COMPEL SUCH TRANSFEREE 
TO SELL THIS SECURITY OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO A PERSON WHO (I) IS A U.S. 
PERSON WHO IS A QIB THAT IS OTHERWISE QUALIFIED TO PURCHASE THIS SECURITY 
OR INTEREST HEREIN IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION 
S IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S OR (B) 
COMPEL SUCH TRANSFEREE TO SELL THIS SECURITY OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO A 
PERSON DESIGNATED BY OR ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE 
LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE ORIGINAL 
TRANSFEREE, (Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF OR (Z) THE 
FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF. THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR 
A TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY OR INTEREST HEREIN TO A U.S. PERSON WHO IS NOT 
A QIB. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS SECURITY WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT TO 
ITS TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND NOR DOES IT INTEND TO 
REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL BE DEEMED BY SUCH PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH DAY FROM THE DATE 
ON WHICH THE PURCHASER ACQUIRES THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
THROUGH AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER DISPOSES OF THIS 
SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN A 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS, (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT 
ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF OF 
OR WITH “PLAN ASSETS” OF, AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
(“ERISA”), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE “CODE”), AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE OR ARE 
DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR THE CODE TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY 
REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY 
(EACH OF THE FOREGOING, A “PLAN”) OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-US 
PLAN SUBJECT TO FEDERAL STATE, LOCAL OR NON-US LAWS OR REGULATIONS 
THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”) OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT

--- Page 338 ---
319 
 
 
DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-US PLAN, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF 
ANY SIMILAR LAWS, AND (B) IF IT IS A PLAN, (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, ARRANGERS, 
OR DEALERS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (THE “TRANSACTION 
PARTIES”) IS A FIDUCIARY OF, OR HAS PROVIDED OR WILL PROVIDE ANY 
INVESTMENT ADVICE WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA TO THE 
PLAN, OR TO ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE 
PLAN (THE “FIDUCIARY”), IN CONNECTION WITH ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS 
SECURITY (UNLESS A STATUTORY OR ADMINISTRATIVE EXEMPTION APPLIES (ALL 
OF THE APPLICABLE CONDITIONS OF WHICH ARE SATISFIED) OR THE TRANSACTION 
IS NOT OTHERWISE PROHIBITED), AND (II) THE FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGEMENT IN EVALUATING THE INVESTMENT IN THIS SECURITY. 
ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID. 
THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL HOLDER HEREOF TO CERTIFY 
PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH OWNER IS A QIB. 
THIS 
SECURITY 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT 
OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY 
SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”; 
(m) 
that the Notes in registered form which are registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will bear an 
additional legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, 
AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY 
PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER 
NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY 
AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, 
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE 
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED 
CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS 
LEGEND.”;

--- Page 339 ---
320 
 
 
(n) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the Notes), it will 
do so only (a) (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (ii) 
to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE 
PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE 
NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and 
(o) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any 
Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with 
respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Selling Restrictions 
Türkiye  
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB required for the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been 
authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law and related legislation, the Capital 
Markets Law and related regulations. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or 
sold outside of Türkiye in accordance with the CMB Approval. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has 
authorised the offering, sale and issue of any Notes within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition 
that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) by way of public 
offering or private placement in Türkiye may be engaged in.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665), the BRSA 
decision dated 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) in 
the secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a 
currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) in 
both the primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that 
(for each of clauses (a) and (b)) such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks authorised by the BRSA 
or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to the CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through such licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or licensed 
brokerage institutions while purchasing the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase 
price through such licensed banks. 
An issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) and/or a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) in respect of 
each Tranche of Notes shall be prepared by, and the CMB approval thereof shall be obtained by, the Issuer 
prior to the issue date of each such Tranche of Notes. The Issuer shall maintain the authorisation and approval 
of the CMB as necessary for the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme. In particular, in order to 
issue any further Tranche of Notes after 27 April 2024 the Bank will be required to renew its CMB approval 
which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 27 April 
2024, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 under 
the Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to

--- Page 340 ---
321 
 
 
the issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity 
Regulation and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes. A separate approval is required from the CMB to make sustainable or green 
issuances outside of Türkiye. The Bank obtained such approval for green/sustainable issuances on 27 April 
2023 by the CMB letter dated 28 April 2023 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-36688 (the “CMB 
Approval for Green/Sustainable Issuance”). In order to issue any further tranche of Green/Sustainable Notes 
after 27 April 2024, the Bank will be required to renew such approval which, in line with the relevant 
regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 27 April 2024, the Bank will be required to 
obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further Green/Sustainable Notes if and when 
the aggregate nominal amount of all Green/Sustainable Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 under 
the Programme would exceed U.S.$3,000,000,000 with such further issue of Green/Sustainable Notes, and, 
additionally, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any 
further Green/Sustainable Notes that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation and that may 
be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme if and when the aggregate nominal 
amount of all such Green/Sustainable Notes issued and sold following 27 April 2023 would exceed 
U.S.$1,500,000,000, with such further issue of Green/Sustainable Notes. 
Monies paid for purchases of Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”), 
each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
such Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S 
of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in the two preceding paragraphs have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the “Code”).  
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms each Dealer will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree) that: 
(a) except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any substantially 
identical successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially 
identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “D 
Rules”), (i) that it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) that it has

--- Page 341 ---
322 
 
 
not delivered and it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Definitive Bearer Notes that are 
sold during the restricted period;  
(b) it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that such Notes may 
not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules;  
(c) if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with their 
original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the 
requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any substantially identical successor 
United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially identical successor 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010);  
(d) with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations and agreements 
contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf; and  
(e) it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any substantially identical successor United States Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) that purchases any Bearer Notes from it pursuant to a written contract with 
such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is another Dealer), for the benefit of the Issuer 
and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the 
provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if 
such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes 
is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any 
other currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers 
designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4).  
EEA 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 342 ---
323 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”); or

--- Page 343 ---
324 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(C) 
 at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 344 ---
325 
 
 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
People’s Republic of China  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or delivered or will 
offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes to any person for reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the 
Macau Special Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan) in contravention of any applicable laws. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to 
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority

--- Page 345 ---
326 
 
 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree that the Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in Notes. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will 
be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 346 ---
327 
 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 347 ---
328 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Bank is registered at the Istanbul Trade Registry under number 32736. It has its principal office at Yapı 
Kredi Plaza, D Blok, Levent 34330 Istanbul, Republic of Türkiye. Its telephone number is +90 212 339 7011 
and its website is https://yapikredi.com.tr. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 25 July 2013, 4 September 2013, 27 November 2013, 10 February 
2014, 26 February 2015, 25 February 2016, 22 February 2017, 26 February 2018, 20 February 2019, 20 
February 2020, 24 February 2021, 19 January 2022 and 21 December 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the MIFID II. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme to the Official 
List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the term of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection on the 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/detail/MTN-
Programme/34/1720/0. 
(a) 
the articles of association (an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements 
and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) 
a regulated market in the EEA or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
nor offered in (i) the EEAand/or (ii) the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be, will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will 
also be available on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in 
book-entry form by DTC. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America.

--- Page 348 ---
329 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
For Notes to be issued to one or more Dealers, the price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. For Notes to be issued to one or more investors purchasing Notes directly from 
the Issuer, the price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer, based on prevailing market conditions, or by agreement between the Issuer and the 
relevant investor(s). 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of either the Bank or the Group 
since 30 September 2023. 
Save for the impact of the Interim BRSA Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference herein), 
and as described under the headings “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Türkiye—The Group is subject to risks 
related to natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophies impacting Türkiye that may materially and 
adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition”, and “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting 
Results of Operations—Turkish Economy—Turkish Political Conditions”, there has been no material adverse 
change in the financial position or prospects of either the Bank or the Group since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation  
Save as disclosed on page 224 under the title “Legal Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Bank is aware), which may have, or have had, during the 12 months prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the Group’s consolidated financial position or profitability.  
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been audited, 
without qualification as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 in accordance with the “Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks” published by the BRSA in the 
Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 2 April 2015 and the Standards on Independent Auditing that are part of the 
Turkish Auditing Standards promulgated by the POA. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2023 (with 
30 September 2022 comparatives) and as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been reviewed in accordance with the Standard on 
Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the 
Independent Auditor of the Entity”. With respect to the Interim BRSA Financial Statements, PwC has 
reported that it applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such 
information; however, its reports state that it did not audit and does not express an opinion on such interim 
financial information. 
See the English convenience translations of the relevant PwC reports incorporated by reference herein. 
PwC (a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited) is authorised by the CMB, BRSA, 
Turkish Treasury, Energy Market Regulatory Authority and Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing 
Standard Authority Board to conduct independent audits. The Bank’s financial statements are prepared on a 
quarterly basis, semi-annual and annual basis in accordance with the BRSA Principles. 
The Bank appointed PwC as its independent auditor effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a term of three 
years. The Bank renewed PwC’s appointment as independent auditor for additional terms of one year each, 
effective 1 January 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
Pursuant to the rotation practice set out in Article 400(2) of the Turkish Commercial Code as well as all other 
obligations required for the auditors under the Capital Markets Law, relevant regulation of the BRSA and 
other applicable regulations; the Bank is required to rotate its external auditors every seven years. In 
compliance with this requirement, PwC, which serves as the Bank's independent auditor through 31 December

--- Page 349 ---
330 
 
 
2023, will be replaced by Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member 
firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited) as the independent auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 
2024 after the approval of the first ordinary General Assembly.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the Dealers, the 
Arrangers and their respective affiliates may have performed investment banking and advisory services for the 
Issuer and its affiliates from time to time for which they may have received fees, expenses, reimbursements 
and/or other compensation. The Dealers or their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in 
transactions with and perform advisory and other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of their business. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative 
transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates, including in relation to the hedging of the Notes. Certain of the 
Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to the Issuer 
and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Arrangers, certain of the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, such Dealers and their 
respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
Foreign Text 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms may be 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 350 ---
331 
 
 
APPENDIX 1 
 
OVERVIEW OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND BRSA ACCOUNTING 
PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Principles differ from IFRS. Such differences are primarily related to the presentation of financial 
statements, disclosure requirements (e.g., IFRS 7) and certain accounting policies. BRSA presentation and 
disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant regulations and do not always meet IFRS or IAS 34 
standards.  
Other than as disclosed in this Appendix 1, there are no significant departures between the accounting or 
auditing standards under the BRSA Principals or auditing standards applicable to the BRSA Financial 
Statements on the one hand, and IFRS and auditing principles applicable under the International Standards on 
Auditing on the other hand. 
Among the differences in accounting policies some of the most important are: 
Consolidation and equity accounting 
Only financial sector subsidiaries and associates are consolidated and equity accounted, respectively, under 
BRSA Principles, others are carried at cost or fair value. 
Application period for hyperinflationary accounting 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under TFRS and the 
corresponding International Accounting Standards 29 (“IAS 29”) under IFRS, the financial statements of 
entities whose functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of 
changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation 
is deemed to arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive guidelines as to when restatement of 
financial statements becomes necessary. These guidelines include, among other considerations, a quantitative 
characteristic verifying if the three-year cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. In March 
2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality (“IPTF”), which monitors 
countries experiencing high inflation, categorized Türkiye as a country with three-year cumulative inflation 
rate greater than 100% as of 28 February 2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should 
apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods ending on and after June 30, 2022.  
However, on 20 January 2022, the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (“POA”) 
had stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any adjustments in their financial statements 
for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. Therefore, despite high levels of inflation in Türkiye in 2021, 2022 and 
the nine months ended 30 September 2023, inflation adjustments for such periods have not been applied on 
the BRSA Financial Statements included in the Base Prospectus, in accordance with TAS 29.  
Subsequently, on 23 November 2023, the POA announced that Turkish companies reporting under TFRS 
should begin implementing TAS 29, and adjusting their financial statements for inflation, for periods ending 
on and after 31 December 2023, subject to alternative timelines being set by applicable regulatory and 
auditing entities such as the BRSA and the CMB, with adjustments also applied to all periods presented in the 
financial statements. On 12 December 2023, the BRSA announced that the financial statements of banks and 
financial leasing, factoring, financing, savings financing, and asset management companies as of 31 December 
2023 will not be subject to the inflation adjustment required under TAS 29. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the BRSA has not announced an alternative timeline for the implementation of TAS 29. 
As a result, financial statements complying with the BRSA Principles currently materially differ from those 
complying with IFRS in the application of adjustments for the effects of changes in a general price index and 
will continue to materially differ until such time as the BRSA implements TAS 29 or IAS 29 is no longer 
applicable under IFRS. 
See also “Risk Factors—The Group’s BRSA Financial Statements were prepared under standards applicable 
to banks in Türkiye and not prepared under IFRS” in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 351 ---
332 
 
 
Related Party Disclosures 
Related party transactions and balances are disclosed in IFRS based on the definition provided in IAS 24, 
whereas in BRSA such disclosures are based on “risk group” as defined in the Banking Law. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to 
consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing factoring and leasing services which are subject to 
specific BRSA policies/requirements.

--- Page 352 ---
ISSUER 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.
Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok 
Levent 34330 Istanbul, 
Republic of Türkiye 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank GmbH
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
DEALERS
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom   
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom  
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom  
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17 Cours Valmy  
CS 50318 
92972, Paris La Défense Cedex 
France
Standard Chartered Bank 
One Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
2453 Luxembourg 
TRANSFER AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch
101 Barclay Street 
New York, New York 
USA

--- Page 353 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and United States law 
To the Issuer as to Turkish law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
GKC Partners 
Ferko Signature 
Büyükdere Caddesi No: 175 Kat: 10 
34394 Levent, İstanbul 
Republic of Türkiye 
To the Dealers as to English and United States law 
To the Dealers as to Turkish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Gedik & Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
River Plaza, Kat 17 
Büyükdere Cad., Bakar Sok. No. 13 
TR-34394 Levent Istanbul 
Republic of Türkiye 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
CURRENT AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
Galataport İstanbul 
Kılıçali Paşa, Meclis-i Mebusan Caddesi 
No: 8 34433 
Beyoğlu/Istanbul 
Republic of Türkiye