--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY PERSON (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR TO ANY PERSON 
OR ADDRESS IN THE U.S. OFFERINGS UNDER THE PROGRAMME ARE AVAILABLE 
ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE PERSONS OTHER THAN U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S) OUTSIDE OF THE U.S.
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing.  The following applies to this Base 
Prospectus following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, 
accessing or making any other use of this Base Prospectus.  In accessing this Base Prospectus, you agree 
to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you 
receive any information from the Bank as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER FOR SALE IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.  
SECURITIES OFFERED UNDER THE PROGRAMME HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OR “BLUE SKY” LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE U.S., AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”)), EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE 
STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES. ACCORDINGLY, THE 
NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
PERSONS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS.
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO 
ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, 
AND IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S) OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS.  ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED.  
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.  IF YOU HAVE 
GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE 
ANY OF THE SECURITIES OFFERED THEREUNDER.
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus, investors 
must be persons other than U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside of the U.S.  This Base 
Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, 
you shall be deemed to have represented to the Bank that (1) you have understood and agree to the 
terms set out herein, (2) you and any customers you represent are not U.S. persons (within the meaning 
of Regulation S) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. person, and that the electronic mail address 
that you gave the Bank and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the U.S., its 
territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands) or the District of Columbia and (3) you consent to 
delivery of such Base Prospectus by electronic transmission.
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of 
the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver or disclose 
the contents of this Base Prospectus to any other person.

--- Page 2 ---
The materials relating to the Programme do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an 
offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form.  You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently, none of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., the Arrangers (as defined below), the relevant 
Dealer(s), or any person who controls any of them, nor any director, officer, employee or agent of any 
of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of 
any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy 
version available to you on request from Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., the Arrangers or the relevant 
Dealer(s).
You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items.  Your use of this e-mail 
is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses 
and other items of a destructive nature.
This Base Prospectus is being distributed only to and directed only at (i) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”), (ii) high net worth bodies 
corporate falling within Article 49(2) of the Order and (iii) those persons to whom it may otherwise 
lawfully be distributed (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”).  This Base 
Prospectus is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who 
are not relevant persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates 
is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.
€1,000,000,000
Global Covered Bond Programme
Under this €1 billion Global Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”), Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., a Turkish banking institution 
organised as a public joint stock company and registered at the Istanbul Trade Registry under number 32736 (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from 
time to time issue covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or Covered 
Bondholder(s) (each as defined in this Base Prospectus).
Covered Bonds may be issued in either bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Covered Bonds” and “Registered Covered 
Bonds”).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €1 
billion (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein.
The Covered Bonds may be issued from time to time to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis; and/or (b) one or more investors purchasing Covered Bonds (or beneficial 
interests therein) directly from the Issuer.  References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds 
being (or intending to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Covered Bonds.
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk 
Factors”.
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and accordingly, may not be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or 
otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (“U.S. persons”) as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and any applicable state or local securities laws of the United States.  See “Form of the Covered Bonds” for a description of the manner 
in which Covered Bonds will be issued.  The Covered Bonds are subject to certain restrictions on transfer (see “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions”).
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA41. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may  include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE – With respect to each issuance of Covered Bonds, the Issuer may make a determination about the classification of such 
Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend titled “Notification under

--- Page 4 ---
Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore” that will state the product classification of the applicable Covered 
Bonds (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, all Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
“MAS”) Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA.
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation.  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Covered Bonds.  Such approval relates only to Covered Bonds that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) (the “Regulated Market”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus.  Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the Regulated Market.  References in this Base 
Prospectus to the Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Covered Bonds have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market.  The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market.
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are mortgage covered bonds (in Turkish, ipotek teminatlı menkul kıymet) within the 
meaning of the Communiqué on Covered Bonds III-59.1 of the Capital Markets Board (the “CMB”) of the Republic of Turkey (“Turkey”).  Application 
has been made to the CMB, in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital Markets Law”) of Turkey relating to capital 
markets, for the issuance and sale of Covered Bonds by the Bank outside of Turkey.  No Covered Bonds may be sold before the necessary approvals 
(including the issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi)) are obtained from the CMB.  The CMB approval (and the approved issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) 
annexed thereto) relating to the issuance of Covered Bonds based upon which any offering of the Covered Bonds may be conducted was obtained on 1 
April 2021 by the CMB letter No. E-12233903-360-4449 dated 2 April 2021, and a written approval (which may be in the form of an approved tranche 
issuance certificate or in any other form required under the applicable legislation) will be required to be obtained from the CMB before any sale and 
issuance of each Tranche (as defined in this Base Prospectus) of Covered Bonds.  The maximum covered bond amount that the Bank can issue under 
such approval is €400,000,000  (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate.  It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding Covered Bond 
amount or the amount permitted to be issued under the Programme, unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate covered 
bond amount to be issued under such approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed such approved amount.
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax may apply to payments of interest on the Covered Bonds.  See “Taxation—Certain Turkish 
Tax Considerations”.
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered 
Bonds and certain other information that is applicable to each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be set out in a final terms document (for each Tranche, 
its “Final Terms”) (which, with respect to Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland).  Copies of 
such Final Terms for Tranches admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will also be published on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.yapikredi.com.tr/en/investor-relations/mortgage-backed-covered-bond.aspx.
The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of a private placement) the relevant investor(s) (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms).  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market.
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may either be rated (whether by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”) and/or 
any other Relevant Rating Agency (as defined in this Base Prospectus)) or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated (other than unsolicited 
ratings), the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the Final Terms for such Tranche and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Covered Bonds of other Series.  The Bank has also been rated by Moody’s and Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) (each, a “Rating Agency”).  Each 
of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the in the United Kingdom and is registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The Bank’s ratings issued by Moody’s and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, respectively, and in each case, in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.  A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Arrangers and Dealers
NATIXIS
UniCredit
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 April 2021.

--- Page 5 ---
-v-
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  This document does not constitute a prospectus for the purpose of Section 12(a)(2) of, or 
any other provision of or rule under, the Securities Act.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are (or portions of 
which are) deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”).  This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents (or the 
applicable portions thereof) are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents, the 
Security Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Cover Monitor or the Offshore Account Bank accepts any 
responsibility for the information contained in and/or incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or for 
any statement inconsistent with this Base Prospectus made, or purported to be made, by a Dealer or an 
Arranger or on its behalf in connection with the Programme.  Each Dealer and Arranger, each Agent, 
the Security Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Cover Monitor and the Offshore Account Bank 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability that it might otherwise have (whether in tort, contract or 
otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or statements.
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers 
or any affiliate of the Dealers are a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be 
deemed to be made by that Dealer or its affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds or relevant Final Terms and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied by (or on behalf of) the Issuer 
or any of the Arrangers or Dealers in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds or relevant 
Final Terms: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any such other information should invest in any Covered Bonds.  Each investor 
contemplating investing in any Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in and/or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Covered Bonds based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor, except to the extent explicitly stated therein, any such 
other information (including any Final Terms) constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers to any person to invest in any Covered Bonds.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered 
Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained 
herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof (or, if such information is stated to be as of 
an earlier date, subsequent to such earlier date) or that any other information supplied in connection

--- Page 6 ---
-vi-
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.  The Arrangers and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention.
None of the Arrangers, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates shall be responsible for any 
act or omission of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Programme and the issue and 
offering of Covered Bonds thereunder.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Covered Bonds (or beneficial 
interests therein) might be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  None of the Issuer, the Arrangers 
or the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered 
Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer that is intended to permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds 
(or beneficial interests therein) or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction in which action 
for that purpose is required.  Accordingly: (a) no Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly; and (b) neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published, in any jurisdiction, in each case, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein).  In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Covered 
Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) in the Republic of Turkey, the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the United Kingdom), the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), Hong Kong, 
Japan, Switzerland, Italy and Singapore.  See “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions.”
In making an investment decision, investors must rely upon their own examination of the Issuer 
and the terms of the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) being offered, including the merits 
and risks involved.  The Covered Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any state securities commission or other 
regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the CMB and the Central Bank 
of Ireland described herein, have not been approved or disapproved by any other securities commission 
or any other regulatory authority in Turkey or any other jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other 
than the Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) approved this Base Prospectus or 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering.  Any representation to the contrary is 
unlawful.
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in 
the Covered Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in 
the Covered Bonds should ensure that it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time.
The Covered Bonds might not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor 
in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  
In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial 
and other professional advisers, whether it:
(a)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
applicable Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in such Covered Bonds 
and the information contained in and/or incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto;

--- Page 7 ---
-vii-
(b)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the applicable Covered Bonds and 
the impact its investment in such Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment 
portfolio;
(c)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the applicable Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(d)
understands thoroughly the terms of the applicable Covered Bonds and is familiar with 
the behaviour of financial markets; and
(e)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
might affect its investment in the Covered Bonds and its ability to bear the applicable 
risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations or to review or regulation by 
certain authorities.  Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent: (a) Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) are legal 
investments for it; (b) Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing; and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered 
Bonds (or beneficial interests therein).  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of their investments in the Covered Bonds 
under any applicable risk-based capital or other rules.
Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as standalone investments but rather as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios.
The Issuer has obtained the CMB approval through the CMB letter dated 2 April 2021 No. E-
12233903-360-4449 (the “CMB Approval”) required for the issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme.  The maximum covered bond amount that the Bank can issue under the CMB Approval is 
€400,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate.  It should be noted that, regardless of 
the outstanding Covered Bond amount or the amount permitted to be issued under the Programme, 
unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate covered bond amount to be 
issued under such approval cannot exceed such approved amount.  In addition to the CMB Approval, 
but only to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations, a written approval (whether in form 
of a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) or in any other form required under the applicable 
legislation) in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds is required to be obtained by the Issuer prior 
to the issue date (for each Tranche, its “Issue Date”) of such Tranche of Covered Bonds, which date 
will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer will maintain or obtain (as applicable) all 
authorisations and approvals of the CMB necessary for its offer, sale and issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme.  Consequently, the scope of the CMB Approval might be amended and/or new 
approvals from the CMB might be obtained from time to time.
Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme has been authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32 on the Protection of the 
Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended from time to time, “Decree 32”), the Capital Markets Law, 
the Debt Instruments Communiqué No. VII-128.8 issued by the CMB (as amended from time to time, 
the “Debt Instruments Communiqué”) and the Communiqué on Covered Bonds No. III-59.1 issued 
by the CMB (as amended from time to time, the “Covered Bonds Communiqué”) or its related 
legislation or regulations.

--- Page 8 ---
-viii-
In addition, the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold 
outside of Turkey in accordance with the CMB Approval.  Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has 
authorised the offering, sale and issue of Covered Bonds outside of Turkey.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, pursuant to the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency of Turkey (Bankacılık 
Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”) decisions dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665) and 
30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Turkey: (a) in the 
secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) 
denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse 
enquiry) basis; and (b) in both the primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Covered Bonds 
(or beneficial interests therein) denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited 
(reverse enquiry) basis; provided that (for each of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above) such purchase or 
sale is made through licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to BRSA 
and/or CMB regulations and the purchase price is transferred through licensed banks authorised under 
BRSA regulations.  As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or licensed brokerage 
institutions while purchasing Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase 
price through such licensed banks.
Moneys paid for the purchase of Covered Bonds are not protected by the insurance coverage 
provided by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund of Turkey (Tasarruf Mevduatı Sigorta Fonu) (the 
“SDIF”).
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds.  Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through over-
allotment or otherwise) issue more Covered Bonds than have been approved by the CMB or are 
permitted under the Programme.
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Interest Amounts payable in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by 
reference to the following benchmark reference rates that are provided by the following benchmark 
administrators (each a “Benchmark Administrator”):
Benchmark Reference Rates
Benchmark Administrator
LIBOR
...............................................................
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited
EURIBOR
...............................................................
European Money Markets Institute
TRLIBOR
...............................................................
Banks Association of Turkey
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
specify whether or not the applicable Benchmark Administrator appears on the register of

--- Page 9 ---
-ix-
administrators and benchmarks (the “Register of Administrators”) established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) of 8 June 
2016 (as amended, the “Benchmarks Regulation”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited and European Money Markets Institute appear on the Register of 
Administrators, but none of the other Benchmark Administrators appear on the Register of 
Administrators. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that none of the Benchmark Administrators that are not registered as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus in the Register of Administrators is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Presentation of Financial Information
The Bank maintains its books and prepares its statutory financial statements in Turkish Lira in 
accordance with the prevailing accounting principles and standards set out as per Articles 37 and 38 of 
the Banking Law, effective from 1 November 2005, the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102) (the 
“Turkish Commercial Code”) and Turkish tax legislation and other regulations, circulars, 
communiqués and pronouncements in respect of accounting and financial reporting and 
pronouncements made by the BRSA (collectively, the “BRSA Principles”).
The Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for 
each of the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively 
(the “BRSA Financial Statements”) have been prepared and presented in accordance with the 
“Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding Banks’ Accounting Applications and 
Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006 by 
the BRSA which refers to “Turkish Accounting Standards” and “Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards” issued by the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (“POA”) and 
other decrees, notes and explanations related to the accounting and financial reporting principles (all 
“Turkish Accounting Standards” or “TAS”) published by the BRSA.  
See the convenience translations into English of the relevant PwC (as defined below) reports 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
The format and the details of the publicly announced financial statements and related 
disclosures to these statements have been prepared in accordance with the “Communiqué Related to 
Publicly Announced Financial Statements of Banks and Explanations and Notes Related to these 
Financial Statements” and changes and notes to this communiqué published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012.  It is important to note that the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements 
are prepared with inclusion of only financial subsidiaries whereas other equity participations are 
included as noted in the following paragraph.  The Bank’s foreign affiliates maintain their books of 
account and prepare their financial statements in accordance with the generally accepted accounting 
principles and the related legislation applicable in the countries in which they operate; however, in order 
to provide fair presentation according to TAS, necessary adjustments and reclassifications are reflected 
to those financial statements.
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared on a historical cost basis (restated for the changes 
in the general purchasing power of TL until 31 December 2004) except for: financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets available for sale, trading derivative 
financial liabilities and hedging derivative financial assets/liabilities and art objects and paintings in 
tangible assets and buildings in tangible assets.  The carrying values of financial assets carried at 
amortised cost but subject to fair value hedge are adjusted to reflect the fair value changes related to the 
hedged risks.

--- Page 10 ---
-x-
Associates, subsidiaries and joint ventures are being carried at the equity method in the 
unconsolidated financial statements of the Bank starting from 30 June 2015.  Any valuation differences 
arising from prior years are booked as “marketable securities valuation differences” under equity and 
any valuation differences arising from current years are booked in the income statement.  This 
accounting policy change was performed through an early adoption before the effective date of 1 
January 2016 in accordance with the change of “Standard on Stand-alone Financial Statement (TAS 
27)” No. 29321 on 9 April 2015 and confirmation by the BRSA’s letter No. 10686 on 14 July 2015.
 The Bank appointed PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a 
member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited) (“PwC”) as its independent auditor 
effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a term of three years. The Bank has twice renewed PwC’s 
appointment as independent auditor for an additional term of one year, effective as of 1 January 2020 
and 25 March 2021.
PwC audited and issued auditors’ reports with respect to the annual consolidated BRSA 
financial statements as of and for each of the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018 in accordance with communiqué “Independent Audit of Banks” published by the 
BRSA in the Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 2 April 2015 and the Standards on Independent Auditing 
that are part of the Turkish Auditing Standards promulgated by the POA.  See the convenience 
translations in English of PwC’s reports incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented herein is based upon the BRSA 
Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein and have been extracted from the BRSA 
Financial Statements without material adjustment.  The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, were prepared as convenience 
translations of the BRSA Financial Statements originally issued in the Turkish language (which 
translations the Bank confirms were direct and accurate).  The English language BRSA Financial 
Statements were not prepared for the purpose of their inclusion in this Base Prospectus.
While neither the Bank nor the Group is required by law to prepare its accounts under any 
accounting standards other than the BRSA Principles, including under International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”), the Bank’s management has elected to publish annual consolidated and 
semi-annual consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, with 
the most recent such audited financial statements being the Group’s IFRS financial statements for the 
fiscal year ended 31 December 2020.  IFRS financial statements are not used for any regulatory 
purposes and the Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements and the related BRSA 
Principles for the management of the Bank and communications with investors.  While the Group’s 
IFRS financial statements are available on the Bank’s website, information in this Base Prospectus is 
based upon the BRSA Financial Statements, and the Group’s IFRS audited financial statements do not 
form a part of (and are not incorporated by reference in) this Base Prospectus.
Certain figures included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been 
subject to rounding adjustments (e.g., certain U.S. dollar amounts have been rounded to the nearest 
million).  Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
that precede them.
Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for statements and data concerning the Bank and its 
business are based upon best estimates and assumptions of the Bank’s management.  Management 
believes that these assumptions are reasonable and that its estimates have been prepared with due care.  
The data concerning the Bank included herein, whether based upon external sources or based upon the 
Bank’s internal research, constitute the best current estimates of the information described.
The contents of any website referenced herein do not form part of (and are not incorporated 
into) this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 11 ---
-xi-
BRSA Principles and IFRS
BRSA Principles differ from IFRS.  As an example, the provisioning policy used in the 
preparation of the Bank’s IFRS financial statements differs from that used under BRSA Principles.  For 
example, under BRSA Principles, provisioning is based on the length of the period of default, whereas 
under IFRS, provisioning is based on an evaluation made by management.  For a discussion of the 
differences between BRSA Principles and IFRS, see “Appendix A—Overview of Significant Differences 
between IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles”.
Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance
To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with 
BRSA Principles, the Group uses certain ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus that 
would be considered non-GAAP financial measures in the United States.  A body of generally accepted 
accounting principles such as IFRS or BRSA Principles is commonly referred to as “GAAP”.  A 
non-GAAP financial measure is defined as one that measures historical or future financial performance, 
financial position or cash flows but that excludes or includes amounts that would not be so adjusted in 
the most comparable GAAP measures.  These non-GAAP financial measures are not a substitute for 
GAAP measures, for which management has responsibility.
The non-GAAP measures included in this Base Prospectus are not in accordance with or an 
alternative to measures prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and may be different from 
similarly titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies.  The Bank’s management believes that 
this information, along with comparable measures under BRSA Principles, is useful to investors 
because it provides a basis for measuring the organic operating performance in the years presented.  
These measures are used in internal management of the Group, along with the most directly comparable 
financial measures under BRSA Principles, in evaluating the Group’s operating performance.  
Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, 
financial information presented in compliance with BRSA Principles.  Non-GAAP financial measures 
as reported by the Group may not be comparable to similarly titled amounts reported by other 
companies.
The Bank’s management believes that these non-GAAP measures, when considered in 
conjunction with measures under BRSA Principles, enhance investors’ and management’s overall 
understanding of the Group’s current financial performance.  In addition, because the Group has 
historically reported certain non-GAAP results to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the 
inclusion of non-GAAP measures provides consistency in the Group’s financial reporting.
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates
In this Base Prospectus, all references to:

“Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the 
Republic of Turkey;

“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended;

“U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$ ” and “$” refer to United States dollars; and

“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling.
Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts in this Base Prospectus are presented in Turkish Lira.

--- Page 12 ---
-xii-
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in relation to the Presentation of 
Information in this Base Prospectus
Capitalised terms that are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus 
will have the meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus.
In this Base Prospectus, “Bank” means Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis and 
“Group” means the Bank and its subsidiaries (and with respect to accounting information, its 
consolidated entities) unless the context otherwise requires.
In this Base Prospectus, any reference to Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent (together, the 
“Clearing Systems”).
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the 
Bank’s competitors has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly 
available information.  Where third party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source 
of such information has been identified.  The Issuer confirms that all such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from the relevant published 
information, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduction of this information 
inaccurate or misleading.  Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing statement, third party 
information in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been independently verified 
by the Bank or any other party.
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law.  In particular, but without limitation, the titles of Turkish 
legislation and the names of Turkish institutions referenced herein have been translated from Turkish 
into English.  The translation of these titles and names are direct and accurate.
The Issuer has derived substantially all of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
concerning the Turkish market and its competitors, which may include estimates or approximations, 
from publicly available information, including press releases and filings made under various securities 
laws.  Unless otherwise indicated, all data relating to the Turkish banking sector in this Base Prospectus 
has been obtained from the BRSA’s website at www.bddk.org.tr and the Banks Association of Turkey’s 
website at www.tbb.org.tr and all data relating to the Turkish economy, including statistical data, has 
been obtained from the website of the Turkish Statistical Institute (Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) 
(“TurkStat”) at www.turkstat.gov.tr, the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey’s (the “Central 
Bank” or “CBRT”) website at www.tcmb.gov.tr and the Turkish Treasury’s website at 
www.hazine.gov.tr.  Data has been downloaded/observed on various days between the months of 
September 2020 and March 2021 and may be the result of calculations made by the Issuer and therefore 
may not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere.  Such websites do not form part 
of, and are not incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.  Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for 
statements and data concerning the Issuer and its business are based on best estimates and assumptions 
of the Issuer’s management.  Management believes that these assumptions are reasonable and that its 
estimates have been prepared with due care.  The data concerning the Issuer included herein, whether 
based on external sources or based on the Issuer’s management of internal research, constitute the best 
current estimates of the information described.
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics may be obtainable from 
other sources, although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting 
data, may vary from source to source.  Where information has been sourced from a third party, such

--- Page 13 ---
-xiii-
publications generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed 
to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed.
Certain information under the heading “Book-Entry Clearance Systems” has been extracted 
from information provided by the clearing systems referred to therein.  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant clearing systems, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Information regarding the Bank’s shareholders (including ownership levels and agreements) in 
“Business of the Bank” and “Share Capital and Ownership” has been based upon public filings and 
announcements by such shareholders.

--- Page 14 ---
-xiv-
TABLE OF CONTENTS
___________________
Page
Risk Factors.............................................................................................................................................1
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process...............................................................................51
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................................53
Supplements to the Base Prospectus .....................................................................................................55
Overview of the Group and the Programme..........................................................................................56
General Description of the Programme.................................................................................................61
Form of the Covered Bonds ..................................................................................................................97
Form of Applicable Final Terms .........................................................................................................101
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds......................................................................................118
Description of the Transaction Documents .........................................................................................160
Use of Proceeds ...................................................................................................................................185
Selected Financial Information............................................................................................................186
Capitalisation of the Bank ...................................................................................................................193
Business of the Bank ...........................................................................................................................194
Mortgage Origination, Approval and Servicing..................................................................................232
Risk Management................................................................................................................................236
Management ........................................................................................................................................266
Share Capital and Ownership ..............................................................................................................275
Related Party Transactions..................................................................................................................277
Insolvency of the Issuer.......................................................................................................................280
Overview of the Turkish Residential Mortgage Loan Market ............................................................286
Summary of the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation .........................................................................290
Turkish Banking System .....................................................................................................................295
Turkish Regulatory Environment........................................................................................................302
Book-Entry Clearance Systems...........................................................................................................336
Taxation...............................................................................................................................................341
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions...................................................................................345
General Information ............................................................................................................................352
Glossary of Defined Terms .................................................................................................................355
Appendix A  Overview of Significant Differences between IFRS and BRSA Accounting 
Principles .............................................................................................................................................360

--- Page 15 ---
1
RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks.  Prior to making an investment 
decision, prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds should carefully read the entire Base 
Prospectus.  In addition to the other information in this Base Prospectus, prospective investors should 
carefully consider, in light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, the following 
risks related to the Group’s business, Turkey, the Turkish banking industry, the Cover Pool and the 
Covered Bonds, before making an investment in the Covered Bonds.  If any of the following risks 
actually occurs, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected.
In addition, factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Covered Bonds are also described below.  The Bank believes that the factors described below 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds, but the Bank does not represent 
that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds are exhaustive.
Risks Related to the Group’s Business
The Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are affected by general 
economic conditions in Turkey
As of 31 December 2020, 96.40% of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s 
operations were in Turkey.  As a result, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily 
affected by economic conditions in Turkey.  Turkish GDP growth has fluctuated in the past several 
years with GDP growth of  3.7% in 2018, 0.9% in 2019 and 1.8% in 2020 according to TurkStat.  
Turkey’s economic conditions have weakened since the latter half of 2018 due to a number of 
macroeconomic factors, including the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, higher interest rates, increasing 
political uncertainties and the continuing impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic. See “—The 
outbreak of coronavirus infections could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business”. 
Moreover, as an open, emerging economy with a reliance on external funding, Turkey’s economy is 
significantly impacted by global macroeconomic conditions, particularly those that impact emerging 
markets (including global monetary policies). In the past several years, global credit and capital markets, 
and the Turkish economy, have been negatively affected by a number of factors, including expectations 
regarding global central banks’ monetary policy, global trade conditions and international political 
relations. 
Weaker economic conditions in Turkey could adversely impact the Group’s business and 
operating results as a result of:

reduced consumer confidence and decreases in business activity resulting in reduced 
demand for the Group’s loans and fee and commission generating services;

deterioration of creditworthiness of companies and individuals resulting in 
impairments on assets and/or collateral as well as increased levels of non-performing 
loans (“NPLs”) and amounts of loan impairment charges;

reduced, or no, access to capital markets due to unfavourable market conditions 
increasing funding costs and higher liquidity and financing risk; and

lower deposit growth and/or increased competition for deposits leading to higher 
funding costs.
The deterioration of macroeconomic conditions in Turkey has already impacted the Turkish 
banking sector in several ways including (i) the high interest rate environment which increased the cost 
of funding, and lending rates, (ii) negative/slow economic growth and increased inflation which 
negatively impacted the demand and supply for lending and the asset quality of both corporate and retail 
loans and (iii) volatility in the exchange rate which also impacted both the asset quality and capital 
ratios of the Turkish banking sector.  Accordingly, continued weakness in Turkish economic conditions

--- Page 16 ---
2
due to domestic and international factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
For further discussion of how conditions in Turkey affect the Group, see “—Risks Related to 
Turkey”.
The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and counterparties
The Group’s business is subject to inherent risk concerning the credit quality of borrowers and 
counterparties, which affects the value of the Group’s assets.  Systemic risks and macroeconomic 
factors in the Turkish and global financial system discussed above can all impact the credit quality of 
the Group’s customers and counterparties and negatively affect the value of the Group’s assets.
Despite the weaker economic conditions in Turkey, the deterioration in NPL ratios that had 
started in 2017 has been deferred for the Group, primarily due to the actions taken against the spread of 
COVID-19, including changes to the regulation of NPLs (which has deferred recognition of NPs and 
strong loan growth in the Turkish banking sector.  According to BRSA statistics, the ratio of NPLs to 
total loans in the Turkish banking sector was 3.7% as of 31 December 2018 (Group: 5.3%), 5.2% as of 
31 December 2019 (Group: 7.4%; 6.5% on a comparable basis) and 4.0% as of 31 December 2020 
(Group: 6.2%). As a result of the NPL recognition decision in 2020 the Turkish banking sector’s NPL 
amount in TL increased only by TL 1.2 billion as of 31 December 2020, compared to 31 December 
2019 and parallel to the sector, the Group’s NPL amount in TL increased by a limited amount of 241 
million in the same period. NPL ratio would likely to rise in the Turkish banking sector in 2021 
following the expiry of the BRSA’s temporary COVID-19 support measures. Yet, the Bank has been 
provisioning loans prudently and does not expect material change in cost of risk following the expiry 
of the BRSA’s temporary measures.
In particular, the Group may be subject to increased credit risk as its business strategy is 
strongly focused on certain segments and lending as higher margin generating asset classes, such as the 
retail segment, small and medium enterprise (“SME”) loans (7% of total loans as of 31 December 
2020), general purpose loans (13% of total loans as of 31 December 2020) and credit cards generally 
(12% of total loans as of 31 December 2020), as well as on Turkish companies and project finance 
lending.  Some of these segments are generally viewed as riskier segments with higher NPL levels and 
could place additional pressure on the asset quality of the Group.  As of 31 December 2020, the ratio of 
NPLs to total loans in the credit card segment of the Turkish banking sector was 3.4% (Group: 3.5%) 
and in the commercial instalment loans segment was 6.3% (Group: 6.2%).  In particular, negative 
developments in the Turkish economy, including the continued slowdown of GDP growth in Turkey, 
could affect consumer and SME borrowers more than large corporates, resulting in higher NPL levels 
and greater provisioning.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s share of performing loans and 
receivables in the consumer (including general purpose, auto and mortgage loans) segment was 18%, 
in the credit card segment (including corporate credit cards) was 12%, in the corporate segment was 
63% and in the commercial instalment segment was 7%.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s 
restructured loans constituted 8% of the Bank’s aggregate loan portfolio, compared to 9% as of 31 
December 2019, and the Group’s watch loan ratio was 17%, compared to its level of 16% as at 31 
December 2019.
The Bank also issues loans to SME borrowers under Turkey’s Credit Guarantee Fund (“CGF”) 
programme.  The CGF programme is subject to funding limits and any positive impact on growth may 
only be short term.  Lending pursuant to the CGF programme could have a negative impact on the asset 
quality of the Group due to the possibility that SME borrowers entail greater risks than corporate 
borrowers. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the CGF programme was expanded to provide TL 
50 billion in support with a one year maturity, which could heighten such risks.
In addition, the corporate sector may be particularly exposed to foreign exchange risk so far as 
corporate loans are denominated in foreign currencies.  Borrowers under such corporate loans are 
susceptible to depreciation in the Turkish Lira if they do not have adequate foreign currency reserves

--- Page 17 ---
3
or hedging, particularly if currency issues are compounded by particular macroeconomic factors that 
impact certain sectors or clients (such as the potential combined impact of Turkish Lira depreciation 
and global oil price reductions on the energy sector).  As such, the Group’s NPLs could materially 
increase in the near to medium term, in particular if there is a deterioration in macroeconomic conditions 
in Turkey.
The Group also has a substantial portfolio of derivative financial assets, including currency 
forwards, currency and interest rate swaps, options, an interest rate cap and floor arrangements and 
credit default swaps.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s total recognised derivatives had a notional 
value of TL 447,560,747 thousand, and the fair values of the derivative assets and liabilities were 
TL 5,770,100 thousand and TL 10,593,179 thousand, respectively.  The Group is exposed to credit risk 
with respect to the ability of its counterparties to meet their obligations under these derivative financial 
assets.  Furthermore, growth in the Group’s loan portfolio may lead to an increase in loan to deposit 
ratios, unless matched by deposit growth. 
Exposure to any or all of these credit risks could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may not have sufficient loan loss provisions
The Group records loss provisions in line with regulatory requirements and maintains capital 
ratios in excess of regulatory minimums, but such provisions and capital buffers may be insufficient for 
future credit losses, particularly if macroeconomic conditions in Turkey worsen more than anticipated, 
including as a result of lower earnings of the Group, declines in asset quality and foreign exchange 
volatility.  The Group’s total loss provisions have increased in recent years and amounted to TL 
7,112,841 thousand or 2.56% (net of collections cost of risk) of gross loans and receivables as of 31 
December 2018, TL 8,983,811 thousand or 2.92% (net of collections cost of risk) of gross loans and 
receivables as of 31 December 2019 and TL 9,714,586 thousand or 2.51% (net of collections cost of 
risk) of gross loans and receivables as of 31 December 2020.  Stage 3 provisions amounted to 
TL 4,338,290 thousand or 1.05% (net of collections specific cost of risk) as of 31 December 2020.  The 
current level of provisions by the Group may not be sufficient to cover future losses and the Group may 
have to create significant additional provisions for possible credit losses in the future.  In particular, the 
Group has taken higher provisions to account for the potential negative impact on asset quality due to 
the COVID-19 pandemic and, despite a temporary rule adjusting the categorisation of Stage 1 and Stage 
2 loans, the Bank continues to provide provisions for loan reserves as if this rule had not been 
implemented (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Loan Loss Reserves”). However, such additional 
provisions may not be sufficient to account for the full negative impact. The Group’s provisioning 
policy was also impacted in 2018 by the adoption of IFRS 9, which in effect increased the sensitivity 
of the Bank’s provisions to macroeconomic volatility, including the impact of exchange rate 
depreciations on Stage 1 and Stage 2 provisions.  Any failure by the Group to monitor and regulate the 
adequacy of its provisioning levels could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
The Bank is subject to liquidity and refinancing risks
The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk, arising out of mismatches between the maturities of the 
Bank’s assets and liabilities, which together with increased market volatility and changes in general 
economic conditions, may contribute to the Bank not being able to meet its net funding requirements at 
a reasonable cost, or at all.  A significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of short-term 
debt and deposits and the Group has a mix of short, medium and long-term assets in the form of retail, 
consumer and corporate loans, mortgages and credit cards, which may result in asset liability maturity 
gaps and ultimately liquidity problems.  As of 31 December 2020, deposits constituted 54.4% of the 
Group’s total liabilities and, of all deposits, 95.97% had maturities of three months or less.
In addition, the Group has increased the portion of its funding raised on the international 
markets, particularly with respect to longer denominated liabilities given the short-term nature of its

--- Page 18 ---
4
deposit portfolio, and may need to access additional wholesale funding in the future to refinance existing 
liabilities, to balance the duration gap of its portfolio and to fund any future growth.  As of 31 December 
2020, the Group had a total of TL 46 billion of funds borrowed from wholesale sources, of which TL 
39 billion of other borrowed funds from foreign sources, and TL 25 billion of marketable securities 
issued, in relation to its diversified payment rights securitisation and issued bonds in local currency.  In 
order to cover the maturity mismatch from short-term funding and long-term lending, the Group has 
raised longer term funds in the form of syndications, securitisations and other loans, almost all of which 
are denominated in foreign currency.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s total foreign currency 
denominated bank deposits and borrowings constituted 16.47% of its consolidated foreign currency 
liabilities excluding equity and total bank deposits and borrowings with maturity of one year or more 
was 3.99% of total foreign currency liabilities excluding equity.  The Group may have difficulties 
extending this type of funding source and such funding may become more difficult and costly in the 
event of further Turkish Lira depreciation.
The Bank’s liquidity risk could be increased by market disruptions, such as those caused by the 
spread of COVID-19 or regulations introduced to minimise the impact of COVID-19, or Turkish 
sovereign or Group-specific credit downgrades, which may reduce the availability of funding.  The 
Group’s liquidity and financing risks may also be adversely affected by increases in interest rates.  See 
“—The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates”.
The Bank may be unsuccessful in managing its liquidity and maturity profile in the future.  
Particularly in light of the volatility in the market for emerging market debt, the Bank may have 
difficulty obtaining financing or extending and/or refinancing its existing indebtedness.
The Bank is subject to risks in its trading activities
As part of the Bank’s treasury operations, it trades various securities and derivatives, including 
debt, equity, fixed income, currencies and commodities and related derivatives, as both agent and 
principal, and it derives a portion of its non-interest income from profits earned in such trades.
The Bank may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such securities 
and derivatives, including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its long or short 
positions, a decline in the market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest 
rates or foreign currency exchange rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with 
which the Bank chooses to hedge certain positions do not track the market value of those positions.  
Failure to earn profits or incurring losses from trading activities as a result of such risks could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank.
In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in 
interest rates.  As of 31 December 2020, the total nominal interest rate swap volume (including cross 
currency interest rate swaps) amounted to TL 239,002 billion, out of which TL 96,053 billion was under 
hedge accounting and thus not affected by interest rate fluctuations.  Nominal interest rates are sensitive 
to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued by the Turkish 
government (the “Government”) and both domestic and international economic and political 
conditions.
The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates
The Group may also be adversely affected by changes in interest rates.  For example, if interest 
rates increase, the interest on the Group’s liabilities (predominantly short-term) may rise more quickly 
than on its assets, resulting in deteriorating interest margins.
If the Group is unable for any reason to re-price or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets 
in response to changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities in an expedited or an effective manner 
as a result of economic or other reasons, then the Group’s interest income margins would be adversely 
affected.  An increase in interest rates may reduce the demand for loans from the Group and its ability 
to originate loans.  In addition, higher interest rates increase the Group’s deposit and borrowing costs

--- Page 19 ---
5
and the Group may be required to seek alternative sources of liquidity and funding, which may only be 
available at increased cost or have limited or no availability.  A decrease in the general level of interest 
rates may affect the Group through, among other things, increased pre-payments on its loan portfolio 
and increased competition for deposits.  In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities 
which expose it to fluctuations in interest rates, see “—The Bank is subject to risks in its trading 
activities”.
The Bank monitors interest rate risk from local and foreign currency assets separately.  Under 
its risk management framework, the Bank’s foreign currency assets and liabilities are managed to align 
their maturities, taking into account the Bank’s expectations for international interest rate performance.  
However, interest rate risk from local currency assets is more pronounced due to the lag between the 
re-pricing of longer maturity assets and shorter maturity liabilities.  When interest rates rise, the Group 
may be adversely affected by the re-pricing lag because its assets will retain lower interest rates as the 
interest on its liabilities rises resulting in an increase in interest expense relative to interest income, 
reducing margins and the Group’s net interest income.  For a description of the Group’s interest rate 
risk management, see “Risk Management”.
The years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 were characterised by a high degree of 
volatility in interest rates and changes in the Central Bank’s policy, as a result of a number of factors, 
including as a result of COVID-19 and measures introduced to minimise its negative impacts, such as 
the Asset Ratio (as defined in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Additional COVID-19 Related 
Temporary Measures”), which created pressure on loan and deposit volumes and thus on the interest 
rate environment, as well as increased political volatility in Turkey, which, among other factors, led 
Fitch and Moody’s to downgrade Turkey’s sovereign credit rating in September 2020.  See “—Risks 
Related to Turkey—Political developments in Turkey may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”.
Accordingly, any volatility in interest rates can significantly affect the Group’s results of 
operation and financial condition.
The Group’s loans and receivables may be concentrated among its largest borrowers and in certain 
industries
As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s loans to and receivables from its 20 largest borrowers or 
borrower groups amounted to TL 46 million, or 14.51% of its total loans and receivables, as compared 
with TL 47 million, or 17.79% of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2019, TL 33,177 
million, or 14.7% of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2018.  Any impairment in the 
ability of one or more of these borrowers or borrower groups to service or repay their obligations to the 
Group could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.  
The Banking Act No. 5411, effective from 1 November 2005 (the “Banking Law”), restricts the total 
financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to 
any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% of its equity capital. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s top ten sectors accounted for 74% of the Bank’s gross 
cash and non-cash loans.  A further downturn or slower recovery in any of these sectors (particularly 
the construction and energy sectors, which are primary areas of focus for the Bank), individually or in 
the aggregate, may adversely affect the financial condition of the companies operating in such sectors 
and may result in, among other things, a decrease of funds that such corporate customers hold on deposit 
with the Bank, a default on their obligations owed to the Bank or a need for the Bank to increase its 
provisions in respect of such obligations.  Similarly, a downturn of any one or more of the Bank’s largest 
customers’ financial positions may have similar effects.

--- Page 20 ---
6
The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it exposed to unidentified 
or unanticipated risks
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including 
credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk.  See “Risk Management”.  The Group’s risk 
management strategies and techniques may fail to manage risk adequately in some circumstances.  If 
circumstances arise that the Group has not identified or anticipated adequately, or if the security of its 
risk management systems is compromised, then the Group’s losses could be greater than expected, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations.  Some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical 
market behaviour, which, as evidenced by events caused by the global financial crisis, may not always 
accurately predict future risk exposures, which could therefore be significantly greater than historical 
measures indicate.
In particular, the Group may be unable to correctly assess the creditworthiness of credit 
applicants.  The increase in the Group’s loan portfolio (including a significant portion of unseasoned 
loans) has increased the Group’s credit exposure and requires continuous improvement to internal 
monitoring by the Group’s management of its lending policies, credit quality and adequacy of 
provisioning levels through the Group’s risk management programme, particularly in its retail segment 
(including SMEs).  A Turkish centralised credit bureau monitors and controls consumer credit 
information (including credit cards), but it includes only data shared by the Group and its competitors 
in Turkey, not information from other non-bank entities, such as utility companies.  The Group uses 
internal models and scorecards (which incorporate credit bureau information), but the Group is not 
always independently able to confirm information provided by prospective clients and such models and 
scorecards could prove inadequate.  Any failure of the Group’s risk management procedures could also 
increase the Group’s credit risk.  
In addition, assets that are not traded on public trading markets, such as derivative contracts 
between banks, may be assigned values that the Group calculates using mathematical models and the 
deterioration of assets like these could lead to losses that the Group has not anticipated.  If the Group’s 
measures to assess and mitigate risk prove insufficient, then the Group may experience material 
unexpected losses that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations.
Further depreciations of the Turkish Lira may adversely impact the Bank’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, 
particularly U.S. dollars and euros.  The Bank translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest 
earned or paid on such assets and liabilities, and gains/(losses) realised upon the sale of such assets to 
Turkish Lira when preparing its financial statements.  As a result, the Group’s reported income is 
affected by changes in the value of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies (primarily the U.S. dollar 
and euro).  The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s results of operations depends 
on the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing 
currencies.  On average, management currently estimates that a 10% depreciation of the Turkish Lira 
would result in an average of 56 bps CET1 and 47 bps capital adequacy ratio erosion for the Bank, 
excluding any of the Temporary Forbearances.  In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative 
securities which expose it to fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies.  
For a description of the Group’s risk management strategies, see “Risk Management”. 
Until February 2001, it was the stated policy of the Central Bank to devalue the Turkish Lira 
against the U.S. dollar in line with inflation.  However, in recent years the depreciation of the Turkish 
Lira has not been consistent with inflation rates as a result of a variety of factors, including both 
domestic and international factors.  The value of the Turkish currency against the U.S. dollar has been 
volatile over the last years, primarily as a result of uncertainties surrounding the political and economic 
landscape.  The Turkish Lira depreciated by 23.6%, 12.5% and 39.5% and against the U.S. dollar, in

--- Page 21 ---
7
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  The exchange rate was TL 5.26 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 
2018, TL 5.94 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2019 and TL 7.34 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 
2020.
The Group is exposed to volatility in the securities markets
The Group has historically generated a significant portion of interest income from its securities 
portfolio, with interest and similar income derived from the Group’s securities portfolio in 2018, 2019 
and 2020, accounting for 20.2%, 14.4% and 20.4%, respectively, of its total interest income.
The Bank’s position in certain Government securities, in particular, involves a risk that 
downward movements in the price of these securities could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  The Group has a substantial portfolio 
of Government debt securities, which amounted to 16% of the Bank’s total interest earning assets as of 
31 December 2020.  Any default by the Government in the payment of its securities held by the Bank 
would result in direct loss to the Bank.  In addition, a default by the Government in making payments 
on its treasury bills would have a significant negative impact on the Turkish economy and the Turkish 
banking system generally.  
In addition, interest income from Turkish government-issued CPI-linked securities (“CPI-
linkers”) contributes to the total interest income of the Group and can be material and volatile given 
significant changes in Turkish inflationary conditions over the past several years. During periods of 
high inflation, the relative contribution of CPI-linkers tends to increase. While the contribution of 
income from the Group’s securities portfolio has been relatively significant over recent years, 
normalisation of CPI inflation may reduce the contribution to the Group’s interest income from CPI-
linkers. A material decline in the returns from the Bank’s trading and investment securities and/or a 
decline in the market value of Government securities could lead to a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Group’s capital adequacy ratio and its ability to obtain funding may be affected by changes to 
its credit ratings and the credit ratings of Turkey.
If the Rating Agencies negatively revise current ratings or outlooks for Turkey, the Bank or the 
Covered Bonds, such change could materially adversely affect the trading value of the Covered Bonds, 
the Group’s ability to finance its operations or the expected expansion of its business going forward.  A 
change in credit rating could adversely affect the Bank’s calculation of its capital adequacy ratio.  The 
Bank calculates its capital adequacy ratio according to the 2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation published 
by the BRSA, which allows the Bank to use only Fitch ratings to calculate the risk-weighted assets for 
capital adequacy purposes. 
Credit ratings also affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain 
funding.  Rating Agencies regularly evaluate the Bank and their ratings of the Bank’s long-term debt 
are based on a number of factors, including its financial strength as well as conditions affecting the 
financial services industry generally.  For more on the risks associated with the credit rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds see “—Market Risks associated with Investments in the Covered Bonds—Credit 
ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks associated 
with an investment in those Covered Bonds”.
In addition, any downgrade in Turkey’s credit rating would likely have a significant negative 
impact on the Turkish banking sector generally and might have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s 
own rating and its business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  For example, in both 2018 
and 2019, each of Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited (“S&P”) and 
Fitch downgraded the Bank’s rating or those of its financial products following the downgrade or 
negative review of the Turkish government’s sovereign rating, debt rating or its foreign currency deposit 
ceiling.

--- Page 22 ---
8
Overall, management expects that Turkey’s downgrade to below investment grade bond status 
may have medium-term negative implications on key macroeconomic balances.  Any future or potential 
further downgrades of the Turkish sovereign rating could negatively affect the Rating Agencies’ 
perception of the Bank’s rating.  See “—Risks Related to Turkey—Political developments in Turkey may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects” and “—Increased political risks following the coup attempt of July 2016”, for further 
discussion of the reasons behind Turkey’s sovereign debt rating downgrades and associated effects on 
the Bank.  
The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related parties
The Bank is primarily controlled by Koç Holding A.Ş. and its affiliates (the “Koç Group”), 
one of the largest conglomerate groups in Turkey. The Koç Group owns 49.97% of the Bank’s 
outstanding shares and UniCredit S.p.A., an international financial services group engaged in a wide 
range of banking, financial and related activities in Europe owns 20.22% of the Bank’s outstanding 
shares while the balance is held by minority shareholders.  
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş. (“KFS”), 
which was jointly owned by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.. In November 2019, the Koç Group 
and UniCredit S.p.A. reached an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure. On 5 February 
2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the contemplated share transfers, whereby 
UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital and the Koç 
Group increased its ownership to 49.97%. Immediately after the completion of the share transfers 
between the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through 
accelerated book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors. The 
sale took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00%.  
The reduction in UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake and change in the Bank’s ownership structure may 
involve further changes to the relationship between the Bank and UniCredit S.p.A..  UniCredit S.p.A. 
may decide to discontinue its business with the bank or financial or other support for the Bank.
Following the successful completion of the transaction, the Koç Group controls the Group as 
the controlling shareholder and has the power to appoint board members and senior executives of the 
Bank and determine the outcome of most matters to be decided by shareholders’ resolutions.  The 
interests of the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may differ from those of the Bank and its 
creditors.  As a result, the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may prevent the Bank from making 
certain decisions, may take certain actions that would benefit them or may take certain actions that fail 
to protect the interests of the Bank’s other constituencies, including investors in the Covered Bonds.  
The Bank’s decisions and actions may prioritise the long-term interests of the Group, rather than the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders.  The Bank’s decisions in such cases may negatively affect the 
Covered Bondholders.
The Bank believes that the continued involvement of the Koç Group is important in the pursuit 
and implementation of the Bank’s strategy, including providing an important source of business for the 
Group.  In the future the Koç Group may decide not to remain a shareholder or may discontinue its 
business with the Bank or financial or other support for the Bank.  The Bank’s credit rating, business 
and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if the major shareholder ceases to control 
the Bank.
The Group may suffer a failure or interruption in or breach of its information systems
The Group’s information systems are critical in the normal operation of its business.  Any 
failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in its 
risk management, general ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important systems.  
If the Group’s information systems failed, even for a short period of time, then it could be unable to 
serve some or all of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and could thereby lose business.  Likewise,

--- Page 23 ---
9
a temporary shutdown of the Bank’s information systems could result in costs that are required for 
information retrieval and verification.  In addition, despite its investments in IT infrastructure, failure 
to update and develop the Group’s existing information systems as effectively as its competitors may 
result in a loss of the competitive advantages that it believes its information systems provide.  Although 
the Group has developed business continuity plans, back-up systems and a disaster recovery centre, and 
expects to be able to continue its critical operations through branches and digital channels in case of 
emergency, no assurance can be given that failures will not occur.  As part of its two year investment 
strategy, significant investment has been made for disaster recovery and cyber security infrastructure, 
but such effort may be insufficient.
The Group’s business may be subject to labour disputes
The Group is exposed to the risk of labour disputes and other industrial actions.  In total, as of 
31 December 2020, 8.893 of the Bank’s employees were members of the Union of Employees working 
at Banks and Insurance Companies (Banka ve Sigorta İşçileri Sendikasi) (the “Union”), amounting to 
approximately 55% of the Bank’s employees.  The Bank may experience strikes, work stoppages or 
other industrial actions in the future.  Any such action could disrupt operations, possibly for a significant 
period of time, result in increased wages and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  See “Business of the Bank—
Employees”.
The Group is subject to operational risk
Similar to other financial institutions, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by 
employees or outsiders, unauthorised transactions by employees and other operational errors (including 
clerical or record keeping errors and errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications 
systems).  The Group is also subject, from time to time, to service interruptions to third party services 
such as telecommunications, which are beyond the Group’s control.  Such interruptions may result in 
interruption to services to the Group’s branches and/or impact customer service.  Given the Group’s 
high volume of transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and 
rectified.  In addition, a number of banking transactions are not fully automated, which may further 
increase the risk that human error or employee tampering will result in losses that may be difficult for 
any bank to detect quickly or at all.  While the Group maintains a system of controls designed to monitor 
and control operational risk, there can be no assurance that the Group will not suffer losses from such 
risks.  Losses from the failure of the Group’s system of internal controls to discover and rectify such 
matters could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations.  
The Group is dependent on its senior management and other personnel
The Bank is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and the operation 
of its day-to-day business.  In addition, retail, corporate and other business relationships of members of 
senior management are important to the conduct of the Bank’s business.  If members of the Group’s 
senior management were to leave, then the relationships that those employees have and which have 
benefited the Group may end.
In addition, the Bank’s continuing success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and 
motivate qualified and experienced banking and management personnel.  Any failure to recruit and 
retain necessary personnel or manage its personnel successfully could have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
The Group’s consolidated financial statements under BRSA may not provide investors with the same 
information as financial statements prepared under IFRS
The Group has prepared its financial statements in Turkish Lira and in accordance with BRSA 
Principles (as defined in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Presentation of Financial 
Information”).  The Group’s BRSA financial statements may not provide investors with the information

--- Page 24 ---
10
they would have received if the financial statements were prepared under IFRS.  BRSA Principles differ 
in certain significant respects from IFRS.  Potential investors should consult their own professional 
advisers for an understanding of the differences between IFRS and BRSA Principles and how these 
differences might affect the financial information in and incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  For more information, see “Appendix A—Overview of Significant Differences between 
IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles”.
The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 
pandemic that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition
The outbreak of the COVID-19 global pandemic has impacted the Group’s business and the 
businesses of its customers. The ultimate impact on its business and financial results will depend on 
future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and 
duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities in response to the pandemic. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, 
lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and 
increased unemployment levels. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is likely to continue to have, 
an adverse impact on economic conditions in Turkey, including economic growth, and the end date of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and any related adverse impacts are uncertain. In addition, the pandemic has 
resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering 
in place requirements in many states and communities. As a result, the demand for the Group's products 
and services may be impacted. Furthermore, the pandemic could influence the recognition of credit 
losses in the Group's loan portfolios and increase its allowance for credit losses, particularly as certain 
businesses remain closed and as more customers are expected to draw on their lines of credit or seek 
additional loans to help finance their businesses. Similarly, because of changing economic and market 
conditions affecting issuers, the Group may be required to recognise other-than-temporary impairments 
in future periods on the securities it holds as well as reductions in other comprehensive income. The 
Group's business operations may also be disrupted if significant portions of its workforce are unable to 
work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government actions, or other restrictions in 
connection with the pandemic.
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Group's business, results of 
operations, and financial condition, as well as its regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on 
future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and 
duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in 
response to the pandemic. As one of the largest lenders in Turkey, increased credit risk, including as a 
result of a deterioration in economic conditions, changes in market conditions, the regulatory 
environment, or other external factors, such as natural disasters, disease pandemics (such as the COVID-
19 pandemic), or political or social matters, could require the Group to increase its provision for credit 
losses and allowance for credit losses and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of 
operations and financial condition. The Group may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the 
extent its loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or location of the 
borrower or collateral.
Measures by the Turkish government and by the Group in order to minimize the negative 
impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy could also impact the Bank’s financial results. 
The Group puts utmost effort for the health and safety of the employees while preserving uninterrupted 
level of service for its customers. Since the day of first confirmed case in Turkey, the majority of 
employees in the headquarters of the Bank rotationally works from home. The Group demonstrates 
meticulous care for social distancing rules and protective hygiene measures within all parts of the 
organization. In line with the new and protected normal in Turkey, the Group carefully continues to 
provide full service through the branches while putting extensive effort on digitalization.
For example, the Bank has postponed the repayments of more than 450 thousand customers and 
continued to take a leading position in the Credit Guarantee Funding Scheme to support its customers.

--- Page 25 ---
11
For more information with regards to the recent impact of COVID-19 on the the business of the Group, 
please see “— Risks Related to Turkey— Turkey’s economy may be impacted by disruptions resulting 
from the COVID-19 pandemic”, “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Additional COVID-19-Related 
Temporary Measures” and “Recent Developments—COVID-19 Update”.
Risks Related to Turkey
As of 31 December 2020, 96.40% of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s 
operations were in Turkey.  Therefore, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily 
affected by economic conditions in Turkey.
Political developments in Turkey may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects
Turkey has from time to time experienced volatile political social conditions, including a failed 
coup d’état attempt in July 2016.  The Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkinma Partisi) (the 
“AKP”) has been in power since 2002 and has been able to govern without reliance upon a coalition 
partner.  As a result of the elections held on 7 June 2015, the AKP’s position declined, receiving 
approximately 41% of the votes.  With these elections, the People’s Democratic Party (Halkların 
Demokratik Partisi) (the “HDP”) entered Parliament for the first time.  A new election was held on 2 
November 2015.  With this election, the AKP’s position was strengthened with approximately 49.9% 
of the votes, which was once again sufficient to establish a council of ministers without a coalition. 
Following the November 2015 elections, the AKP announced its intention to replace the 
existing constitution with a new constitution and to create an executive presidency and Mr. Recep 
Tayyip Erdoğan was elected President.  Following the constitutional amendments enacted with the 
referendum held on 16 April 2017, the president became entitled to be the head of a political party, and 
on 21 May 2017, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was re-elected as the chairman of the AKP.  Mr. Recep 
Tayyip Erdoğan was re-elected in snap elections held on 24 June 2018.  On 9 July 2018, Mr. Recep 
Tayyip Erdoğan announced the new cabinet, including non-AKP members and Mr. Berat Albayrak, his 
son-in-law, as the new treasury and finance minister.  Significant uncertainty remains regarding the 
economic agenda of the new government, the independence of the Central Bank, and whether orthodox 
reform plans will be accomplished.  Such uncertainty was aggravated by the dismissal of the Central 
Bank governor on 7 November 2020 by the President, followed by the resignation of Mr. Berat 
Albayrak from his duty as the treasury and finance minister which was accepted by the President on 9 
November 2020 and Mr. Lütfi Elvan was appointed as the new treasury and finance minister.  On 6 
July 2019, Murat Çetinkaya, the governor of the Central Bank, was removed a year before his four-year 
term was scheduled to end. He was replaced by his former deputy, Murat Uysal, who was then replaced 
by Naci Ağbal on 7 November 2020. On 20 March 2021, Naci Ağbal was replaced by Sahap Kavcioglu. 
After Berat Albayrak resigned from his position as Treasury and Finance Minister, Lütfi Elvan was 
appointed by a presidential decision on 10 November 2020. As illustrated by these events, significant 
uncertainty remains regarding the economic agenda of the government, the independence of the Central 
Bank, and whether reform plans will be accomplished, all of which could significantly impact investors’ 
perceptions of Turkey and its future growth. 
Local elections took place on 31 March 2019.  However, the Supreme Election Board of Turkey 
(T.C. Yüksek Seçim Kurulu) has cancelled the results of the elections in İstanbul (which showed a 
narrow lead for the opposition party).  The repeat local elections were held on 23 June 2019 and resulted 
in the transition of the control of the İstanbul municipality from AKP to the main opposition party the 
Republican People’s Party (Cumhuriyet Halk Partisi).  All these factors could significantly impact 
investors’ perceptions of Turkey and its future growth.
Changes in the governance and operation of Turkey’s institutions, could contribute to the 
volatility of Turkish financial markets and/or have an adverse effect on investors’ perception of Turkey, 
including with respect to the actual or perceived independence of such institutions.

--- Page 26 ---
12
The uncertainty after the election on 7 June 2015 pertaining to government prospects also led 
to a pick-up in Kurdish insurgence as of mid-July, despite the historical election success of the 
predominantly Kurdish Party HDP.  On 4 November 2016, two joint leaders of the HDP along with 
some prominent MPs from the HDP were detained (and later convicted), which was followed by 
widespread difficulty in reaching social media websites.  Political analysts point out that detention or 
conviction of high-profile members of the HDP may lead to a higher risk of instability arising from 
insurgent activities.
In the referendum held on 16 April 2017, the majority of the votes cast approved proposed 
amendments to certain articles of the Turkish constitution.  Such amendments include articles to extend 
the powers of the president.  As a result (inter alia) (a) the then-current parliamentary system has been 
transformed into a presidential one, (b) the president has been entitled to be the head of a political party 
and to appoint the cabinet, (c) the office of the prime minister has been abolished, (d) the parliament’s 
right to interpellate (i.e., the right to submit questions requesting explanation regarding an act or a 
policy) the cabinet members has been annulled and (e) the president has increased powers over the 
selection of members of the Board of Judges and Prosecutors (currently the Supreme Board of Judges 
and Prosecutors (Hakimler ve Savcılar Yüksek Kurulu)).  Most of the amendments brought by the 
referendum entered into force through the early elections that were held on 24 June 2018.  It remains 
unclear, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, what impact such structure might have in the future on 
Turkish government institutions.  As such, political uncertainty is likely to continue.
The political instability in Turkey may continue and the political situation in Turkey may 
further deteriorate.  Actual or perceived political instability in Turkey or any negative changes in the 
political environment, including further conflicts between senior politicians in Turkey or the failure of 
the Government to devise or implement appropriate economic programmes, may individually or in the 
aggregate adversely affect the Turkish economy and, in turn, the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects and the value of the Covered Bondholders.  In particular, any 
perception that the constitutional changes that have been made to impelement the new executive 
presidency system may restrict parliamentary and judicial supervision of executive decisions may also 
increase political instability or otherwise negatively impact investors’ perceptions of the Turkish 
political climate, which could result in a number of negative impacts, including deteriorating asset 
prices and weaker economic activity.
Increased political risks following the coup attempt of July 2016
Turkey has also experienced controversies between the Government and the military.  On 
15 July 2016, the Turkish government was subject to an attempted coup by a group within the Turkish 
army.  The Turkish government and the Turkish security forces (including the Turkish army) took 
control of the situation in a short period of time and the ruling government remained in control.  On 
20 July 2016, after the failed coup attempt, the Turkish president announced, pursuant to Article 120 of 
the Turkish constitution, a nationwide state of emergency, which was extended ultimately until July 
2018, entitling the government to exercise additional powers.  Under Article 120 of the Turkish 
constitution, in the event of serious indications of widespread acts of violence aimed at the destruction 
of the free democratic order, a state of emergency may be declared in one or more regions of, or 
throughout, the country for a period not exceeding six months.  The state of emergency, however, ended 
in July 2018.
The government has arrested, discharged or otherwise limited thousands of members of the 
military, the judiciary and the civil service, restricted media outlets and otherwise taken actions in 
response to the coup attempt, including to the business community.  There may be disruptions in the 
operations of public institutions (such as the BRSA and the CMB) as teams are reorganised, which may 
impact operations in the Bank that are dependent on such public institutions.  As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and to the best of the Bank’s knowledge, investigations and trials with respect to the 
attempted coup are ongoing.  There might be further arrests and actions taken by the government in 
relation to these investigations, including changes in policies and laws.  Any future investigations may 
include customers of the Bank, which could impact such customers’ ability to meet their obligations

--- Page 27 ---
13
and may in turn result in an adverse impact on the Bank’s loan portfolio.  The ongoing investigations 
following the failed coup attempt have contributed to uncertainty surrounding the Turkish political 
environment.  Despite signs of political unity in the immediate aftermath of the coup attempt, tensions 
between political parties have increased, especially during the parliamentary approval process for 
constitutional changes, in the aftermath of the referendum and prior to the snap general and presidential 
elections.  Any further consolidation of political power due to the executive presidency and the 
restructuring of government institutions may have a detrimental effect on political checks and balances.
During July 2016, Moody’s placed Turkey’s sovereign credit rating and the ratings of 17 
Turkish banks on review for potential downgrade; S&P downgraded Turkey’s sovereign rating and 
those of five Turkish banks; and Fitch changed Turkey’s sovereign rating outlook from “stable” to 
“negative.” Moody’s then downgraded Turkey’s sovereign rating in September 2016.  On 4 November 
2016, although S&P affirmed the country’s long-term foreign credit rating at BB, it upgraded its outlook 
for Turkey’s sovereign credit rating to “stable” from “negative” on 4 November 2016.  On 27 January 
2017 it downgraded its outlook for Turkey to “negative” from “stable”, citing mainly the sharp 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and insufficient monetary policy response, which 
together pose a serious inflationary risk.  In addition, on the same day, Fitch downgraded Turkey’s 
sovereign credit rating to “BB+” from “BBB-”, based on the potential adverse effects of the 
constitutional referendum on checks and balances, the renewal of the state of emergency related to the 
coup attempt and damaged consumer confidence and tourism sector due to recent terrorist attacks.  On 
17 March 2017, Moody’s changed Turkey’s rating outlook to “negative” from “stable”, citing as the 
driver the increased risk of a credit shock due to (i) the continuing erosion of Turkey’s institutional 
strength, (ii) its weaker growth outlook and (iii) heightened pressures on Turkey’s public and external 
accounts.  However, on the same day, Moody’s affirmed Turkey’s government debt and issuer ratings 
at “Ba1”. On 11 September 2020, Moody’s further reduced Turkey’s foreign currency long-term credit 
rating to “B2” (negative outlook). On 5 May 2017, S&P affirmed Turkey’s rating and outlook as BB 
and negative.  On 14 June 2019, Moody’s downgraded the Turkey’s long-term issuer and senior 
unsecured bond ratings to “B1” from “Ba3” and maintained the negative outlook, on the back of its 
view that the risk of a balance of payments crisis continues to rise, and with it the risk of a government 
default, which Moody’s mainly attributes to the Turkey’s high reliance on external capital across all 
sectors of the economy.  On 12 July 2019, Fitch downgraded Turkey’s sovereign rating to “BB-” from 
“BB”, mainly based on (i) the dismissal of the central bank governor on 6 July 2019, which heightened 
doubts over the Turkish authorities’ tolerance for a period of sustained below-trend growth and 
disinflation according to Fitch, and (ii) the risk of U.S. sanctions triggered by delivery of S-400 missile 
components from Russia, which Fitch expects to be of a “relatively mild form with minimal direct 
economic effect” but which might have a significant impact on the sentiment according to Fitch.  On 
17 August 2018, S&P downgraded Turkey’s rating to “B+” from “BB-” and maintained the stable 
outlook.  On 1 November 2019, Fitch revised the outlook on Turkey’s sovereign rating to stable from 
negative, and affirmed at “BB-”, citing continued progress in rebalancing and stabilisation of the 
Turkish economy with an improved current account balance, however noting Turkey’s gross external 
financing requirement as a source of vulnerability.  On 12 November 2019, following its revision of 
Turkey’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating, Fitch revised the rating outlooks for 20 
Turkish banks to “stable”, including that of the Bank. On 13 December 2019, following the 
announcement of an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure, Fitch revised the Group’s 
outlook from “stable” to “negative”.  On 19 May 2020, International Rating Agency Fitch Ratings has 
affirmed Yapı ve Kredi Bankası’s Long Term FC rating at B+ and the Negative Outlook. The Rating 
Agency, on the other hand, revised down the Support Rating from 4 to 5 and according to the new 
criteria Subordinated Debt Rating from B to B-. All other ratings and outlook have been affirmed. On 
21 August 2020, Fitch Ratings revised Turkey's Long-Term IDR outlook to "Negative" from "Stable". 
Following the change, on 1 September 2020, while maintaining all ratings unchanged, the rating agency 
revised Yapı ve Kredi Bankası's Long-Term Local Currency Issuer Default Rating outlook to 
"Negative" from "Stable". On 15 September 2020 Moody’s downgraded ratings of 13 Turkish banks 
including Yapı ve Kredi Bankası, while maintaining the negative outlook. Accordingly, Moody’s 
downgraded Long Term Foreign Currency Bank Deposits rating of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası from B3 to 
Caa1. Additionally, Moody’s revised the Bank’s Long Term Counterparty Foreign Risk Rating from

--- Page 28 ---
14
B1 to B2, Long Term Counterparty Domestic Risk Rating from B1 to B2 and Counterparty Risk 
Assessment rating from B1(cr) to B2(cr). On 10 December 2020 Moody’s upgraded Yapı ve Kredi 
Bankası’s Long Term Foreign Currency Bank Deposit Rating to “B2” from “Caa1” maintaining the 
“Negative” Outlook. The rating action was driven by changes in the local currency (LC) and foreign 
currency (FC) country ceilings applied to the jurisdictions of the banks following the publication of 
Moody's updated Country Ceilings Methodology on 7 December 2020. On 19 February 2021, Fitch 
Ratings has revised the Outlook on Turkey's Long-Term Foreign-Currency Issuer Default Rating (IDR) 
to Stable from Negative and affirmed the IDR at 'BB-', on the back of Turkey's return to a more 
consistent and orthodox policy mix helping ease near-term external financing risks. Following this 
change, on 26 February 2021, the rating agency revised Long-Term Local Currency Issuer Default 
Rating outlook of Yapı Kredi to "Stable" from "Negative", maintaining the B+ rating. For further 
discussion of the risks associated with the credit ratings of Turkey and the Bank see “—Risks Related 
to the Group’s Business—The Group’s capital adequacy ratio and its ability to obtain funding may be 
affected by changes to its credit ratings and the credit ratings of Turkey”.
The political and social circumstances surrounding the attempted coup and its aftermath 
(including rating downgrades of Turkey and the Bank) or other political developments could have a 
negative impact on the Turkish economy and institutions (including the value of the Turkish Lira, 
international investors’ willingness to invest in Turkey and domestic demand), the institutional and 
regulatory framework, the Bank’s liquidity and/or conditions (financial or otherwise) and/or the value 
and/or market price of an investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.
Conflict and uncertainty within Turkey or in neighbouring and nearby countries may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects
Turkey is located in a region that has been subject to on-going political and security concerns, 
especially in recent years.  Political uncertainty within Turkey and in certain neighbouring and nearby 
countries, such as Iraq, Syria, Iran, Georgia, Cyprus, Egypt, Ukraine and Armenia has historically been 
one of the potential risks associated with an investment in Turkish securities.
Since December 2010, political instability has increased markedly in a number of countries in 
the Middle East and North Africa, such as Syria, Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, Jordan, Bahrain and 
Yemen.  Tensions have also increased between a number of Middle Eastern states, notably Iran and 
Saudi Arabia. Lately, the seismic searches conducted by Turkey in the Aegean and Mediterranean seas 
based on its continental shelf arguments has heightened the tension between Turkey and Greece. Unrest 
in these countries (as well as global tensions with Iran, between Russia and Ukraine or between 
Azerbaijan and Armenia) may have political implications in Turkey or otherwise have a negative impact 
on the Turkish economy, including through both financial markets and the real economy.
Risks associated with the conflicts in Syria and Iraq
Political instability in the Middle East was recently exemplified by the internal conflict in Syria 
and Iraq and tension between Iran and Israel.  Recent developments in Iraq raise concerns as Iraq is one 
of Turkey’s largest export markets, ranking fourth in 2018 according to TurkStat and the Energy Market 
Regulatory Board (Enerji Piyasası Düzenleme Kurumu). 
On 25 September 2017, the Kurdish Regional Government in Northern Iraq held a referendum 
for the independence of the region administered by the Kurdish Regional Government in Northern Iraq.  
Turkish government officials announced that Turkey will not recognise the outcome of the referendum 
and might take punitive measures, including economic sanctions (e.g. cutting off the pipeline that allows 
the transport of oil from Northern Iraq to third countries) and closing its airspace and border crossing 
to Northern Iraq.  On 16 October 2017, Turkey closed its airspace to the Northern Iraqi Kurdish region 
and, in 2018, the Turkish military began a cross-border operation in Northern Iraq to prevent terrorist 
activities against Turkey.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the possible political and economic 
impact of such referendum remains unknown.

--- Page 29 ---
15
On 20 January 2018, Turkish officials announced that the Turkish military had started an 
operation in the Afrin area of Syria targeting organisations that Turkey deems to be terrorist 
organisations.  On 13 April 2018, the United States, the United Kingdom and France launched airstrikes 
against targets in Syria following a suspected chemical attack on civilians by the Syrian forces in 
Damascus, Syria, escalating tensions between Russia and the United States.  Turkish government 
officials announced that they consider the United States-led operation to be an appropriate response to 
the suspected chemical attack.  Any impact of such operations, including on Turkey’s relationship with 
the United States and Russia, is unknown.  In the meantime, the Turkish military’s operations against 
organisations that Turkey deems to be terrorist organisations continue in Syria.  Given the continuing 
hostilities in Syria and the number of parties involved, it is very difficult to predict the impact of the 
continuing tensions on the geopolitical stability in the broader region, including Turkey, and any 
potential resulting adverse effect on the Turkish economy, as well as on the Bank’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
Elevated levels of conflict in Iraq and Syria have also caused a significant displacement of 
people.  The high number of refugees within Turkey’s borders and foreign intelligence agents 
infiltrating both refugee camps and local communities remain current threats.  Turkey is among the 
countries that have taken a significant number of Syrian refugees with a negative economic, political 
and social impact on Turkey. 
The ongoing conflict in Syria has been the subject of significant international attention and its 
impact and resolution is difficult to predict.  Given Turkey’s proximity to the conflict zone, Turkey has 
deployed additional troops near the Syrian border since the beginning of the conflict to strengthen its 
military position.  In August 2016, Turkey’s military began direct operations in Syria to combat ISIL 
and the People’s Protection Units, a Kurdish separatist group in northern Syria.  The Presidency made 
a statement after the Turkish Security Council meeting of 30 July 2019 chaired by the President Recep 
Tayyip Erdoğan, that Turkey will continue its operations against the PKK in northern Iraq and is 
determined to make efforts to create a “peace corridor” along the Turkish border with Syria.  On 9 
October 2019, the Turkish Air Force launched “Operation Peace Spring” with airstrikes in northern 
Syria intended to expel armed groups which the Turkish Government views as terrorist organisations, 
including the Syrian Democratic Forces (“SDF”) which Turkey views as linked to the PKK, from the 
border area and create a “peace corridor”.  On 14 October 2019, the President of the United States issued 
an executive order and the OFAC added the Turkish Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources and the 
Turkish Ministry of National Defence, as well as the relevant ministers, to its list of specially designated 
nationals and blocked persons.  Several European countries imposed an arms embargo on Turkey.  On 
17 October 2019, the U.S. and Turkey agreed on a deal in which Turkey agreed to suspend its operations 
in Syria for five days in return for a complete withdrawal by the SDF from a safe zone south of the 
Syria-Turkey border.  On 22 October 2019, the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and the 
President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin agreed to maintain the status quo in northern Syria 
reached as a result of “Operation Peace Spring”.  On 23 October 2019, the President of the United States 
announced that there was a “permanent” ceasefire in the region and sanctions on Turkey would therefore 
be lifted.  On 29 October 2019, in response to the recent operations in northern Syria, the U.S. House 
of Representatives passed a bill with a majority of 403 votes to 16, envisaging potential sanctions on 
Turkey, Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. and on any foreign financial institution that the U.S. State 
Department determines to have knowingly facilitated significant transactions for the Turkish Armed 
Forces or Turkey’s defence industry related to “Operation Peace Spring”; however, such bill has not 
been introduced to the Senate yet and does not have legal power as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
As a result of any further events in northern Syria (including continued operations of Turkey), tensions 
with international stakeholders could further increase, and Turkey may face increased economic and/or 
security risks, if terrorists seek to retaliate for increased military actions, or if the U.S. or European 
countries take restrictive or punitive actions against Turkey, Turkish economy or Turkish institutions.  
Such restrictive or punitive actions, escalating diplomatic and political tensions with the U.S. or other 
countries, and/or other political circumstances (and related actions, rumours and/or uncertainties) might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
and/or on the market price of the Covered Bonds.  In addition, any escalation of political instability or

--- Page 30 ---
16
international military intervention in Syria and/or a more aggressive stance by Assad’s allies, Russia, 
Iran, and China against Turkey and opposition supporters may act as a destabilising factor for Turkey.
Risks from events affecting Turkey’s relationship with Russia
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Libya was a center of political turmoil and foreign 
countries had divided political approach in Libya. Some countries, including Turkey have been 
supporting the United Nations-recognized Government of National Accord (“GNA”) based in Tripoli, 
whereas others have been supporting Haftar’s Libyan National Army, which controls the east. Turkey 
and Russia support opposing sides. Turkey has intervened in this conflict in January 2020, by sending 
troops and drones to support the GNA. Turkey continues to send troops via land and air in order to back 
the UN-recognized government. The balance of power has shifted in the region in favour of GNA which 
Turkey supported and the GNA continues its progress toward the country's east.
Heightened tensions between Turkey and Russia over Syria or events in Ukraine could 
materially negatively affect the Turkish economy, including through any negative impact on Turkey’s 
tourism revenues or its access to Russian energy supplies.  Russia has become Turkey’s second largest 
trading partner and the largest supplier of natural gas to Turkey.  In October 2020, the conflict between 
Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabakh has been aggravated. Turkey 
has supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which may again put it in conflict with Russian interests. Any 
disruption to the relationship with Russia might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations and on the market price of the Covered Bonds.
Risks from events affecting Turkey’s relationship with the United States
On 8 October 2017, the United States suspended all non-immigrant visa services for Turkish 
citizens in Turkey following the arrest of an employee of the United States consulate in İstanbul.  On 
the same date, Turkey retaliated by issuing a statement that restricts the visa application process for 
United States citizens.  While visa services have since returned to normal, relations between the two 
countries remained strained on various topics, including the conviction of an executive of a 
state-controlled bank, Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (who was released in July 2019 after serving his 
sentence), for bank fraud and conspiracy to violate U.S. sanctions laws in assisting Iran to evade U.S. 
sanctions and the related judicial process against Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş.  Furthermore, in August 
2018 the United States had imposed sanctions on two Turkish ministers and increased import taxes on 
Turkish steel and aluminium.  Nonetheless, on 12 October 2018, a Turkish court released a detained 
American pastor who had been arrested in October 2016, and the United States removed the sanctions 
imposed on Turkish ministers.  In addition, on the week of 2 November 2018, certain U.S. sanctions on 
Iranian financial and energy sectors and on certain other imports from Iran, were re-imposed.  
Nevertheless, the United States granted Turkey a partial exemption allowing it to import limited 
amounts of oil from Iran for six months.  However, such exemption was not renewed at the end of the 
six-month period and it remains uncertain whether Turkey will, or will be able to, comply with such 
U.S. sanctions against Iran.  Any similar events in the future, including any operations of the Turkish 
armed forces in Syria targeting organisations that Turkey deems to be terrorist organisations related to 
People’s Congress of Kurdistan (formerly known as the PKK), in connection with the potential U.S. 
withdrawal from Syria, including any restrictive or punitive actions adopted by the U.S. and/or EU 
institutions in connection with operations and/or actions of Turkey in the northern Syria and/or Turkey’s 
compliance with any further prospective U.S. sanctions against Iran might result in (or contribute to) a 
deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and the EU and/or the United States and might have a 
negative impact on the Turkish economy.  
The relationship with the United States was also impacted by Turkey’s agreement to acquire a 
U.S.$2.5 billion S-400 air and missile defence system from Russia in December 2017.  In response, the 
United States announced that Turkey will be removed from the F-35 programme under which Turkey 
acquires fighter jets from the United States and the United States has threatened further sanctions.  As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus a bill to impose new sanctions as result of Turkey’s acquisition of

--- Page 31 ---
17
the S-400 defence system and for Turkey’s military involvement in Syria is under consideration in the 
U.S. Senate.  As such, political uncertainty might continue.  
In October 2020, a U.S. federal judge ruled in a case that the Turkish participation bank, Kuveyt 
Türk Katılım Bankası A.Ş., can be sued in a United States court under the Justice for United States 
Victims of State Sponsored Terrorism Act on the basis of the allegations that it helped aid Hamas, an 
organisation which is declared as a terrorist group by the United States. However, there are no other 
public updates as regards a potential lawsuit or investigation as of the date of this Base Prospectus.
Furthermore, certain regulatory actions, investigations, allegations of past or current 
wrongdoing and similar actions (including the judicial process against Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş.) 
might lead to related actions, rumours and/or uncertainties surrounding breaches by Turkish banks of 
international sanctions laws or other financial markets misconduct.  As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the final outcome in relation to the judicial process, including any appeal and whether any 
sanction, fine or penalty will be imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) or any 
other U.S. regulatory body on Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. or any other Turkish bank or person in 
connection with those matters, as well as the possible reaction of the financial markets to any such 
events or speculation regarding such events, is unknown.  
Following the U.S. election held on 3 November 2020, a new administration took office on 20 
January 2021. It is uncertain whether the positions that the new administration might take with respect 
to Turkey, including relating to any of the aforementioned topics, might materially alter the relationship 
between Turkey and the U.S.
Actual or perceived political instability in Turkey, escalating diplomatic and political tensions 
with the United States or other countries, and/or other political circumstances (and related actions, 
rumours and/or uncertainties) might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations and/or on the market price of the Covered Bonds.
Risks from events affecting Turkey’s relationship with the EU
In March 2016, Turkey signed an agreement with the EU in an effort to control the irregular 
flow from Turkey to the EU of refugees, mainly displaced due to the conflict in Syria.  However, such 
agreement has not been fully implemented in accordance with its terms as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, and Turkish officials stated in 2019 that the EU has not yet fulfilled its undertakings made 
under such agreement.
On 25 April 2017, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted to restart 
monitoring Turkey in connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy.  
Diplomatic or political tensions between Turkey and member states of the EU or other countries might 
impact trade or demand for imports and exports. 
In the recent years, several important natural gas reserves have been discovered in the eastern 
Mediterranean, in the territorial waters and exclusive economic zone of the island of Cyprus.  Both the 
Republic of Southern Cyprus, an EU member but not legally recognised by Turkey, supported by 
Greece, and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, not legally recognised by the EU and supported 
by Turkey, lay claim to gas in these waters and launched drilling activities.  In its conclusions of 15 
July 2019, the Council of the EU recalled its previous conclusions, and stated that (i) such drilling 
activities of Turkey, which the Council deems illegal, have a serious immediate negative impact across 
the range of EU-Turkey relations, (ii) it has decided not to hold further meetings of the EU-Turkey 
high-level dialogues for the time being, (iii) it endorses the European Commission’s proposal to reduce 
the pre-accession assistance to Turkey for 2020, and (iv) it invites the European Investment Bank to 
review its lending activities in Turkey, notably with regard to sovereign-backed lending.  On 11 
November 2019, the EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities 
responsible for, or involved in, these drilling activities.

--- Page 32 ---
18
More recently, tensions have increased between Turkey and France, including due to differing 
interests in the conflict in Libya and terrorist attacks in France, which have led to the Turkish President 
calling for a boycott of French goods and France to withdraw its ambassador from Turkey. In October 
2020, both France and Greece asked the EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement 
with Turkey. Any decision by the EU to abolish the customs union with Turkey, end Turkey’s EU 
accession bid or impose additional sanctions on Turkey might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration 
of the relationship between Turkey and the EU and have material negative impacts on Turkey’s 
economy.
The events described above and any similar events in the future, including deterioration of the 
relations between Turkey and Greece due to the matter of eastern Mediterranean natural gas reserves 
and any prospective actions which might be taken by the EU in response to Turkey’s aforementioned 
activities in the eastern Mediterranean, including the maritime agreement made between the GNA and 
Turkey in relation to their continental shelves and the seismic searches conducted, or northern Syria, 
might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and the EU and 
might have a negative impact on investors’ perceptions of Turkey and the broader Turkish economy, 
for reasons including the lack of Turkey’s access to EU funding, which may consequently have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Risks relating to domestic terrorism
Terrorist attacks and the threat of future terrorism have had and could continue to have a 
material adverse effect on Turkey’s capital markets, the level of tourism, foreign investment and other 
elements of the Turkish economy and ultimately on the Bank’s financial condition and results of 
operations.  Turkey experienced increasing incidents of terrorist attacks in 2016, both from ISIL and 
the People’s Congress of Kurdistan, formerly known as PKK.  On 29 June 2016, a terror attack struck 
Istanbul’s Atatürk International Airport, which resulted in at least 42 deaths and more than 230 injuries.  
On 10 December 2016, 44 people were killed and more than 160 were injured as a result of twin 
bombings in central Istanbul, and the attack was claimed by TAK, a PKK splinter group.  On 1 January 
2017, 39 people were killed and 69 were injured following a shooting in a nightclub in Istanbul.  The 
attack was linked to ISIL.  On 5 January 2017, two people were killed and 11 others were wounded in 
a terrorist attack in Izmir which was again claimed by TAK.  While the Bank’s property and business 
interruption insurance covers damage to insured property directly caused by terrorism, such amounts 
may be insufficient to cover any losses that it may incur.
Other risks from events affecting Turkey’s international relations
On 2 October 2018, a Saudi journalist went missing after entering the Saudi consulate in 
Istanbul.  The Istanbul prosecutors started a criminal investigation about the incident, and on 31 October 
2018, the chief prosecutor of Istanbul issued a written statement about the investigation.  According to 
such statement, evidence was found that the Saudi journalist was killed intentionally in the Saudi 
consulate and investigations are continuing.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus and to the best of 
the Bank’s knowledge, judicial process in Turkey and Saudi Arabia is continuing, and the outcome of 
such process and their implications on the relationship between Turkey and Saudi Arabia are not clear 
or predictable. A deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and Saudi Arabia could negatively 
affect Turkey’s economy, including through its impact on the global economy and the impact it might 
have on Turkey’s access to Saudi energy supplies.  This, in turn, may have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Turkish government may default on its debts
Turkish banks have traditionally invested a large portion of their assets in securities issued by 
the Government.  As of 31 December 2020, 94% of the Group’s securities portfolio was invested in 
securities issued by the Government (representing 15% of its total assets), compared to 93% as of 
31 December 2019 (representing 13% of its total assets).  The Group’s securities to assets ratio was 
16% as of 31 December 2020, in comparison with the 16% average for private banks (as of

--- Page 33 ---
19
31 December 2019, the Group’s ratio was 14%, with the average for private banks 15%).  In addition 
to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the perception of an increased risk of default 
by the Government in making payments on its securities or the downgrade in Turkey’s credit rating 
would likely have a significant negative impact on the Turkish banking system generally and thus may 
affect the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
Turkey’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit
In the past, Turkey has experienced high annual rates of inflation.  This has historically been 
considered one of the most significant problems faced by the Turkish economy.  Over the five-year 
period ended 31 December 2002, the Turkish economy experienced annual inflation averaging 
approximately 54.4% per year as measured by the CPI.  Turkey adopted an open inflation targeting 
framework in 2006 with binding inflation targets.  Inflation was reduced, but consistently remained 
above the Central Bank’s medium range target of 5%, and was driven by a succession of inflationary 
shocks such as the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, a surge in commodity prices in 2007 and 2008, 
temporary increases in government expenditure and increased taxes, etc.  
Although prior policies have had some success in reducing inflation from its formerly high 
levels, inflation has increased again in recent years and such policies may not be successful in the future, 
especially given Turkey’s substantial current account deficit and global liquidity conditions.  As at 31 
December 2018, CPI stood at 20.30%, mainly driven by the increase in the prices of home appliances 
and food and non-alcoholic beverages.  As of 31 December 2019, the CPI stood at 11.84% on a yearly 
basis and increased by 0.7% on a monthly basis, driven upwards mainly by the increase in food and 
beverage prices. As of 31 December 2020, the CPI stood at 14.6%  on a yearly basis, mainly driven by 
rising food and transportation prices..
If the level of inflation in Turkey fluctuates or increases significantly (for any reason), then the 
Bank’s costs may increase, and, if not accompanied by an increase in interest rates, then its operating 
and net margins may decrease.  Inflationary pressures may also curtail the Bank’s ability to access 
foreign financial markets and may lead to further Government intervention in the economy, including 
the introduction of Government policies that may adversely affect the overall performance of the 
Turkish economy.  The various impacts of inflation thus may have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
The Central Bank closely monitors the U.S. Federal Reserve’s actions and takes action to 
maintain price and financial stability.  Between December 2015 and December 2018, the U.S. Federal 
Reserve raised the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% nine times.  However, in July 2019, the U.S. Federal 
Reserve halted its rate-increasing cycle, cut the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% and announced its 
decision to halt the reduction in its balance sheet on 1 August 2019, two months earlier than planned.  
The U.S. Federal Reserve further cut the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% in each of September and 
October 2019 and by 0.50% on 3 March 2020 and 1.00% on 16 March 2020.  Afterwards, the U.S. 
Federal Reserve maintained the target range for the federal funds rate at 0% to 0.25%. it is expected to 
maintain this level until it is confident that the economy is on track to achieve its labor market and 
inflation goals. The Turkish Lira and certain other emerging market currencies may depreciate against 
the U.S. dollar if the U.S. Federal Reserve does not ease monetary policy to the degree expected by the 
financial markets.  Due to the volatility in financial markets and the rise in risk premiums, the Turkish 
Lira depreciated to a level never seen before and reached TL 8.46 to U.S. $1 in Nov 2020. However, 
balanced monetary policy by the Central Bank increased the confidence for the economy and led to 
declining risk premiums. Consequently, the Turkish Lira appreciated to TL 7.34 to U.S. $1 at then end 
of 2020 has continued to appreciate in the early months of 2021. However, due to both local and global 
volatility, the Turkish Lira has begun to depreciate once more and USD/TRY stands at TL 8.33 to U.S. 
$1 as of 31 March 2021. On 18 March 2021, the Central Bank further increased the policy rate by 200 
bps from 17.0% to 19.0%.  Notwithstanding the further increase, the removal of Naci Ağbal, the 
governor of the Central Bank, from his post on 20 March 2021 caused Turkish Lira to depreciate 
dramatically.

--- Page 34 ---
20
The size of Turkey’s current account deficit or adverse changes in its balance of payments 
position (including the availability of external financing for Turkey) could lead to exchange rate 
adjustments and higher inflation, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. Turkey’s current account deficit significantly decreased 
to U.S.$27.0 billion (3.4% of GDP) for 2018, on a 12-month basis, and the current account reached a 
surplus of U.S.$8.7 billion (1.1% of GDP) for 2019. The current account balance turned to a deficit in 
March 2020 and the deficit was U.S.$36.7  billion (5.3% of GDP) as of 31 December 2020, on a 12-
month rolling basis, primarily mostly because of the decrease in services revenue due to the conditions 
stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic and the increase in trade deficit. On the services side, the 
revenue from tourism and transportation sectors decreased by 65.7%  and 41.0%  respectively in the 
year ended 31 December 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. Various events including any 
deterioration in economic conditions in Turkey’s primary export customers and geopolitical risks (such 
as tariffs imposed by the United States on imports from Turkey), as well as an increase in energy prices 
or increase in risks caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, might result in an increase in the current account 
deficit, including due to the possible impact on Turkey’s foreign trade and tourism revenues. 
Turkey is an energy-dependent country and any geopolitical development concerning energy 
security could have a material impact on Turkey’s current account balance.  In 2018, Turkey’s current 
account deficit and energy imports were U.S.$27.0 billion and U.S.$38.6 billion, respectively.  In 2019 
Turkey’s current account surplus and energy imports were U.S.$6.8billion and U.S.$33.3 billion, 
respectively. In 2020 Turkey’s current account deficit and energy imports were U.S.$36.7  billion and 
U.S.$24.2 billion, respectively. 
 With the COVID-19 lockdowns, oil prices have decreased sharply in 2020 as transportation 
stopped suddenly. Upon resumption of transport, such as in response to the approval of a COVID-19 
vaccine, oil prices may recover to the level before the pandemic and Turkey’s current account balance 
may face adverse impacts.  
If geopolitical tensions escalate in the Middle East and lead to further concerns around global 
energy supply, such as any events prejudicing the oil trade in the Strait of Hormuz or any country that 
is a major global oil supplier (such as Saudi Arabia) or any prospective sanctions imposed by the United 
States and/or the EU on Iran; oil prices may increase and this may entail a higher current account deficit 
for Turkey.  A higher current account deficit may have an adverse effect on the overall performance of 
the Turkish economy and thus may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations.
The current account deficit still remains a significant concern for policy makers and may be 
subject to further intervention.  Should the Central Bank adopt any additional measures to limit any 
increase in the current account deficit, such measures would likely reduce economic growth and, in 
turn, have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations.  However, given Turkey’s savings and investments structure, it is not possible for Turkey 
to achieve its targeted growth figures without current account imbalances.  Should the current account 
deficit widen persistently, this may lead to a sudden adjustment in the Turkish Lira with inflationary 
consequences, similar to the depreciation in the value of Turkish Lira against foreign currencies and the 
subsequent rise in inflation in the second half of 2018.
The value of the Turkish Lira fluctuates against other currencies
Macroeconomic uncertainties may result in volatility in the value of the Turkish Lira, which 
could in turn adversely impact the Bank’s capital adequacy and, if there is any downturn in the global 
financial markets, this could have an adverse effect on Turkey’s debt servicing ability. In particular, the 
value of the Turkish Lira depreciated against major currencies in the recent years largely due to the 
increased risk perception in global markets regarding Turkey, the market’s expectation of the U.S. 
Federal Reserve’s increase of the U.S. federal funds rate and the uncertainty resulting from the general 
elections in Turkey and other political events. See “—Political developments in Turkey may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and

--- Page 35 ---
21
prospects”. In nominal terms, the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 12.5% between 
31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and by 23.6%  between 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020. The Turkish Lira depreciated from TL 4.56 to U.S.$1 as of 30 June 2018 to TL 6.88 to U.S.$1. 
On 13 August 2018, as a result of heightened tensions in relations between Turkey and the United 
States, the Central Bank and the BRSA announced measures to support the financial markets and 
prevent volatility in the currency market and the CBRT to increase the policy rate to 24%. In the two 
days following these announcements, the Turkish Lira appreciated to TL 6.14 to U.S.$1, but has 
continued to exhibit substantial volatility with continuing pressure. Turkish Lira appreciated to TL 5.94 
to U.S.$1 as of 31 December 2019 supported by favourable conditions for emerging markets. However, 
the COVID-19 pandemic and the interest rate reduction to negative real interest environment resulted 
in economic instability in 2020 and as a result over the year ended 31 December 2020 the Turkish Lira 
depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 23.6%, from TL 5.94 to U.S.$1 as at 31 December 2019, to TL 
7.34  to U.S.$1 as at 31 December 2020.
After keeping the policy rate at 24% for 10 months, in July 2019, the Central Bank cut the one-
week repo rate by 425 bps to 19.75%, whereas the U.S. Federal Reserve halted its rate-increasing cycle 
and cut the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% and announced its decision to halt the reduction in its 
balance sheet on 1 August, two months earlier than planned.  In this context, due to, among other factors, 
a tight monetary stance of the Turkish Central Bank and favourable monetary stance of the developed-
country central banks for Turkish Lira and certain other emerging market currencies, the Turkish Lira 
appreciated by 4.0% from TL 5.76 to 1 U.S. dollar as at 28 June 2019, to TL 5.52 to 1 U.S. dollar, as at 
1 August 2019.  Further, the Central Bank continued its rate-cutting cycle and cut the one-week repo 
rate by 325 bps to 16.50% in September 2019, by 250 bps to 14.00% in October 2019 and by 200 bps 
to 12.00% in December 2019.  In the same period, the U.S. Federal Reserve cut the U.S. federal funds 
rate further by 0.25% in each of its Federal Open Market Committee meetings of September 2019 and 
October 2019, lowering the target range for the federal funds rate from 1.50% to 1.75%.  In March 2020 
the U.S. Federal Reserve further cut the target range to from 0% to 0.25% in response to the impact of 
COVID-19 on the U.S. economy and global financial conditions. After this rate cut, the U.S. Federal 
Reserve maintained the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25%. It is expected to maintain 
this level until it is confident that the economy is on track to achieve its labor market and inflation goals. 
Meanwhile, the Central Bank continued its rate-cutting cycle and cut the one-week repo rate from 
12.00% to 8.25% in the first five months of 2020 which was larger than expected. The rate remained 
unchanged until September and on 24 September 2020 the Central Bank increased the policy rate by 
200 bps to 10.25%. In its meeting on 22 October 2020, the Central Bank did not change the rate but the 
CBRT increased the Late Liquidity Window lending rate to 14.75% from 13.25%. The market 
responded negatively to this decision as a rate hike was expected. The CBRT subsequently hiked the 
policy rate by 475 bps to 15.0%, in line with market expectations, on 19 November 2020. Furthermore, 
the CBRT decided to provide all funding through the main policy rate, which is the one-week repo 
auction rate. The market expectations for a rate hike, simplification in monetary policy and greater 
clarity from the CBRT were each met as the result of the meeting on 19 November 2020. The market 
reaction to such decisions was positive, resulting in the TL appreciating to TL 7.60 to U.S.$1 from TL 
7.70 to U.S.$1, following the meeting.  CBRT hiked the policy rate by 200 bps to 17.0% in the last 
MPC Meeting on 24 December 2020 in order to eliminate risks to the inflation outlook, contain inflation 
expectations and restore the disinflation process. Although the bank kept policy rate stable 1t 17% in 
January and February meetings, the bank said that will decisively maintain this stance for an extended 
period until 2023, when the 5% target will be reached. Thanks to that, the Turkish Lira appreciated to 
TL 7.34 to U.S. $1 in the year end and still continuing to appreciate in the beginning months of 2021. 
USD/TRY saw as low as 6.92 levels and stands at TL 7.14 to U.S. $1 as of 25th of February. 
The currency remains volatile and the Turkish Lira may depreciate against the U.S. dollar, 
which may adversely affect the financial condition of the clients of the Group, their ability to service 
debts owed to the Group, the Group’s ability to service its foreign currency denominated liabilities 
(including any liabilities under the Covered Bonds) and/or Turkey as a whole.

--- Page 36 ---
22
Any significant further depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or other major 
currencies may adversely affect the financial condition of Turkey as a whole and may as a result have 
a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
For a discussion of risks related to current account imbalances and the impact of the Central 
Bank’s intervention, see “—Turkey’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current 
account deficit”.
Turkey’s economy may be impacted by adverse events in other emerging markets
Emerging markets such as Turkey are subject to a greater risk of being perceived negatively by 
investors based upon external events (for example, volatility in the emerging markets, monetary policies 
in the United States and the eurozone, continued violence in Syria and Iraq or a slowdown in China’s 
growth) than more developed markets are, and financial turmoil in any emerging market (or global 
markets generally) could have a “contagion” effect and disrupt the business environment in Turkey.  
Moreover, financial turmoil in one or more emerging markets tends to adversely affect stock prices and 
the prices for debt securities in all emerging market countries as investors move their money to countries 
that are perceived to be more stable and economically developed.  An increase in the perceived risks 
associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen capital flows to Turkey and adversely 
affect the Turkish economy.  As a result, investors’ interest in the Covered Bonds (and thus their price) 
may be subject to fluctuations that may not necessarily be related to economic conditions in Turkey or 
the financial performance of the Group.
While the impact of the global financial crisis of 2008 on Turkey was relatively limited, Turkey 
has been adversely affected by such contagion effects on a number of occasions in the past, including 
following the financial crises in 1994 and 2000 to 2001.  Similar developments can be expected to affect 
the Turkish economy in the future, which might, in turn, have an adverse impact on the prices of 
obligations of Turkish capital markets issuances, including the Covered Bonds.
Turkey’s economy has been undergoing a significant transformation and remains subject to ongoing 
structural and macroeconomic risks
Since the mid-1980s the Turkish economy has moved from a highly protected state directed 
system to a market-oriented free enterprise system.  Reforms have, among other things, largely removed 
price controls and reduced subsidies, reduced the role of the public sector in the economy, emphasised 
growth in the industrial and service sectors, liberalised foreign trade, reduced tariffs, promoted export 
growth, eased capital transfer and exchange controls, encouraged foreign investment, strengthened the 
independence of the Central Bank, led to full convertibility of the Turkish Lira by accepting Article 
VIII of the International Monetary Fund’s (the “IMF”) Articles of Agreement and overhauled the tax 
system.
However, the Turkish economy has also experienced a succession of financial crises and severe 
macroeconomic imbalances.  These include substantial budget deficits, significant current account 
deficits, high rates of inflation and high real rates of interest.  These factors have resulted in a substantial 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira against major foreign currencies, particularly between 1994 and 2001.  
As of 30 September 2020, general government nominal debt to GDP ratio was 42.6%.  This ratio has 
remained relatively stable and was 30.2% and 32.6% as of 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019, 
respectively.
In 2001, Turkey implemented a macroeconomic programme, backed by a U.S.$19.0 billion 
standby agreement with the IMF.  The Government signed a further three year standby agreement with 
the IMF in 2005.  After having successfully completed the two stand by arrangements with the IMF, 
Turkey paid the last instalment to the IMF in May 2013 and is currently not liable for further payments.  
Although there were negotiations on the conditions of a new standby agreement between Turkey and 
the IMF in 2009, these negotiations were unsuccessful and the Government has refrained from signing 
a new agreement with the IMF, citing disagreement over issues such as funding for local government.

--- Page 37 ---
23
In March 2019, the United States announced that imports from Turkey and India would no 
longer be eligible for tariff relief under the “Generalized System of Preferences” programme, which 
programme seeks to promote economic growth in countries identified as developing countries.  In 
Turkey’s case, the United States cited Turkey’s rapid economic development since its entry into the 
programme and that it thus no longer qualified to benefit from these tariff preferences.  Regulatory 
changes such as these reflect increasing challenges faced by some exporters, which might have a 
material adverse effect on Turkey’s economy and/or the financial condition or one or more industries 
within Turkey.
Furthermore, Turkey may not be able to remain economically stable during any periods of 
renewed global economic weakness due to its reliance on external demand and external financing. In 
2018, primarily due to the contribution of external demand, GDP grew by 2.9%. Although there were 
contractions in the first two quarters in 2019, economic activity accelerated in the last quarter of 2019 
and GDP grew by 0.9% in 2019. While GDP grew by 4.4% in the first quarter of 2020, GDP contracted 
in the second quarter by 9.9% due to the negative effects of COVID-19 and the government’s measures 
to impede the spread of COVID-19 starting in March 2020. In the third quarter, economic activity 
accelerated with the partial normalisation steps and the economy grew by 6.7% y/y after contracting 
sharply in previous quarter. The global pandemic resulted in lockdowns all around the world and 
economic activity halted in the second quarter. Domestic demand together with the foreign demand 
reduced sharply driven by such lockdowns and the supply side was also affected negatively. Both 
exports and imports decreased in the second quarter whereas imports increased more than exports in 
the third quarter. This led to an increase in the current account deficit which means a higher debt burden 
for the Turkish economy. Future negative developments in the Turkish economy and failure to achieve 
growth targets could impair the Bank’s business strategies and have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
In September 2020, the Turkish Treasury and Finance Minister announced the Government’s 
Medium Term Program, renamed the New Economic Program (“NEP”) for the 2021 to 2023 period. 
The NEP set GDP growth estimates as 0.3% for 2020, 5.8% for 2021 and 5.0% for each of 2022 and 
2023. In the severe scenario, the GDP growth set as -1.5% for 2020 and 3.7% for 2021 and the other 
years not available. Further, it has estimated the inflation rate as 10.5%, 8.5%, 6.0% and 4.9% for 2020, 
2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.  There can be no assurance that these targets will be reached, that 
the Turkish government will continue to implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal 
policies successfully or that the economic growth achieved in recent years will continue considering 
external and internal circumstances, including the Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify 
monetary policy while maintaining a lower funding rate, the current account deficit and macroeconomic 
and political factors, such as changes in oil prices and uncertainty related with conflicts in Iraq and 
Syria (See “—Conflict and uncertainty within Turkey or in neighbouring and nearby countries may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects”) and the political developments in Turkey, including the uncertainty resulting from the 
structural changes to implement the new constitutional presidential system entered into force with the 
snap general and presidential elections held on 24 June 2018.  (See “—Political developments in Turkey 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects”).
Any of these developments might cause Turkey’s economy to experience macro-economic 
imbalances, which might impair the Group’s business strategies and/or have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  See “——Risks Related to the 
Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the 
Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors 
impacting the Turkish banking sector”.

--- Page 38 ---
24
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which might 
result in a negative impact on the Turkish economy.
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, 
including in particular the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, hotels 
and other real estate related projects and various energy-related projects (including renewables and non-
renewables).  For example, significant growth in the number of hotels is projected to occur over the 
coming years in anticipation of a continuing growth in international tourism, which might or might not 
in fact occur in light of geopolitical, economic or other factors.  Any such overdevelopment might lead 
to a rapid decline in prices of these and other properties, or to the failure of some of these projects.  
Even if these events do not occur, the pace of development of such projects might decline in coming 
years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, which might negatively affect the 
growth of the Turkish economy.  Should any of these events occur, then this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
Turkey’s economy may be impacted by uncertainty in the EU
The EU is Turkey’s principal export market.  If the EU economies suffer any growth setback 
or if other factors have an adverse impact on Turkey’s exports to the EU, the country’s growth 
performance would suffer, exposing the Bank and its customers to macroeconomic and operational 
risks.
The United Kingdom (“UK”) left the European Union (EU) on 31 January 2020 at 11pm, and 
the transition period has ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. As a result, the Treaty on the European 
Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The 
UK is also no longer part of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). On 24 December 2020, an 
agreement in principle was reached in relation to the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the 
“Trade and Cooperation Agreement”), to govern the future relations between the EU and the UK 
following the end of the transition period. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was signed on 30 
December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement has provisional application until the EU and 
the UK complete their ratification procedures. The consent of the European Parliament is required 
before the Council of the European Union can conclude the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. At the 
request of the EU, the provisional application has been extended from 28 February 2021 to 30 April 
2021 to allow time for legal-linguistic revision. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create 
a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK 
into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the situation and consequences of Brexit remain highly 
uncertain, including the possible impact on European and global economic and market conditions and 
the possible impact on Sterling, euro and other European currencies.  In addition, any future withdrawal 
by another Member State from the EU and/or European Monetary Union, any significant changes to the 
structure of the EU and/or European Monetary Union or any uncertainty as to whether such a 
withdrawal or change might occur could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Turkey’s economy may be impacted by disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruptions in economic and commercial activities in 
Turkey. The spread of the virus and measures taken to minimize its spread could result in lower than 
expect gross domestic product, higher unemployment rates, volatility in foreign trade balances and 
housing prices, or otherwise impact the Turkish economy. As of 31 December 2020, the Group has 
reflected, insofar as it sees appropriate in the light of available information and developments, the 
possible effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on the economy. The Group has revised its macroeconomic 
expectations by taking the change in probability of default and loss given default into consideration. 
However, the future impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with certainty.

--- Page 39 ---
25
Impacts to the Turkish economy and banking sector may be significant, which in turn may 
materially and adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
in the following ways, among others:

reductions in business and consumer activity and financial transactions, which might 
lead to a reduction in demand for loans and/or the Group’s banking serviced that 
generate fee and commissions income;

the quality of the Group’s loans and other assets (and the value of collateral securing 
the same) might deteriorate, particularly in those sectors (such as automobiles, textiles, 
services, real estate and tourism) or those segments (such as the Group’s SME segment) 
that are most dramatically impacted, which might lead, inter alia, to increases in 
provisions, NPLs and/or reductions in customer payments (e.g., loans under credit 
cards);

regulatory measures aimed to ease the impact of COVID-19 might, inter alia, affect 
customer demand for loans and/or services, affect pricing in Turkey’s competitive 
banking landscape, impose limitations on the Group’s ability to enforce its contracts 
(including in relation to collaterals) and/or, for temporary regulatory changes (e.g., 
BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 a rule allowing banks to use 31 December 2019 
exchange rates in certain capital and other calculations), result in financial calculations 
that are not comparable to those of previous and later periods (including resulting in 
potentially material changes after such temporary measures terminate) and/or alter the 
decision-making process of the Group and/or make it more difficult for investors to 
assess financial results on a comparative basis; 

sources of liquidity available to Turkish borrowers (including the Group) might be 
reduced and/or more expensive, including if sentiments in capital markets further 
deteriorate or international investors reduce their exposure to Turkey;

continued depreciation of the Turkish Lira could affect Turkey’s current account deficit 
and/or the ability of Turkish borrowers to repay obligations denominated in (or linked 
to) foreign currencies, which could impact not only the Group’s own loan portfolio but 
also Turkey’s economy generally, including by way of increased unemployment; 
and/or 

some of the Group’s operations might be adversely impacted, such as due to illness 
among staff or the need to close or limit customer access to branches.
Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry
The Turkish banking system is subject to systemic risks
The Turkish financial sector has gone through major changes as a result of the financial 
liberalisation programme that started in the early 1980s.  The abolition of directed credit policies, the 
liberalisation of deposit and credit interest rates and liberal exchange rate policies, as well as the 
adoption of international banking regulations have accelerated the structural transformation of the 
Turkish banking sector.  Since the 1980s, the Turkish banking sector has experienced significant 
expansion and development in the number of banks, employment in the sector, diversification of 
services and technological infrastructure.  The significant volatility of the Turkish Lira and foreign 
exchange markets experienced in 1994, 1998 and in 2001, combined with the short foreign exchange 
positions held by many Turkish banks at those times, affected the profitability and liquidity of certain 
Turkish banks.  In 2001, this resulted in the collapse of several banks.
Following this crisis, the Government made structural changes to the Turkish banking system 
to strengthen the private (i.e., non-governmental) banking sector and to allow it to compete more

--- Page 40 ---
26
effectively against the state-controlled banks (Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”), Türkiye 
Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O. (“Vakıfbank”) and T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”)).  In 2017, the state 
shares in Ziraat and Halkbank were transferred to the Turkish Sovereign Wealth Fund (Türkiye Varlık 
Fonu) (the “TWF”).  However, there has been no change in the legal status of any of the banks 
transferred to the TWF, and the TWF is expected to be managed by the Turkey Wealth Fund 
Management Joint Stock Corporation (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.), the sole shareholder of 
which is the Privatisation Administration (Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı) of the Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance of the Republic of Turkey.  Notwithstanding these changes, the Turkish banking sector 
remains subject to volatility.
If the general macroeconomic conditions in Turkey and the Turkish banking sector in particular 
were to suffer another crisis, this could result in further bank failures, reduced liquidity and weaker 
public confidence in the Turkish banking system which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment” in this Base Prospectus for a further discussion of the Turkish banking regulatory 
environment.
Increased competition in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group
The level of competition in the Turkish banking sector has remained intense in the past several 
years as a result of the increased presence of public banks in the private sector and foreign bank interest 
in Turkey.  According to the BRSA, as of 31 December 2020, the top seven banking groups in Turkey 
(including the Bank), three of which are state controlled, held in aggregate, approximately 77%  of the 
Turkish banking sector’s total loan portfolio, approximately 76%  of total banking assets in Turkey and 
approximately 83%  of total deposits in Turkey.  Loan growth in the banking sector in Turkey was 14% 
during 2018, 10% during 2019 and 33%  during 2020, while deposit growth was 19%, 22% and 33%  
respectively, according to BRSA weekly data.
In addition to private banks, the Bank also faces competition from state owned financial 
institutions, such as Halkbank, Vakıfbank and Ziraat.  These government-owned financial institutions 
historically focused on government and government related projects but are increasingly focusing on 
the private sector (including retail and SMEs), thereby increasing competition and pressure on margins.  
In particular, such government owned institutions may have access to payroll accounts of state 
employees, low cost deposits (on which such institutions pay low or no interest) through state economic 
enterprises owned or administered by the Government, which could result in a lower cost of funds that 
cannot be duplicated by private banks.  Such actions by government owned financial institutions, in 
addition to ongoing competitive pressures from private financial institutions, have caused net interest 
margins to decline across the Turkish banking market.
During recent years, foreign banks have shown an increased interest in the banking sector in 
Turkey.  Foreign banks such as BNP Paribas, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China, Burgan Bank, ING, Qatar National Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar and 
Emirates NBD have acquired interests in Turkish banks.  In addition, various banks, such as Odeabank 
and Bank of China, have also established their own franchises.  The Bank believes that further entries 
into the Turkish banking sector by foreign competitors, either directly or in collaboration with existing 
Turkish banks, could further increase competition in the market.  In addition to direct investment, 
foreign banks are expanding their business presence in Turkey, further increasing competitive pressures.  
Most recently, the transfer of 99.85% shares of Denizbank to Emirates NBD was completed as of 31 
July 2019.  There can be no assurance that further competitive pressures will not result in continued 
margin compression, which may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 41 ---
27
The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods 
may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish 
banking sector
The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to other applicable regulations 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s profitability, especially as competition or regulation 
limit the ability of the Bank to control interest rates or loan rates.
For example, the Central Bank has adjusted reserve requirements for various banking products 
for different purposes, including both supporting and limiting credit growth and as a result of foreign 
currency fluctuations.  Further revisions to such reserve requirements, particularly any increased 
requirements, could have a negative impact on the profitability of the banking sector (including the 
Group), especially if competition or other factors limit banks’ ability to increase loan pricing or loan 
growth (see also “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Liquidity Reserve Requirement” for a summary of 
the current reserve requirements).
In addition, the Equity Regulation and the 2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation, which regulate, 
among other things, stress testing for liquidity and the calculation of internal capital adequacy, have 
been subject to frequent amendment in recent years in order to, among other aims, accomplish BRSA’s 
target of promulgating Basel III (as defined below in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Basel III”) 
requirements by April 2014, introduce changes to BRSA’s authority to write off Tier 1 and Tier 2 debt 
instruments and change the items included in equity calculation, introduce changes to the calculation of 
risk-weighted assets and the risk-weighing of mortgages.  If further amendments prove adverse to the 
Group they could have a material impact on its profitability and results.
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory 
Environment” below) generally took effect as of 1 March 2020, with some of its provisions to take 
effect as of 1 April 2020. The New Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates (as defined in 
“The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) abolished and replaced the Communiqué on Deposit 
and Loan Interest. The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees caps the POS commission rates 
that banks apply to purchases of goods and services at 1.25%, lowered from the previously set 1.40%, 
if the amounts from such purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day 
following the transaction. The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets forth 
standardized fees and caps for commercial customers. Accordingly, credit allocation fees are not to 
exceed 0.25% of the total credit limit allocated and credit utilisation fees are not to exceed 1% of the 
total credit utilised. Banks will not be able to charge any account maintenance fees for commercial 
customers. A cap on money transfer fees has been introduced, which varies in accordance with the 
amount of the transaction. In addition, caps have been introduced on credit card cash withdrawals. See 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, 
Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. Such changes are 
likely to impact the Group’s net fees and commission income.
Since 31 October 2020, the Central Bank calculates the credit card interest caps based on 
monthly reference rates. Separate rates are calculated for individual credit card interest rates for Turkish 
Lira transactions (55 bps above the monthly reference rate), foreign exchange (“FX”) transactions (80% 
of the montly cap for Turkish Lira transactions) and default interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions 
and FX transactions (each 30 bps above the applicable monthly cap). The monthly caps are calculated 
and published on the Central Bank’s website each month. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps 
on Credit Card Interest Rates and POS Commission Rates”. 
Still, other regulations limit the expansion of individual loans (especially credit card 
instalments), set the fees and commissions that banks may charge customers and limit their levels.  
BRSA approval is required for any Turkish bank to charge any fees and commissions other than as cited 
in the regulation.

--- Page 42 ---
28
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” for details on these amendments and other regulations 
impacting the Group.  
Non-compliance with regulation may expose the Group to fines and other repercussions. In 
2013, an administrative fine of TL 149,961,870 was imposed on the Bank due a Competition Law 
infringment. A reduced fine of TL 112,471,402.50 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed 
by the Bank for the cancellation of the fine. The legal process is ongoing. In 2011, an administrative 
fine of TL 14,211,048 was imposed on the Bank due to a Competition Law infringment. A fine of TL 
10,658,286 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for the cancellation of the 
fine. The legal process by the Council of State has ended against the Bank. In 2016, an administrative 
fine of TL 116,254,138 was imposed on Bank due to a Consumer Protection Law infringment. A fine 
of TL 87,190,603 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for the cancellation 
of the fine. The legal process is ongoing. A tax penalty of TL 129 million was imposed on the Bank for 
the years 2008-2010, which the Bank settled with the tax authority by paying TL 25.8 million and a 
delay penalty. In 2020, an administrative fine of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank due to 
infringment of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 5684 and other relevant legislations provisions. A 
TL 140,328,637.50 fine was paid as legal remission.
The Group’s profitability may be materially and negatively affected in the short term and 
possibly in the long term as a result of a number of such regulatory factors that are generally impacting 
the Turkish banking sector.  If the pressure on net reversals on loans, investment securities and credit 
related commitments continues, this may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial 
condition and results of operations as well as the Bank’s ability to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds.  Such factors include increased competition, particularly as it impacts net interest margins (see 
“—Increased competition in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group”) and the Central Bank and BRSA regulatory actions that seek to limit the growth of Turkish 
banks through various conventional and unconventional policy measures, including increased interest 
rates, increased reserve requirements, increased general provisioning requirements, changes in the 
foreign exchange legislation and higher risk weighting for general purpose loans.
The Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in 
the past and may in the future change rapidly
The Group is subject to a number of banking and other regulations designed to maintain the 
safety and financial soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations, 
and limit their exposure to risk.  These regulations include the implementation of international standards 
(particularly in regards to Basel Committee on Banking Supervision requirements) as well as Turkish 
laws and regulations (and in particular those of the BRSA and the Central Bank), as well as laws and 
regulations of certain other countries where the Group operates.  Banking laws and regulations in 
Turkey and the manner in which those laws and regulations are applied to the operations of financial 
institutions are still evolving.  New regulations may be implemented rapidly, without substantial 
consultation with the industry, which may not allow sufficient time for the Group to adjust its strategy 
to deal with such changes.  New regulations may increase the Group’s cost of doing business or limit 
its activities.  Turkish banking regulations may rapidly change in response to the current economic 
environment.  In 2015 and 2016, the BRSA implemented numerous measures as part of its efforts of 
implementing Basel III which have come into force in recent years.  See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Basel III”.  The BRSA from time to time promulgates new regulations and guidelines as 
part of its attempt to adjust the Turkish banking system to Basel requirements.  See “—The profitability 
and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable 
as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”.
In the future, new laws or regulations might be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner 
that could increase the Group’s cost of compliance and have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations.  In addition, a breach of regulatory 
guidelines could expose it to potential liabilities or sanctions.  Changes in these regulations may have a 
material effect on the Group’s business and operations.  Moreover, any failure to adopt adequate

--- Page 43 ---
29
responses to such changes in the regulatory framework may have an adverse effect on the Bank’s 
business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations.
The Group is dependent on its banking and other licences
The banking and other operations performed by the Bank and its subsidiaries require licences 
by the relevant authorities in each jurisdiction in which they operate.  A large majority of the Group’s 
business depends on the Bank’s Turkish banking licence from the BRSA.  If the Bank loses its general 
banking licence, then it will be unable to perform any banking operations in Turkey.  Although the Bank 
believes that it and its subsidiaries have the necessary licences for their banking and other operations 
and that each of the Bank and its subsidiaries are currently in compliance with their existing material 
licences and reporting obligations, there is no assurance that they will be able to maintain the necessary 
licences in the future.  The loss of a licence, a breach of the terms of any licence or the failure to obtain 
any further required licences in the future could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial 
condition and/or results of operations.  A further description of the applicable regulatory requirements 
is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Audit of Banks” and “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Cancellation of Banking Licence” in this Base Prospectus.
The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering and terrorist financing
The Group has implemented internal measures aimed at preventing it from being used as a 
conduit for money laundering (including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing.  However, such 
measures, procedures and compliance may not be completely effective.  If the Group is associated with 
money laundering (including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing, the Bank could suffer 
serious damage to its reputation, including among its network of correspondent banks in foreign 
countries, which could affect its ability to maintain existing relationships, attract new business and 
provide services to its customers.  The Group could also become subject to fines, sanctions and/or legal 
enforcement (including being added to any “blacklists” that would prohibit certain parties from 
engaging in transactions with the Group), which could materially adversely affect the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.
Risks relating to the Cover Pool
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, backed by the Transaction Security.  As such, an investment in the Covered Bonds represents 
exposure to both the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Cover Pool.  The following discusses certain 
risks relating to the value of the Cover Pool.
Insufficient Cover Pool – The value of the Cover Pool might be insufficient to ensure payment of all 
of the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds
The Issuer is required under the Covered Bonds Communiqué to comply with certain cover 
matching principles (the “Statutory Tests”) as long as any Covered Bond is outstanding.  Under the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué, if the Cover Pool does not fulfil any of the Statutory Tests, then the 
Issuer is required to rectify such non-compliance within one month of its detection of the occurrence of 
such breach (including, for a Statutory Test Date, within one month of such Statutory Test Date).
As part of the Statutory Tests, the Covered Bonds Communiqué requires that the Issuer ensure 
that the net present value of the Cover Pool exceeds at all times, by at least 2%, the net present value of 
the Total Liabilities1. See “Summary of the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation”.  Furthermore, the 
Issuer has covenanted in the Security Agency Agreement to ensure that the Nominal Value of the Cover 
Pool is not less than the product of: (a) the Turkish Lira Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Covered Bonds outstanding; and (b) the sum of one plus the decimal equivalent of 
the Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage (being the percentage figure as selected by the Issuer 
1 “Total Liabilities” has the meaning given to such term in the Covered Bonds Communiqué (as of the date hereof, the aggregate of all 
liabilities owed by the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds (including Coupons) and the Hedging Agreements).

--- Page 44 ---
30
from time to time and notified to the Relevant Rating Agencies and the Fiscal Agent equal to the highest 
Series Overcollateralisation Percentage for all Series of Covered Bonds at such time outstanding).  
However, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy the Statutory Tests and maintain the 
overcollateralised portion of the Cover Pool might be dependent upon factors that are beyond the control 
of the Issuer; for example, the performance of the Turkish housing market.
The Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties, by virtue of the statutory pledge 
under the Covered Bond Communiqué, have a pari passu claim against the Cover Pool.  To the extent 
that the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties are not met out of the Cover 
Pool, the Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties will have a residual claim against the 
Issuer in respect of its remaining assets, which will rank pari passu with the other unsecured creditors 
of the Issuer, subject to certain exceptions as to which see “—Effective Subordination – Residual claims 
of the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bonds will be subordinated to those of certain other 
creditors”.
If an Event of Default occurs and a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer, then the Security 
Agent will (upon instructions from the Covered Bondholder Representative) be entitled to enforce the 
security interests over the Security Assignment Security granted by the Issuer in favour of the Security 
Agent under and pursuant to the terms of the Security Assignment and the other Non-Statutory Security, 
and the proceeds from the realisation of the Transaction Security will be applied towards payment of 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Transaction Documents in the manner provided in the Transaction 
Documents and the Covered Bonds Communiqué; it being understood that the Security Agent does not 
have a security interest over the portion of the Transaction Security that is included in the Cover Pool, 
which is subject to liquidation pursuant to the provisions of the Covered Bonds Communiqué (see “—
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds Communiqué—No Direct Security Interest in Favour of Covered 
Bondholders in the Cover Pool – Covered Bondholders will not have direct remedies against the Cover 
Pool”).
The realisable value of the Mortgage Assets and their related security included in the Cover 
Pool might be reduced by: (a) default by the Borrowers; (b) changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; 
and (c) possible regulatory changes by authorities.  Each of these factors is considered in more detail 
below.  While the Statutory Tests, the Programme Overcollateralisation Percentages and the Individual 
Asset Eligibility Criteria (as defined in the Security Agency Agreement) are intended to ensure that 
there will be an adequate amount of Mortgage Assets and other assets in the Cover Pool to enable the 
repayment of the Covered Bonds following service of a Notice of Default, there is no assurance that the 
Mortgage Assets or other Transaction Security could be realised for sufficient value to enable the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds to be paid in full.
Effective Subordination – Residual claims of the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bonds will 
be subordinated to those of certain other creditors 
In the event that the Cover Pool is insufficient to meet the claims of the Covered Bondholders, 
under Turkish law, certain obligations of the Issuer will rank in preference to the Covered Bonds 
(including, without limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve and/or liquidity 
requirements required by law to be maintained by the Issuer with the Central Bank, claims of individual 
depositors of the Issuer to the extent of any amount that such depositors are not able to recover from 
the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund of Turkey (the “SDIF”), claims that the SDIF may have against 
the Issuer and claims that the Central Bank may have against the Issuer with respect to certain loans 
made by the Issuer).  Any such preferential claims may reduce the amount recoverable by the Covered 
Bondholders on any dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and may result in an investor 
in the Covered Bonds losing all or some of its investment.

--- Page 45 ---
31
Changes in Value of Mortgage Assets – The collateral securing the Mortgage Assets might decline 
in value, which might result in the Cover Pool being insufficient to ensure payment of all of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds
Under the Covered Bonds Communiqué, there is a loan-to-value ratio limit of 80% of the value 
of the security in the Mortgage Assets.  In addition, the Issuer covenants pursuant to the Security Agency 
Agreement to comply with the Overcollateralisation Ratio Covenant.  As loan-to-value ratio limits are 
imposed by the Issuer when a Mortgage Asset is originated, the value of the individual loan obligation 
is initially overcollateralised by the mortgage held by the Issuer in respect of such loan; however, the 
value of the collateral security might reduce over time as a result of various reasons, including falling 
property values and inadequate maintenance.
The Covered Bonds Communiqué requires the Issuer to monitor the general changes in the 
property prices securing its mortgage loans and determine the ratio of such change (the “Property Price 
Change Ratio”) annually at the end of each calendar year based upon a generally accepted index, if 
available.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the index used by the Issuer is the Property Price 
Index (Konut Fiyat Endeksi) (the “KFE”) released by the Central Bank on a monthly basis.  The 
calculation of the KFE is based upon the price data of all the properties sold in Turkey irrespective of 
the construction year of the properties.  The price data is obtained from valuation reports prepared for 
the purpose of evaluating mortgage loan applications made to ten Turkish banks (which might include 
the Issuer).  If the Issuer identifies a decline in the property prices within a specific geographical region 
or in Turkey in general, then it must decrease the value of the relevant property for calculating collateral 
value by applying the Property Price Change Ratio and re-calculating whether the Cover Pool Assets 
comply with the requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.  The Covered Bond Communiqué 
is silent as to the impact on the valuations should the relevant price data increase at a future date.  
Accordingly, to the extent the CMB confirms that the Issuer may do so, the Issuer might apply a higher 
valuation at a future date if the selected index demonstrates an increase in property prices.  The 
application of such an increase in value would allow the Issuer to include fewer assets in the Cover Pool 
than were previously included, or issue more Covered Bonds against the value of such Cover Pool 
Assets.  On the other hand, any decline in the value of the mortgage collateral over time as a result of 
falling property prices might result in the Cover Pool being insufficient to ensure payment of all of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds (if the Issuer is not able to add new eligible replacement 
assets).  
The Cover Pool consists of: (a) Mortgage Assets that are secured by eligible security interests 
in favour of the Issuer over the relevant property; (b) claims that the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against 
covered bond swap providers; and (c) certain substitute assets.  All assets in the Cover Pool must comply 
with the terms of the Covered Bond Communiqué.  All of the properties securing Mortgage Assets in 
the Cover Pool should be in Turkey by law.  The value of the Cover Pool may therefore decline in the 
event of a general downturn in the value of property in Turkey or could be adversely affected by any 
impact on the value of property in a specific area or region in Turkey, which could adversely affect the 
Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.
The Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage may be varied by the Issuer and the Issuer is not 
required to provide additional overcollateralisation to maintain the ratings of the Covered Bonds
The Issuer has, pursuant to the Security Agency Agreement, agreed to provide a certain amount 
of additional overcollateralisation (in excess of that required by the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation) 
in an amount determined by reference to the Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage.  
While the Issuer has the ability to nominate a different Programme Overcollateralisation 
Percentage from time to time, subject to notification to the Relevant Rating Agencies, the proposed 
change in the Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage cannot result in a downgrade of the then 
current ratings of the Covered Bonds.  However, it is possible for the Issuer to nominate a lower 
Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage where this would not reduce the then current rating of the 
Covered Bonds.  Covered Bondholders should be aware that any downward movement in the

--- Page 46 ---
32
Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage would reduce the amount of credit enhancement provided 
by the Cover Pool and Cover Pool Assets, even where this does not result in a reduction in the then 
current rating, which could have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and the Issuer’s ability to pay 
amounts due on the Covered Bonds in the future.  
In addition, the Issuer is under no obligation to increase the Programme Overcollateralisation 
Percentage to provide additional overcollateralisation where this would be required to maintain the then 
current rating of the Covered Bonds.  Covered Bondholders should be aware that any decision by the 
Issuer not to increase the Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage to reflect the additional 
overcollateralisation requirements of the Relevant Rating Agency could have an adverse effect on the 
rating of the Covered Bonds, which could have an impact on the market value of the Covered Bonds.
Loan Origination Guidelines – The Issuer’s guidelines for originating or acquiring mortgage loans 
do not ensure that a Borrower will be able to make payment on its mortgage loan, and such guidelines 
might be waived or become less rigorous
The Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool were (and will be) originated (or purchased) by the 
Issuer pursuant to certain established origination guidelines and, in certain cases, based upon exceptions 
to those guidelines.  It is expected that the Issuer’s lending criteria will generally consider, inter alia, 
the type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, loan-to-value ratio, status of applicant and credit 
history.  The Issuer retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time.  Although these 
guidelines have been designed to identify and appropriately assess the repayment risks associated with 
the origination of mortgage loans, it cannot be ensured that the interest and principal payments due on 
any Mortgage Asset will be paid when due, or at all, or whether the value of the property securing such 
Mortgage Asset will be sufficient to otherwise provide for recovery of such amounts.
To the extent exceptions were made to the underwriting guidelines in originating (or 
purchasing) a Mortgage Asset, those exceptions might increase the risk that principal and interest 
amounts might not be received or recovered relating to such Mortgage Asset.  Compensating factors, if 
any, that might have formed the basis for making an exception to the underwriting guidelines might not 
in fact compensate for any additional risk.  In addition, the Issuer’s origination guidelines might change 
over time, including becoming less rigorous, which might increase the risk of default by a Borrower 
under a Mortgage Asset in the Cover Pool.
Any increased risk that principal and interest amounts might not be received or recovered in 
respect of the Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
financial condition, results of operations and/or ability to perform its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and/or on whether the value of the Cover Pool is sufficient to ensure payment of all of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Covered Bonds.
Default by Borrowers – Default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Assets might 
result in the value of the Cover Pool being insufficient to ensure payment of all of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Covered Bonds
Borrowers might default on their obligations under the Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool, 
which defaults might occur for a variety of reasons.  The Mortgage Assets are affected by credit, 
liquidity and interest rate risks.  Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment 
rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the 
national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax 
laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and Government policies.  Other factors in the Borrowers’ individual, personal or 
financial circumstances might affect the ability of the Borrowers to repay the Mortgage Assets.  Loss 
of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors might lead to an increase in delinquencies by and 
bankruptcies of the Borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of the 
Borrowers to repay the Mortgage Assets.  In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a property given 
as security for a Mortgage Asset at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that

--- Page 47 ---
33
Mortgage Asset will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that 
property, the value of that property and the ability and willingness of potential buyers to obtain a 
mortgage at the time.  Any of such circumstances could result in the value of the Cover Pool being 
insufficient to ensure repayment of the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds.
Insurance of Mortgage Assets – Insurance with respect to a mortgaged property might be insufficient 
to cover the remaining obligations of a Borrower under the related Mortgage Asset
As a matter of Turkish law, each Borrower of a Mortgage Asset is required to maintain 
earthquake insurance for the related real property (subject to a maximum claim of TL 268,000) and they 
are also permitted to enter into life insurance policies that name the Issuer as the primary loss payee in 
order to secure their obligations under such Mortgage Asset.  Any amounts received by the Issuer under 
such insurance might be insufficient to pay off such Mortgage Asset in full, particularly for damage 
caused by an earthquake on a property with respect to which the related Mortgage Asset exceeds 
TL 268,000.  Such circumstances could result in the value of the Cover Pool being insufficient to ensure 
repayment of the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds, particularly if they occur as a result of 
an earthquake or other catastrophic event that affects a large number of properties.
Regulatory Changes – Possible regulatory changes (including in the Covered Bonds Communiqué) 
could negatively affect the value of the Cover Pool
The Cover Pool (including the Mortgage Assets included therein) is subject to a number of 
requirements under Turkish law, including those set out in the Covered Bonds Communiqué.  These 
requirements include (without limitation) consumer protection laws, lending criteria requirements and 
bankruptcy rules and (under the Covered Bonds Communiqué) the Statutory Tests, cover asset 
eligibility criteria and other measures for the treatment of the Cover Pool.  In the event that there are 
any regulatory changes in any of these requirements, including any changes in the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué that provide for a more lenient monitoring of the Cover Pool, or any new applicable 
regulations, then the value of the Cover Pool might be insufficient to ensure repayment of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Covered Bonds.
Geographical Risks – The Mortgage Assets are all secured by real property in Turkey, with 
significant concentrations in certain locations, which might result in increased exposure to potential 
national or regional economic, catastrophic and other risks
Mortgage Assets contained in the Cover Pool will be secured on real property located only in 
Turkey.  The value of the Cover Pool might decline sharply and rapidly in the event of a general 
downturn in the value of real property in Turkey or other national risks.  Any such downturn thus might 
result in the value of the Cover Pool being insufficient to ensure payment of all of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Covered Bonds.
The Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool will likely be concentrated in certain regions of Turkey, 
principally in Istanbul and Ankara.  Certain geographic regions of Turkey might experience weaker 
regional economic conditions (including on local employment levels and/or wages) and housing 
markets or be directly or indirectly affected by civil disturbances or natural disasters, including 
earthquakes.  Such conditions could result in regional declines in the value of real property and/or (such 
as due to declining regional employment) the ability of Borrowers to make payments on their Mortgage 
Assets.  Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool in such areas might experience higher rates of loss and 
delinquency than other Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool, which might result in the value of the Cover 
Pool being insufficient to ensure payment of all of the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds.
Cover Pool Description – Covered Bondholders will receive limited information on the Cover Pool
While the Security Agency Agreement provides that investors in the Covered Bonds will have 
access to the Investor Reports, and the Cover Monitor Agreement provides that Covered Bondholders 
may obtain copies of the Cover Monitor Reports from the Security Agent in the manner as shall be 
permitted in the Cover Monitor Agreement, they will not receive detailed statistics or information in

--- Page 48 ---
34
relation to the Mortgage Assets, other assets in the Cover Pool or other Transaction Security.  It is 
expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change, including where the Issuer: (a) 
assigns Additional Cover Cover Pool Assets to the Cover Pool; (b) removes Cover Pool Assets from 
the Cover Pool; or (c) substitutes existing Cover Pool Assets in the Cover Pool with new Cover Pool 
Assets.
While each Mortgage Asset added to the Cover Pool will be required to meet the Individual 
Asset Eligibility Criteria and the requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué and the Cover 
Monitor will monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the requirements of the Covered Bond Communiqué, 
the constitution of the Cover Pool is dynamic and there are no assurances that the credit quality of the 
assets in the Cover Pool will remain the same as of the date of this Base Prospectus or on or after the 
Issue Date of any Covered Bonds.  See “General Description of the Programme—Creation and 
Administration of the Cover Pool—Changes to the Cover Pool”.
Secondary Mortgage Market – There is no substantial secondary mortgage loan market in Turkey, 
which might negatively affect the realisation on the Mortgage Assets
The ability of the Cover Pool to cover repayment of the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered 
Bonds might depend upon whether the Mortgage Assets and their related security can be sold, realised 
or refinanced by the Issuer or the Administrator, as applicable, so as to obtain a sufficient amount to 
cover such obligations.  There is not yet an active and liquid secondary market for mortgage loans in 
Turkey and there is limited experience in Turkey of selling mortgage loans in distressed scenarios 
(particularly if, at the time thereof, multiple issuers of mortgage-covered bonds are in distress, which 
might occur as a result of general macroeconomic or other conditions affecting Turkish lenders 
generally).  Further, no assurance can be given that the CMB or any other regulatory authority will not 
take action (or that future adverse regulatory developments will not arise) with respect to the 
enforcement, sale or disposal of the Mortgage Assets.  Any such action or developments might have a 
material adverse effect on the realisable value of the Mortgage Assets and ultimately adversely affect 
whether the value of the Cover Pool is sufficient to ensure repayment of the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Covered Bonds.
Ancillary Rights – A court might determine that some or all of the Ancillary Rights are not eligible 
to benefit from the Statutory Segregation
The Covered Bonds Communiqué includes a “receivable” of a mortgage loan as eligible for 
Statutory Segregation; however, the precise scope of what constitutes a “receivable” for these purposes 
is unclear.  While the Issuer has contractually agreed that the relevant proceeds of Ancillary Rights shall 
constitute part of the Cover Pool Assets, if it is subsequently judicially determined that all or part of the 
Ancillary Rights do not constitute receivables of Mortgage Assets for the purposes of Article 9 of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué, then the obligation of the Issuer to apply the relevant proceeds of such 
Ancillary Rights in satisfaction of any obligations owed by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents 
to the Secured Creditors shall be an unsecured contractual obligation only and such Ancillary Rights 
shall not be Cover Pool Assets and thus not benefit from Statutory Segregation.
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds Communiqué
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Covered Bonds Communiqué:
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, secured by the statutory pledge provided under the Covered Bond Communiqué in respect of the 
Cover Pool.  An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer, as to which, see “—Risks Related to the Group’s Business”, a reliance on the credit quality of 
the Cover Pool and the Issuer’s ability to maintain the Cover Pool.  The Covered Bonds are not 
guaranteed by any member of the Issuer’s Group or any other person (although the CMB has the 
discretion to require that the Covered Bonds are guaranteed in the future).  In addition, an investment

--- Page 49 ---
35
in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived 
creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of such Covered Bonds.  There 
can be no assurance that the Issuer will in the future be able to make payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds or that the Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Covered 
Bonds.
The requirement to transfer cash collections to a separate bank account from the Issuer’s general 
account only arises upon breach of the Statutory Tests and/or payment default by the Issuer
Under the Covered Bond Communiqué, the Issuer is required to comply with certain tests and 
criteria to, among other things, ensure a minimum level of overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool 
(calculated by reference to the liabilities of the Issuer in respect of payments of interest and repayments 
of principal on the Covered Bonds, and payments to Hedging Counterparties in relation to hedges 
entered into in relation to the Covered Bonds) and that the Cover Pool Assets meet the Statutory Tests.  
The Statutory Tests are designed to help ensure that the Issuer can meet its payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds.  If the Issuer fails to comply with any of the Statutory Tests, the Issuer is required 
to promptly take any necessary measures, including restructuring the Cover Pool, upon becoming aware 
of such breach or potential breach.  In addition, as soon as the cover pool monitor (the “Cover 
Monitor”) becomes aware of any payment default and/or a breach of the Statutory Tests and/or breach 
of the overcollateralisation ratio covenant (the “Overcollateralisation Ratio Covenant”), and until the 
relevant default and/or breach is cured, cash generated from the Cover Pool Assets must be deposited 
in a separate bank account separate from the Issuer’s general account.  Until such time, cash generated 
by the Cover Pool Assets will be deposited in the Issuer’s general account and may be used by the Issuer 
in its ordinary course of business.  Therefore, upon becoming aware of a breach, there may be a delay 
in identifying the relevant funds to be deposited in the separate bank account, which could result in a 
delay to payments due to Covered Bondholders.
In certain circumstances, the CMB may appoint an Administrator to manage the Cover Pool and 
make payments under the Covered Bonds, and such Administrator has wide powers, including the 
ability to redeem the Covered Bonds early if it determines, in its discretion, that early redemption is 
in the best interests of the Covered Bondholders
Under the Covered Bond Communiqué, if any of the following events occurs, the CMB may 
appoint an Administrator:

the management and control of the Issuer is transferred to the SDIF; 

the banking licence of the Issuer is revoked; or

the Issuer is found bankrupt by a competent authority. 
The Administrator’s role would be to manage the Cover Pool and make payments under the 
Covered Bonds to discharge the Total Liabilities to the extent the cash income generated from the Cover 
Pool is sufficient to do so. 
To that end, the Administrator is authorised to sell or purchase assets in the Cover Pool, obtain 
loans or enter into repo transactions.  The Administrator may transfer all or some only of the Cover 
Pool Assets and the Total Liabilities (as defined above) to a different bank or mortgage finance 
institution (the “New Issuer”) following the consent of the CMB.  Upon such transfer, the ownership 
of the Cover Pool Assets would be deemed to have passed to the New Issuer and the Issuer shall be 
discharged from the Total Liabilities, which shall also be assumed by the New Issuer.  Any such transfer 
is not subject to the consent of the Security Agent, Covered Bondholders, Hedging Counterparties, 
Agents or other Secured Creditors and any such transfer will not constitute an Event of Default.  There 
is no assurance as to whether there will be an eligible transferee to take over the Total Liabilities and 
the corresponding Cover Pool Assets after the appointment of an Administrator.

--- Page 50 ---
36
The Administrator shall continue to manage the Cover Pool if no New Issuer is available and 
is entitled to sell Cover Pool Assets, purchase new assets, utilise loans or conduct repurchase 
transactions in order to generate sufficient amounts to meet the payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds.  This could result in the Covered Bondholders receiving payment according to a schedule that 
is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds or could result in the Covered 
Bondholders not being paid in full.
If the amount generated by the Cover Pool Assets is not sufficient to discharge the Total 
Liabilities, the Administrator may determine that it would be in the best interest of Covered 
Bondholders to redeem the Covered Bonds early.  Following the CMB’s approval, the Administrator 
may implement the early redemption of the Covered Bonds and accordingly dispose of the Cover Pool 
Assets.  The Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties, by virtue of the statutory pledge 
under the Covered Bond Communiqué, have a pari passu claim against the Cover Pool.  Further, to the 
extent the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties are not met out of the 
Cover Pool, the Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties will have a residual claim against 
the Issuer in respect of its remaining assets, which will rank pari passu with the other unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer.
This could result in the Covered Bondholders (and Couponholders) receiving payment 
according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds 
(with accelerations as well as delays) or could result in the Covered Bondholders (and Couponholders) 
not being paid in full.
Limited Rights of Acceleration – Covered Bonds can be accelerated only in limited circumstances
The Conditions of the Covered Bonds include a very limited list of Events of Default, the 
occurrence of which would permit the Covered Bonds to be accelerated.  The ability of Covered 
Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds will thus be very limited.  See also “—Turkish bankruptcy 
laws stipulate that all debts and liabilities of a bankrupt person shall become due and payable, but 
Covered Bondholders may not be able to accelerate their Covered Bonds, upon the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer under the Events of Default”.  For a description of the Events of Default, see “General 
Description of the Programme—Events of Default”.
Turkish bankruptcy laws stipulate that all debts and liabilities of a bankrupt person shall become due 
and payable, but Covered Bondholders may not be able to accelerate their Covered Bonds, upon the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer under the Events of Default
Under Turkish law, banks are heavily regulated institutions and subject to a special insolvency 
regime.  In the event of insolvency of a bank, the BRSA may transfer the control and management of 
the bank to the SDIF or revoke its banking licence.  If the BRSA revokes a bank’s banking licence, the 
control and management of the bank is automatically transferred to the SDIF.  In such circumstances, 
all execution and bankruptcy proceedings previously initiated against the bank would cease and the 
SDIF, at that stage, would be entitled to initiate bankruptcy proceedings against the bank.
The aim of the Covered Bond Communiqué is to ensure continuity of payments to the Covered 
Bondholders and Hedging Counterparties even in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, and therefore 
bankruptcy of the Issuer does not constitute an Event of Default under the Conditions.  There is a 
potential conflict between the Covered Bond Communiqué and Turkish insolvency law in that Turkish 
insolvency law stipulates that, in the event of bankruptcy of any person, all debts and liabilities of such 
person shall become due and payable by operation of law.  Therefore, although Turkish insolvency laws 
state that all debts and liabilities of a bankrupt person shall become due and payable, Covered 
Bondholders may not be able to accelerate their Covered Bonds upon the bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
under the Events of Default.

--- Page 51 ---
37
Remedial regulatory measures may not be sufficient to ensure the Issuer’s continual operation
In addition to the specific measures under the Covered Bond Communiqué, pursuant to Banking 
Law No. 5411, the BRSA shall require the Issuer to take necessary measures to ensure its continuous 
operation as a banking institution if: (i) it is likely that the assets of the Issuer will not meet its 
obligations in terms of maturity; (ii) the Issuer does not comply with the liquidity requirements set out 
under the Turkish banking legislation; (iii) the profitability of the Issuer becomes insufficient for the 
safe performance of its activities, as a result of impaired balance between its revenues and obligations; 
(iv) the Issuer’s shareholders equity is inadequate under the capital adequacy regulations, or such case 
is likely to occur; (v) the quality of assets of the Issuer has deteriorated to adversely impact the financial 
structure of the Issuer; (vi) the Issuer breaches the Turkish banking legislation or the resolutions of the 
BRSA; (vii) the Issuer cannot establish its internal audit, internal control and risk management systems, 
or cannot operate these systems efficiently, or there is any factor that impedes the supervision of the 
BRSA; or (viii) due to deficiencies in the management of the Issuer, the risks addressed under the 
Turkish banking legislation have materially increased or have concentrated to adversely impact the 
financial structure of the Issuer.  However, there can be no assurance that such measures would be 
sufficient to ensure the Issuer’s continuous operation, and, to the extent that such measures are 
insufficient, this may result in a breach of the Statutory Tests which may have an adverse effect on the 
Covered Bonds.
Covered Bondholders share the Cover Pool with Hedging Counterparties and other Secured 
Creditors, the claims of which might negatively affect the ability of the Cover Pool to cover all of the 
amounts payable under the Covered Bonds
The Cover Pool is a segregated pool of assets ring-fenced for the benefit of, among others, the 
Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties.  The Cover Pool provides the Covered 
Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties with a preferential legal claim in respect of the Cover 
Pool.  The fees of any Administrator shall also rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders and the 
Hedging Counterparties.  Under the Covered Bond Communiqué, the fees of the Cover Monitor, the 
Security Agent, the Agents and other relevant third parties will only be paid from the income generated 
from the Cover Pool Assets to the extent that there are Additional Cover Cover Pool Assets included 
for this purpose in the Cover Pool to meet these payments and where this is not the case, such third 
parties will rank pari passu with the other unsecured creditors of the Issuer.  However, the CMB may 
determine that such third parties have a pari passu claim over the portion of the Cover Pool Assets 
which have been included to comply with the contractual overcollateralisation test (as further described 
in “General Description of the Programme—Creation and Administration of the Cover Pool—
Additional Contractual Overcollateralisation”), in which case, such third parties would be able to claim 
alongside Covered Bondholders and Hedging Counterparties in respect of such additional contractual 
overcollateralisation.  The Cover Pool Assets for the purpose of covering third parties’ fee payments 
are not taken into account for the purposes of the Statutory Tests.  To the extent that the claims of 
Covered Bondholders, the Hedging Counterparties, any Administrator, the Security Agent, the Agents 
and other applicable third parties are not met out of the Cover Pool, such parties will have a residual 
claim in respect of the other assets of the Issuer that will rank pari passu with the other unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer.  Therefore, other creditors of the Issuer may also wish to claim against the Issuer, 
alongside the Covered Bondholders and Hedging Counterparties.  See “Summary of the Turkish 
Covered Bonds Legislation”.
No Direct Security Interest in Favour of Covered Bondholders in the Cover Pool – Covered 
Bondholders will not have direct remedies against the Cover Pool
While the Security Assignment covers the Offshore Bank Accounts and certain other assets, 
the Covered Bonds Communiqué does not confer a direct security interest in favour of the Security 
Agent or Covered Bondholders over the Cover Pool, such as an in rem security interest.  As a result, 
the Security Agent and Covered Bondholders are not entitled to any direct remedy against the Cover 
Pool, such as selling the Cover Pool Assets, if the Issuer defaults (including in its payment obligations) 
under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 52 ---
38
Uncertainty of Legal Interpretation – The Covered Bonds Communiqué is untested and thus there is 
uncertainty as to how its provisions will be implemented or interpreted in any legal or regulatory 
proceedings or other relevant practice
The Covered Bonds Communiqué is a relatively new regulation in Turkey and has not yet been 
the subject of any legal proceedings.  In addition, the concept of covered bonds issued under the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué and governed by foreign law was only quite recently introduced to the Turkish 
market and it is not certain how the Covered Bonds Communiqué and the relevant provisions of the 
Turkish insolvency law would be interpreted in judicial, administrative or other relevant practice.  
Furthermore, the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation might be amended or supplemented in a manner 
that affects the Covered Bonds.
Moreover, the interpretation of certain provisions of Turkish law, in particular commercial, 
financial and insolvency laws, is not very well established due to there being little precedent in respect 
of sophisticated commercial and financial transactions between private parties.  These laws are subject 
to changes and interpretation in a manner that cannot currently be foreseen or anticipated, which 
changes might affect the rights and obligations of the Issuer and/or the Secured Creditors arising in 
connection with the Programme.
In addition, any change in legislation or in practice in Turkey, Ireland, the United Kingdom or 
any other relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact: (a) the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
with respect to the Covered Bonds; and/or (b) the market price of the Covered Bonds.
See also “—Market Risks associated with Investments in the Covered Bonds—Enforcement of 
Judgments – Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against the Bank or its 
management”.
Possible Delay in Identifying a Breach – The Cover Monitor calculates the Statutory Tests 
periodically and might not immediately identify a breach of the Covered Bonds Communiqué
Under the Covered Bonds Communiqué, the Issuer is required to comply with certain criteria 
in respect of the assets included in the Cover Pool from time to time.  While the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué requires the Issuer to provide the Cover Monitor with certain information about the assets 
included in the Cover Pool from time to time and the calculations performed (and source of the 
information used in such calculations), the Cover Monitor is only required to monitor certain aspects of 
the Issuer’s compliance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué (see “Summary of the Turkish Covered 
Bonds Legislation”).  The Cover Monitor is required to notify the Issuer if it becomes aware of the 
Issuer’s breach of any such monitored aspects.  However, the ability of the Cover Monitor to monitor 
the Issuer’s compliance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué is dependent upon the Issuer providing 
such information to the Cover Monitor on a timely basis and the Cover Monitor adequately performing 
its role.  If the Cover Monitor encounters any obstruction in its access to any such information and 
documents that it has requested, then it shall promptly notify the CMB.
If the Issuer is unable to meet its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds fully or 
partially, then it is required to disclose such situation on its website.  Other than the Issuer and (to a 
limited extent) the Cover Monitor, no person will be appointed to monitor the Cover Pool or the Issuer’s 
compliance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué and the Transaction Documents.  Accordingly, time 
might pass between the actual occurrence of a breach of the Covered Bonds Communiqué and/or the 
Transaction Documents and the Cover Monitor, the CMB and/or the Covered Bondholders becoming 
aware of such breach.  In addition, any delay in the appointment of an Administrator might result in 
further delays in the maintenance of the Cover Pool and monitoring compliance with the Statutory Tests.
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally:

--- Page 53 ---
39
Extended Maturity Dates – The Issuer’s obligation to redeem a Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds 
on its Final Maturity Date might be extended
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Maturity Date (as defined below) is 
applicable to a Series of Covered Bonds.
If the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date, the 
maturity of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds not redeemed will be extended to 
such other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Extended Maturity Date”).  In that 
event, the Issuer (or the Administrator, as the case may be) may (including with the use of the cash 
generated by the Cover Pool) redeem all or part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Final Maturity Date, up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date.  In that event also, the Covered Bonds will bear interest on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, 
save in respect of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds.
The extension of the maturity of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds from 
the Final Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered 
Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer or the Cover Pool, and no payment 
will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the Conditions.  In 
addition, the extension of the Final Maturity Date will not result in any enforcement action being taken 
in respect of any Cover Pool Assets.
The Cover Pool is shared by all Covered Bondholders.  This means that if an Extended Maturity 
Date is specified as applicable in respect of a particular Series of Covered Bonds, there is a risk that, in 
the event that the Issuer was in financial difficulty, the Covered Bondholders in relation to such Series 
of Covered Bonds would not be paid as quickly as Covered Bondholders in respect of a similar Series 
without an Extended Maturity Date as other Series of Covered Bonds might be paid by the Issuer on 
the Final Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds before any financial difficulty or increased financial 
difficulty were obvious.  After an Event of Default, the Covered Bonds could be accelerated by the 
Covered Bondholders, in which case, Covered Bondholders would seek to recover payments in respect 
of principal and interest from the Cover Pool which it shares with all other Covered Bondholders.  Under 
the Capital Markets Law, the Covered Bonds Communiqué and other relevant capital markets 
legislation of Turkey pursuant to which the Covered Bonds are issued (collectively, the “Turkish 
Covered Bonds Legislation”), the Administrator, if appointed, has wide discretions, including the 
ability to redeem the Covered Bonds early, upon approval from the CMB, as described above under “—
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds Communiqué—In certain circumstances, the CMB may appoint an 
Administrator to manage the Cover Pool and make payments under the Covered Bonds, and such 
Administrator has wide powers, including the ability to redeem the Covered Bonds early if it determines, 
in its discretion, that early redemption is in the best interests of the Covered Bondholders”.
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties – The Hedging Counterparties might not make payments under 
the Hedging Agreements, and/or the Hedging Agreements might be terminated, which might result 
in the value of the Cover Pool being insufficient to ensure payment of all of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Transaction Documents
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest payable on or currency 
risks associated with the Mortgage Assets and/or the Covered Bonds, the Issuer might enter into one or 
more interest rate hedge(s) with one or more interest rate hedge provider(s) and/or one or more currency 
hedge(s) with one or more currency hedge provider(s) under one or more interest rate hedging 
agreement(s) and/or currency hedging agreement(s), respectively.  The rights of the Issuer in, to and 
under such Hedging Agreements form part of the Cover Pool.
If the Issuer does not make timely payments of some or all of the amounts due under any 
Hedging Agreement, then the related Hedging Counterparty might not be obligated to make some or all 
of the corresponding payments to the Issuer under such Hedging Agreement.  If a Hedging Counterparty

--- Page 54 ---
40
is not obligated to make any of such payments, or if it defaults on its obligations to make such payments, 
then the value of the Cover Pool might be insufficient to provide for full payment of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Transaction Documents.
In addition, if any Hedging Agreement is terminated or a new Hedging Agreement is desired, 
the Issuer might have difficulty finding a new or replacement Hedging Counterparty, particularly one 
that will permit the maintenance of the credit rating of the Covered Bonds.  Any of the Hedging 
Agreements might have provisions that permit one or both parties to terminate such Hedging Agreement 
(whether voluntarily, upon the occurrence of certain events or otherwise), or both parties might agree 
to terminate a Hedging Agreement at any time.  Any inability to find a new or replacement Hedging 
Counterparty might have an adverse effect on the Covered Bonds, including their credit rating.
If a Hedging Agreement terminates (in whole or in part), then the Issuer might be obligated to 
make a termination payment under such Hedging Agreement to the relevant Hedging Counterparty.  
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will have sufficient funds available to make such a termination 
payment, nor can there be any assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement Hedging 
Agreement.  If the Issuer is obligated to pay a termination payment under any Hedging Agreement, then 
such termination payment will rank pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds, and thus there 
might be insufficient Cover Pool Assets to make all relevant payments to Covered Bondholders.
If (to the extent applicable) any short-term or long-term debt rating of a Hedging Counterparty 
falls below any minimum short-term or long-term rating level (as the case may be) prescribed in the 
relevant Hedging Agreement, then such Hedging Counterparty might be obligated to take one or more 
of the following actions: (a) provide collateral in support of its obligations under such Hedging 
Agreement; (b) procure a guarantee of its obligations under such Hedging Agreement from an 
appropriately rated entity; (c) procure a replacement counterparty, being another appropriately rated 
entity who takes a transfer of such Hedging Counterparty’s obligations under such Hedging Agreement 
or enters into a replacement Hedging Agreement (it being understood that such replacement Hedging 
Agreement might not be as favourable to the Issuer as the previous Hedging Agreement); and/or (d) 
take such other actions as shall be agreed in such Hedging Agreement.  The timing, extent and 
availability of such action required to be taken might vary based upon the individual requirements of 
the Relevant Rating Agency(ies) applicable at the time such Hedging Agreement was entered into 
and/or the level to which the rating of the relevant Hedging Counterparty has been downgraded.
The Issuer might be obligated under a Hedging Agreement to make payments to the applicable 
Hedging Counterparty before such Hedging Counterparty makes its corresponding payment into a Non-
TL Hedge Collection Account.  As such, and notwithstanding the pro rata and pari passu nature of the 
Total Liabilities, a Hedging Counterparty might be paid (including from the Transaction Security) 
before the Covered Bondholders, which (if such Hedging Counterparty does not then make its 
corresponding payment into a Non-TL Hedge Collection Account) might result in the Covered 
Bondholders receiving less than a pro rata payment with respect to their share of the Total Liabilities.
Copies of Hedging Agreements are available to investors and potential investors in the Covered 
Bonds, including to review any termination events described in the third sub-paragraph of “Summary 
of the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation—Introduction—Derivative Instruments”.
Set-off Risk – Borrowers might have set-off rights that reduce the value of the Mortgage Assets
If the Issuer has entered into transactions (including deposit-holding) with a Borrower of a 
Mortgage Asset, then such Borrower might, under certain conditions, have a right of set-off of its 
obligations under such Mortgage Asset against any amounts owed to it by the Issuer (either outside of 
the bankruptcy of the Issuer or in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer).
In accordance with the Turkish Code of Obligations, set-off between two obligations is possible 
provided that the obligations are: (a) mutual; (b) of the same kind; and (c) due and payable.  In addition, 
the right of set-off must not have been waived contractually by the debtor nor excluded by law.

--- Page 55 ---
41
Consequently, this risk should be given consideration based upon its potential impact on the 
realisable value of the Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool.  While the Cover Pool envisages 
overcollateralisation ratios above statutory requirements, no assurance can be given that, if the right of 
set-off has been duly exercised by one or more Borrower(s) of the Mortgage Assets, the value of the 
Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay all amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds.
Further Issues – The Bank may issue further Covered Bonds without the consent of Covered 
Bondholders 
Save where to do so would reduce the credit rating of the then outstanding Covered Bonds or 
while an Issuer Event is occurring, the Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders, create and issue further covered bonds having terms and conditions 
the same as the existing Covered Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon, the date from which interest starts to accrue, the issue date and the 
issue price, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Covered 
Bonds; provided that, (a) there is no Potential Breach of Statutory Test, Issuer Event or Event of Default 
outstanding and that such issuance would not cause a Potential Breach of Statutory Test, Issuer Event 
or Event of Default, (b) the Issuer notifies each Relevant Rating Agency of any Series of Covered Bonds 
of the issuance not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant issuance, (c) if applicable, such 
issuance has been approved by the CMB in accordance with the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation 
and (d) if a Hedging Agreement is in place with respect to such outstanding Covered Bonds, a further 
Hedging Agreement (or amendment or other modification of such existing Hedging Agreement) is 
entered into with respect to such further Covered Bonds.
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders 
or any other Secured Creditors create and issue a separate series of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme subject to satisfaction of sub-paragraphs (a) and (c) referred to in the proviso to the 
immediately preceding paragraph.
Notwithstanding the preceding two paragraphs, in order to issue any other series of Covered 
Bonds or any further tranche of an outstanding series of Covered Bonds, a Rating Agency Confirmation 
from the Relevant Rating Agency(ies) of any outstanding series of Covered Bonds is required to be 
obtained unless the new issuance is denominated and payable in Turkish Lira.
Modifications of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents without the consent of Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders
The 
Security 
Assignment 
(which 
incorporates 
mutatis 
mutandis 
Clause 
32 
(Modifications/Amendments) of the Agency Agreement) and Condition 17.2 (Modification) of the 
Conditions, as applicable, provides that the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree (without the consent 
of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders) to inter alia, any modification of any of the Conditions 
or any Transaction Document which is, in the opinion of the Issuer: (i) of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or that is made for the purpose of curing or correcting any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other defective provision contained herein or therein; 
(ii) not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the Hedging 
Counterparties (in each case considered (1) as a whole and not individually and (2) from a contractual 
perspective); or (iii) to implement changes required as a result of any amendment, restatement, 
modification or other change to the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation or any other mandatorily 
applicable law, provided that each Relevant Rating Agency has been notified in writing in respect of 
such amendment not less than five London Business Days prior to the proposed amendment.  Such 
amendments might negatively affect one or more of the Covered Bondholders or other Secured 
Creditors.

--- Page 56 ---
42
Modifications, waivers and substitution
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Covered Bondholders, including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  As a result, such 
binding decisions made by majorities of Covered Bondholders may be adverse to the interests of 
potential investors.
The terms of certain of the Transaction Documents provide that, in certain circumstances, the 
Issuer or the Security Agent, as applicable: (a) can (without the consent of any of the Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders) make certain revisions to the Transaction Documents so long as a 
Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained; and (b) must obtain a Rating Agency Confirmation before 
taking certain actions proposed to be taken.  As a result, such revisions or actions might be taken without 
the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders and might adversely affect one or more of the Covered 
Bondholders.
Any Rating Agency Confirmation might or might not be given at the sole discretion of each 
Relevant Rating Agency.  It also should be noted that, depending upon the timing of delivery of the 
request and any information needed to be provided as part of any such request, it might be the case that 
a Relevant Rating Agency cannot provide a Rating Agency Confirmation in the time available or at all, 
and the Relevant Rating Agency will not be responsible for the consequences thereof.  Such 
confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the Relevant Rating Agency’s understanding of the 
facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time and in the context of cumulative changes to the 
Programme.  A Rating Agency Confirmation represents only a restatement of the opinions given, and 
is given on the basis that it will not be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction.
Appointment of a Covered Bondholder Representative
In order for the Covered Bondholders to direct or instruct the Security Agent under the 
Transaction Documents and the Transaction Security Documents to which the Security Agent is a party, 
the Majority Instructing Creditor shall appoint the Covered Bondholder Representative on such terms 
as the Majority Instructing Creditor thinks fit, to act as the representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
The Security Agency Agreement and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings 
of Covered Bondholders to appoint the Covered Bondholder Representative.
In order for the Majority Instructing Creditor to appoint the Covered Bondholder 
Representative, the Issuer shall, if required by any Covered Bondholder or the Security Agent, as 
applicable, convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders for the purposes of appointing a Covered 
Bondholder Representative (an “Appointment Meeting”) and, if the Issuer fails for a period of seven 
days to convene the Appointment Meeting, the Appointment Meeting may be convened by such 
Covered Bondholder or the Security Agent, as applicable.  If the required quorum for appointing the 
Covered Bondholder Representative is not achieved at the Appointment Meeting, the Appointment 
Meeting shall be dissolved and it will not be possible for the Covered Bondholders to provide 
instructions or directions to the Security Agent until such time as an Appointment Meeting with the 
required quorum present has been held and a Covered Bondholder Representative has been appointed.
The appointment of the Covered Bondholder Representative: (a) by the Majority Instructing 
Creditor at an Appointment Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held; (b) by the 
Majority Instructing Creditor as a resolution in writing; or (c) by the Majority Instructing Creditor by 
way of electronic consents given through the relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form acceptable to the 
Fiscal Agent) shall be binding upon all the Covered Bondholders, whether present or not present at the 
Appointment Meeting referred to in sub-paragraph (a) above or whether or not they have signed the 
written resolution referred to in sub-paragraph (b) above or consented electronically as referred to in 
sub-paragraph (c) above and whether or not voting and binding upon all Couponholders, and each of 
them shall be bound to give effect to the appointment of the Covered Bondholder Representative

--- Page 57 ---
43
accordingly, and the passing of any such resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances 
justify the appointment of the Covered Bondholder Representative.
The Security Agent shall be entitled to act in relation to all matters arising under the Transaction 
Documents and the Transaction Security Documents to which the Security Agent is a party as soon as 
it has received any instruction, direction and/or request from the Covered Bondholder Representative 
(subject in all cases to the requirement for the Security Agent to first have been pre-funded and/or 
secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction) and if the Covered Bondholders are unable to appoint a 
Covered Bondholder Representative, then the Security Agent shall not be obliged to take any such 
action.
Security and Insolvency Considerations – The assignment under the Security Assignment might be 
negatively affected by a bankruptcy of the Issuer
Pursuant to the Security Assignment, the obligations of the Issuer to the Secured Creditors, 
including its obligations under the Covered Bonds, are secured by the Security Assignment Security; 
provided that, notwithstanding such assignment, the Issuer is entitled to exercise its rights in respect of 
the English Law Transaction Documents, but subject to the provisions of the English Law Transaction 
Documents and certain provisions of the Security Assignment.  In certain circumstances, including the 
occurrence of certain insolvency events in respect of the Issuer, the ability to realise any such security 
might be delayed and/or the value of the security impaired.
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not become insolvent and/or the subject of 
insolvency proceedings and/or that the Covered Bondholders would not be adversely affected by the 
application of insolvency laws (including Turkish insolvency laws) with respect to an insolvency of the 
Issuer.
Redemption for Taxation Reasons – The Bank will have the right to redeem the Covered Bonds upon 
the occurrence of certain changes requiring it to pay withholding taxes in excess of current levels, if 
any, applicable to interest or other payments on the Covered Bonds
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds issued by Turkish legal 
entities outside of Turkey varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as specified under 
Decree No. 2009/14592 dated 12 January 2009, which has been amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 
dated 20 December 2010, Decree No. 2011/1854 dated 26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 
dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax Decrees”).  Pursuant to the Tax Decrees: (a) with respect to 
bonds with a maturity of less than one year, the withholding tax rate on interest is 7%; (b) with respect 
to bonds with a maturity of at least one and less than three years, the withholding tax rate on interest is 
3%; and (c) with respect to bonds with a maturity of three years and more, the withholding tax rate on 
interest is 0%.  Also, in the case of early redemption, the redemption date might be considered to be the 
maturity date and (if so) higher withholding tax rates might apply accordingly.  The Bank will have the 
right to redeem the Covered Bonds at any time (including in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
prior to their maturity date if, upon the occurrence: (i) of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9.1 (Payment without Withholding)); or 
(ii) any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, on the next Interest Payment 
Date the Bank would be required: (A) to pay additional amounts in respect of such Series of Covered 
Bonds as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) on account of any Taxes (as defined in 
Condition 9.1 (Payment without Withholding)); and (B) to make any withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in 
excess of the prevailing applicable rates on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, and such requirement cannot be avoided by the Bank 
taking reasonable measures available to it.  Upon such a redemption, investors in such Series of Covered 
Bonds might not be able to reinvest the amounts received at a rate that will provide the same rate of

--- Page 58 ---
44
return as their investment in the Covered Bonds and, in the case of any Floating Rate Covered Bonds, 
the redemption could take place on any relevant date during an Interest Period.
This redemption feature is also likely to limit the market value of the Covered Bonds at any 
time when the Bank has the right to redeem them as provided above, as the market value at such time 
will generally not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may similarly 
be true in the period before such time when any relevant change in law or regulation is yet to become 
effective.
Optional Redemption – If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds at its option, this 
may limit the market value of the Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Covered Bonds.  During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered 
Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may 
similarly be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Covered Bonds.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered 
Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors may need to open a bank account in the 
Specified Currency or payment may be made in a currency other than as elected by a Covered 
Bondholder or the currency in which payment is made may affect the value of the Covered Bonds or 
such payment to the relevant Covered Bondholder
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Covered Bonds held other than through DTC, unless 
an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars, as provided in Condition 7.8 (U.S. dollar Exchange and 
Payments on Turkish Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held other than through DTC), is made, 
holders of such Covered Bonds might need to open and maintain a Turkish Lira-denominated bank 
account, and no assurance can be given that Covered Bondholders will be able to do so either in or 
outside of Turkey.  For so long as such Covered Bonds are in global form, any Covered Bondholder 
who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to transfer Turkish Lira funds (whether from 
payments on, or the proceeds of any sale of, such Covered Bonds) from its account at a clearing system 
to which any such payment is made.
Under Condition 7.8 (U.S. dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-Denominated 
Covered Bonds held other than through DTC), if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Bank 
in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated Covered Bonds held other than through DTC after the relevant 
time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent will use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. 
dollar amounts that Covered Bondholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter.  If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Fiscal 
Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with any Turkish Lira funds received, then the relevant payments in 
respect of such Covered Bonds will be made in Turkish Lira.
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish 
Lira-denominated Covered Bonds for the purposes of Condition 7.8 (U.S. dollar Exchange and 
Payments on Turkish Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held other than through DTC) is irrevocable: 
(a) its exercise may (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of the applicable Covered Bonds; (b) a 
Covered Bondholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes in exchange 
rates or other market conditions; and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the conversion 
of the amount paid by the Issuer in Turkish Lira, then Covered Bondholders will receive the relevant 
amount in Turkish Lira.

--- Page 59 ---
45
For Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars that are held 
through DTC, if a Covered Bondholder wishes to receive payment in that Specified Currency, then it 
would need to open and maintain a bank account in the Specified Currency.  Any Covered Bondholder 
who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to receive payments on such Covered Bonds 
in the Specified Currency.  Absent an affirmative election to receive such payments in the Specified 
Currency, the Fiscal Agent will convert any such payment made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency 
into U.S. dollars and the holders of such Covered Bonds will receive payment in U.S. dollars through 
DTC’s normal procedures.  See Condition 7.9 (Payments on Covered Bonds Held through DTC in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars).
Covered Bondholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other person for any 
reduction in value to the holder of any relevant Covered Bonds or any payment made in respect of such 
Covered Bonds as a result of such payment being made in the Specified Currency or in accordance with 
any currency election made by that holder, including as a result of any foreign exchange rate spreads, 
conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of such payment into any currency other 
than the Specified Currency.  Such exchange and any fees and commissions related thereto, or payment 
made in the Specified Currency, may result in a Covered Bondholder receiving an amount that is less 
than the amount that such Covered Bondholder might have obtained had it received the payment in the 
Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had been made 
in accordance with the relevant currency election.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Covered Bonds and may be adversely affected if definitive bearer Covered Bonds are subsequently 
required to be issued
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds in global form that have denominations consisting of 
a minimum specified denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (a “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that such Covered Bonds may be traded in 
amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing 
a principal amount of Covered Bonds at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with 
the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Bearer Covered Bond issued in 
definitive form (a “Bearer Definitive Covered Bond”) in respect of such holding (should such Covered 
Bonds be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds at or in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.
If Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, holders should be aware that Bearer Definitive 
Covered Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of Covered Bonds will be subject to certain restrictions and 
interests in Global Covered Bonds can only be held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Although the Covered Bonds have been authorised by the CMB pursuant to Decree 32 
regarding the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency and the Capital Markets Law and related 
legislation as debt securities to be offered outside of Turkey, the Covered Bonds have not been and are 
not expected to be registered under any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws, or any 
applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory authorities.  The offering of the Covered Bonds (or 
beneficial interests therein) will be made outside of the United States pursuant to exemptions from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and from any applicable state or local securities laws.  
Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and other transfers of investments in the Covered Bonds may be

--- Page 60 ---
46
subject to certain transfer restrictions.  Each investor is advised to consult its legal advisers in connection 
with any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer.
Pursuant to the Debt Instruments Communiqué, the Issuer is required to notify the Central 
Securities Depository of Turkey (Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu) (the “CSD” or “Central Securities 
Depository”) within three Istanbul business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of 
Covered Bonds of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement date, maturity date, 
interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of such Covered Bonds and the country of issuance.
Because transfers of interests in the Bearer Global Covered Bonds and Registered Global 
Covered Bonds (each a “Global Covered Bond”) can be effected only through book entries at DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (as applicable) for the accounts of their respective 
participants, the liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the Global Covered Bonds may 
be reduced to the extent that some investors are unwilling or unable to invest in Covered Bonds held in 
book-entry form in the name of a participant in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable.  
The ability to pledge interests in the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) may be limited due 
to the lack of a physical certificate.  In the event of the insolvency of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Covered Bonds are 
recorded, the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest 
on the Covered Bonds may be impaired.
The value of the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by a change in laws of England and 
Wales, Turkish law or administrative practice
The Conditions of the Covered Bonds are based on the laws of England and Wales and Turkish 
law and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England and Wales, 
Turkish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Covered Bonds affected by it.  See also “—Risks relating 
to the Covered Bonds Communiqué—Uncertainty of Legal Interpretation – The Covered Bonds 
Communiqué is untested and thus there is uncertainty as to how its provisions will be implemented or 
interpreted in any legal or regulatory proceedings or other relevant practice”.
The Global Covered Bonds are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
The Covered Bonds will be represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds, except in 
certain limited circumstances described in the Global Covered Bonds that may be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined previously in this Base 
Prospectus).  Except in the circumstances described in each Global Covered Bond, investors will not 
be entitled to receive Covered Bonds in definitive form.  Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each Global Covered Bond held through it.  While the Covered Bonds are represented by a 
Global Covered Bond, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing systems and their respective participants.
While the Covered Bonds are represented by Global Covered Bonds, the Bank will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making payments through the relevant clearing 
systems.  A holder of a beneficial interest in the Global Covered Bonds must rely on the procedures of 
the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Covered Bonds.  The 
Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds.
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote 
in respect of the Covered Bonds so represented.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to 
the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint 
appropriate proxies.

--- Page 61 ---
47
Market Risks associated with Investments in the Covered Bonds
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk:
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be 
established or may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could 
sell his Covered Bonds
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop.  If a market for the Covered Bonds does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly 
the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds.
Interest Rate Risk – The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements 
in market interest rates
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect 
the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, LIBOR 
or TRLIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  It will, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised 
entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of EURIBOR, LIBOR or 
TRLIBOR are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation.  Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR, LIBOR or TRLIBOR.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent certain benchmarks will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors 
may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR,

--- Page 62 ---
48
LIBOR or TRLIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) 
leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  Any of the above changes, or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR, LIBOR or 
TRLIBOR).
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing 
EURIBOR, LIBOR or TRLIBOR.
Future discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
which reference LIBOR
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, 
which regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to 
compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 
2021.  The announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not 
guaranteed after 2021.  It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel banks will 
continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going forward.  This may cause 
LIBOR to perform differently than it did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference LIBOR will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds.  Depending on the manner in 
which the LIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the 
LIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or 
(ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the 
rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR was available.  Any of the foregoing could have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered Bonds which 
reference LIBOR.
The market price of the Covered Bonds may be volatile
The market price of the Covered Bonds could be subject to significant fluctuations in response 
to actual or anticipated variations in the Group’s operating results, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by 
securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of Covered Bonds, as well as other 
factors, including the trading market for notes issued by or on behalf of the Republic of Turkey as a 
sovereign borrower.  In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced 
significant price and volume fluctuations which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the 
market price of the Covered Bonds without regard to the Group’s results of operations or financial 
condition.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds) or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional 
interest bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 63 ---
49
Financial turmoil in emerging markets could cause the price of the Covered Bonds to suffer
Turkey is considered by international investors to be an emerging market.  In general, investing 
in the securities of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging markets, like Turkey, involves a 
higher degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the 
United States, the countries of the EU or similar jurisdictions.  The market price of the Covered Bonds 
is influenced by economic and market conditions in Turkey and, to a varying degree, economic and 
market conditions in both emerging market countries and more developed economies.  Financial turmoil 
in emerging markets in the past have adversely affected market prices in the world’s securities markets 
for companies that operate in developing economies.  Even if the Turkish economy remains relatively 
stable, financial turmoil in these countries could materially adversely affect the market price of the 
Covered Bonds.
Enforcement of Judgments – Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against the 
Bank or its management
The Bank is a public joint stock company organised under the laws of Turkey.  Many of the 
Bank’s directors and executive officers are residents of Turkey and a substantial portion of the assets 
of the Bank and such persons are located in Turkey.  As a result, it may be difficult for investors to 
effect service of process upon the Bank or such persons outside Turkey, or to enforce judgments or 
arbitral awards obtained against such parties outside Turkey.
Under the International Private and Procedure Law of the Republic of Turkey (Law No. 5718), 
a judgment of a court established in a country other than the Republic of Turkey may not be enforced 
in Turkish courts in certain circumstances.  Although Turkish courts have recognised enforceable 
judgments of English courts on the basis that there is de facto reciprocity between the United Kingdom 
and Turkey with respect to enforcement of judgments of their respective courts, there is no treaty 
between the United Kingdom and Turkey setting out the reciprocal enforcement of judgments expressly.  
For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process”.
The Conditions of the Covered Bonds are governed by English law and the terms are specified 
with reference to that law as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  Similarly, the enforcement 
rights of the Covered Bondholders against the Bank and its assets in Turkey assume the application of 
Turkish law as presently in effect.  Any possible judicial decision or change to English or Turkish law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus may impact the Covered Bonds.
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in 
the event of bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira.  The relevant exchange rate for 
determining the Turkish Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s 
exchange rate that is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in 
accordance with Turkish law. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls – If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not 
denominated in the investor’s home currency, such investor will be exposed to movements in 
exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Covered Bonds
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the currency or currencies 
as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of a private 
placement) the relevant Covered Bondholder(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) (the 
“Specified Currency”).  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to a devaluation of the Specified Currency or a revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency

--- Page 64 ---
50
may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the 
Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered 
Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal.  An investor may also not be able to convert (at a reasonable 
exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the Specified Currency into the Investor’s Currency, which 
could materially adversely affect the market value of the Covered Bonds.  There may also be tax 
consequences for investors.
Credit ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks 
associated with an investment in those Covered Bonds
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the 
Covered Bonds.  Any ratings of the Bank or the Group may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the Covered Bonds, the global financial market, the Turkish banking sector, other factors 
described in this Base Prospectus or any other risks.  Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds do 
not necessarily mean that they are a suitable investment.  A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.  The ratings do not address the marketability of the Covered Bonds or any market price.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  If the 
status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes, European regulated investors may no 
longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Covered Bonds may have a different 
regulatory treatment.  This may result in European regulated investors selling the Covered Bonds which 
may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and any secondary market.  The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
51
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS
The Bank is a public joint stock company under the Turkish Commercial Code.  Substantially 
all of the assets of the Bank are located in Turkey.  As a result, it may not be possible for investors to 
effect service of process upon the Bank outside Turkey or to enforce against it in the courts of 
jurisdictions other than Turkey any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws 
of such other jurisdictions.  In order to enforce such judgments in Turkey, investors should initiate 
enforcement proceedings before the competent Turkish courts.  In accordance with Articles 50 to 59 of 
Turkey’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), the courts of Turkey will not 
enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other than Turkey unless:
(a)
there is in effect a treaty between such country and Turkey providing for reciprocal 
enforcement of court judgments;
(b)
there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts; 
or
(c)
there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of 
judgments of Turkish courts.
There is no treaty between Turkey and the United Kingdom providing for reciprocal 
enforcement of judgments.  Turkish courts have rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto 
reciprocity between Turkey and England, and English law sets out certain criteria on satisfaction of 
which the courts of England and Wales may enforce foreign court judgments by way of summary 
proceedings, without substantive re-examination of the matters adjudicated upon; however, since de 
facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty as to the 
enforceability of court judgments obtained in England by Turkish courts.  Moreover, there is uncertainty 
as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in Turkey based upon non-Turkish securities 
laws.
In addition, the courts of Turkey will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established 
in a country other than Turkey if:
(a)
the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental 
procedural rights were not observed;
(b)
the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of Turkey;
(c)
the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Turkey between the same 
parties and relating to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign 
judgment on the same issue and enforceable in Turkey;
(d)
the judgment is not of a civil nature;
(e)
the judgment is clearly against the public policy rules of Turkey;
(f)
the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar 
revision process under the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered; 
or
(g)
the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even 
though it has no actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand.
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in 
the event of bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira.  The relevant exchange rate for 
determining the Turkish Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s

--- Page 66 ---
52
exchange rate that is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in 
accordance with Turkish law.
In connection with the Programme or any issuance of Covered Bonds, service of process may 
be made upon the Bank at Beko plc (with a current address of Beko House, 1 Greenhill Crescent, 
Watford Herts, WD18 8QU, United Kingdom) in relation to any proceedings in England and Wales in 
connection with any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.

--- Page 67 ---
53
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents that have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(a)
the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements 
and related notes of the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the 
audit report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at:
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2020/31122020_consolidated_financials.pdf;
(b)
the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements 
and related notes of the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the 
audit report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at:
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2019/yk_consolidated_financials_31_december_2019.pdf;
(c)
the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements 
and related notes of the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2018 and the 
audit report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at:
https://www.yapikredi.com.tr/medium/file/31-december-2018-consolidated-
financials_51323/download;
(d)
the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements 
and related notes of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the 
audit report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at:
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2020/31122020_unconsolidated_financials.pdf;
(e)
the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements 
and related notes of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the 
audit report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at:
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2019/yk_unconsolidated_financials_31_december_2019.pdf;
(f)
the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements 
and related notes of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2018 and the 
audit report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s website at:
https://www.yapikredi.com.tr/medium/file/31-december-2018-unconsolidated-
financials_51325/download;
(g)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 111 to 152 of the base prospectus dated 3 
February 2020 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds”, which may be obtained from the following url:
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_cdfd1a08-080e-4e0e-ad98-
77e8ee403967.PDF;

--- Page 68 ---
54
(h)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 122 to 163 of the base prospectus dated 
22 January 2019 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds”, which may be obtained from the following url:
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3779311c-5dc9-4200-9843-
b7f2bca71704.PDF;
(i)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 115 to 156 of the base prospectus dated 
24 January 2018 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds”, which may be obtained from the following url:
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/F+Base+Prospectus+cln+24.01.2018_e6ef8edc-9838-4c70-
9ad4-05967388a9b3.PDF; and
(j)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 108 to 149 of the base prospectus dated 
21 October 2016 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds”, which may be obtained from the following url:
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_4321555a-93d5-460e-ad9f-
9ee73ff6b4e4.PDF,
which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and to form part of this Base Prospectus.  No other 
part of the Issuer’s website forms a part of, or is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.  Any documents 
themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of the Covered Bonds.  Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in 
any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 69 ---
55
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of the Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.
The Bank appointed PwC as its independent auditor effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a 
term of three years. The Bank has twice renewed PwC’s appointment as independent auditor for an 
additional term of one year, effective as of 1 January 2020 and 25 March 2021.

--- Page 70 ---
56
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP AND THE PROGRAMME
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the Financial 
Statements.  Prospective investors should see “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain factors that 
should be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests 
therein).
Overview 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey.  It 
was established on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial 
Code, the Banking Law and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years.
According to BRSA statistics, as 31 December 2020, the Bank was the third largest private 
bank in Turkey by total assets and ranked third among private banks in total cash loans (loans other 
than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 16.1% market share among private 
banks and an 8.1% market share in the overall banking sector (compared with a market share of 8.7% 
as of 31 December 2019 and 9.2% as of 31 December 2018) and fourth among private banks in total 
deposits with a 14.2% market share (compared with a market share of 15.2% as of 31 December 2019 
and 16.1% as of 31 December 2018).  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 835 branches covering 
all regions of Turkey (including one branch in Bahrain).  It maintains market leading positions in key 
segments and products supported by its strong franchise, large network and leading brand.  The Group 
is organised into three segments: (i) retail banking; (ii) corporate and commercial banking; and (iii) 
private banking and wealth management.  The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and 
international subsidiaries.  The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul.
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array 
of alternative distribution channels (“ADCs”) including 4,535 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” 
ATMs with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Turkey with a 9.0% market 
share according to the Inter-bank Card Centre), award-winning digital banking with 7.4 million 
customers as of 31 December 2020, a leading position in mobile banking with 7.0 million customers as 
of 31 December 2020, as well as three award-winning call centres according to the Banks Association 
of Turkey.  See “Business of the Bank—Distribution Network—Alternative Channels”.  As of 31 
December 2020, the Group had 16,938 employees, of which 16,037 were employees of the Bank 
(representing 8.6% market share).  This compares to 17,466 and 18,448 employees as of 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively, of which 16,631 and 17,577 were employees of the Bank.  
Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Azerbaijan, 
Malta and a branch in Bahrain.
The Group had total assets of TL 486.5 billion (U.S.$66.3 billion) as of 31 December 2020 
compared with TL 411 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 373 billion as of 31 December 2018.
According to the BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group 
had operating income of TL 16,987 million (U.S.$2,314 million) compared to TL 13,566 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 and TL 13,352 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.  For 
the period ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s cost to income ratio was 33.4% and operating cost 
growth was 17% year-over-year.  For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s cost to income 
ratio was 33.4%, compared to 34.9% in 2019.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s costs divided by 
average assets ratio realised at 1.9% versus 1.9% as of 31 December 2019 and 1.9% as of 31 December 
2018.  The Group’s fees divided by operating costs ratio reached 67% in the period ended 31 December 
2020. 
The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology 
and a committed workforce, delivering responsible growth.  A main strategy of the Group is achieving

--- Page 71 ---
57
best-in-class profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable 
shareholder returns.
The Group’s net profit was TL 5,080 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ 
equity (excluding intangible assets) was 12.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020, compared with 
TL 3,600 million and 9.8% for the year ended 31 December 2019 and TL 4,668 million and 14.2% for 
the year ended 31 December 2018. The increase was primarily driven by successful asset liability 
management and trading activities as well as significant contribution from CPI linker income in 2020. 
The banking sector’s return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 10.5%, 10.6% and 13.9% for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
respectively. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s return on average assets ratio was at 1.1%, 
compared to 0.9% as of 31 December 2019 and 1.4% as of 31 December 2018.
Organisation
The Bank’s operations are carried out through two main segments: (1) retail banking, which 
includes the Bank’s card payment systems, individual banking, private banking and wealth 
management, and SME banking segments; and (2) corporate and commercial banking.  The Bank’s 
service model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries.
Key Competitive Advantages
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages 
that enable it to compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including:

Leading market positions in key segments and products.
The Bank is the third largest privately owned bank in Turkey by assets, with leading 
market positions in Turkey in credit cards (with a market share of 16.8% in credit card volume 
outstanding as of 31 December 2020).

Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet.
The Group has total assets that incorporate a high proportion of loans (58% as of 31 
December 2020) and a low proportion of securities (16% as of 31 December 2020).
The Group aims to reduce the concentration in lending and deposits and spread out 
with smaller balances. The Group is focused on improving its loan book mix towards more 
value generating areas. In this respect the Bank seeks to maintain balanced growth between 
lower value lending, and larger (corporate and commercial) lending on its loan book.

Large network and leading brand.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 835 branches (including one branch in Bahrain, 
but excluding its international presence through its overseas subsidiaries; the Group had 867 
branches including its international presence). As of 31 December 2020, the Group had a solid 
distribution platform, including the sixth largest branch network in Turkey according to the 
Turkish Banking Association, with a market share of 8.4% (as compared to 8.3% as of 31 
December 2019 and 8.2% as of 31 December 2018). As of 31 December 2020, the Group had 
innovative ADCs including 4,535 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs with cash 
deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Turkey with an 9.0% market share 
according to the Inter-bank Card Center (“BKM”) (8.5% as of 31 December 2019 and 8.6% as 
of 31 December 2018). Digital banking with 7.4 million active customers, a leading position in 
mobile banking with 7.0 million active customers according to the Turkish Banking 
Association as of 31 December 2020. The Group’s share of main banking products sold through 
digital platforms is 97% as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 72 ---
58

Strong commitment to risk management.
The Group has a conservative risk management strategy with solid credit risk 
infrastructure, underwriting and monitoring systems. The Group avoids speculative open 
foreign exchange positions and maintains liquidity ratios well above the regulatory levels. As 
of 31 December 2020, the Group’s capital adequacy ratio according to the BRSA statistics was 
17.2% (or 16.7% without Temporary Forbearances) and 18.2% (or 17.6% without Temporary 
Forbearances), on a Bank-only basis. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had limited 
intragroup exposure, at 11.2% of its capital, as compared with the 12.9% regulatory limit. The 
Group’s loan book is diversified, with its top 20 loans amounting to only 15.7% of its loan book 
as of 31 December 2020.

Diversified, high quality revenue mix.
The Group believes it has a sustainable revenue base, with a high share of fees in total 
revenues amounting to 22% for the year ended 31 December 2020, and that it has the capacity 
to effectively manage net interest margin through dynamic pricing. The Group aims to reduce 
its concentration in lending and deposits, spreading out with smaller tickets, and focus on 
transaction banking in commission generation.

Strong and committed significant shareholder.
The Koç Group is the Group’s largest shareholder, holding a 49.97% interest in the 
Group. Support from the Koç Group provides stability and helps to maximise the Bank’s growth 
potential. The Koç Group, established in 1926, is the largest conglomerate in Turkey. It has 
strong positions in the energy, automotive and finance sectors in Turkey as well as in consumer 
durables both domestically and internationally, enabling potential synergies with the Group. As 
of 31 December 2020, the Group had limited intragroup exposure, at 11.2% of its capital, as 
compared with the regulatory limit of 20%.
Strategy
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its goal 
of becoming a leader in the finance sector.  The Bank’s mission is to ensure long-term sustainable 
growth and value creation for all stakeholders and to become the first choice for customers and 
employees.
Principles
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles:
Healthy and consistent growth

Focus on core banking activities, growth in value generating segments and products, 
continuous improvement in commercial effectiveness, expansion of market presence 
and funding diversification to sustain long-term performance.
Strong and sustainable profitability

Address specific customer needs via segment-based service model, optimise cost to 
serve to improve competitiveness and maintain effective cost, risk and capital 
management.

--- Page 73 ---
59
Superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction

Enhance an easy-to work with approach through continuous investments in technology 
and delivery channels while maintaining focus on innovation, employee satisfaction 
and loyalty.
Key strategic objectives

The Bank aims to achieve a sustainable performance through sustained customer-
orientation. The Bank expects to continue its strong performance through the following 
key long-term strategic pillars:
Growth and Commercial Effectiveness

Value-generating loan growth with a focus on general purpose loans, mortgages and 
SMEs in retail lending, together with selective growth in corporate/commercial lending 
with a focus on higher yielding mid-commercial and project finance.

Improvements in efficiency and cost containment alongside significant investments.

Fee generation and customer penetration through continued focus on retail business 
and cross-selling.
Funding and Capital

Emphasis on further strengthening deposit base and diversifying funding sources.

Effective loan/deposit ratio management.

Efficient capital utilisation with a focus on targeted growth in value generating 
segments and capital strengthening actions.
Efficiency and Cost Optimisation

Disciplined cost approach and lower cost to serve.

Optimisation of physical presence.

Multi-channel approach and continuation of investments in growth initiatives with 
increased development of ADCs as sales channels.
Risk Management

Dynamic and proactive portfolio management.

Investments/enhancements to maintain cost of risk through the cycle levels.

Early collections via capacity increase.

Continuous enhancements of risks systems, especially in consumer and SME segments.

Further improvements in quality of new loan generation.
Sustainability

Customer/employee satisfaction and loyalty.

Investments in technology and innovation.

--- Page 74 ---
60

Enhance easy to work with approach.

--- Page 75 ---
61
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980.
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview.
PRINCIPAL PARTIES
Issuer ..............................................
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) ..............................................
B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12
Arrangers.......................................
NATIXIS (“Natixis”), UniCredit Bank AG (“UniCredit”) 
and/or any other arrangers appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement (together the 
“Arrangers” and, each of them, an “Arranger”).
Dealer(s) .........................................
Natixis, UniCredit and/or any other dealers appointed from 
time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement.  
Notwithstanding the appointment of Dealer(s) to the 
Programme, Covered Bonds may be placed directly with 
investors by the Issuer as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, and all descriptions of the Programme in this Base 
Prospectus shall be interpreted accordingly.
Cover Monitor...............................
A reputable institution (the “Cover Monitor”) appointed from 
time to time pursuant to the Cover Monitor Agreement as an 
independent 
monitor 
to 
perform 
certain 
tests 
and 
recalculations in respect of the Statutory Tests when required 
in accordance with the requirements of the Turkish Covered 
Bonds Legislation.
The initial Cover Monitor is KPMG Bağımsız Denetim ve 
Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi (KPMG 
Türkiye).
Offshore Account Bank ................
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acts as the 
offshore account bank pursuant to the Offshore Bank Account 
Agreement (with its successors in such capacity, the 
“Offshore Account Bank”).
The Non-TL Designated Account(s), the Hedge Collateral 
Account(s), the Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) and the 
Agency Account (together with any additional or replacement 
accounts opened in the name of the Issuer or the Security 
Agent, as applicable, and/or for the benefit of the Secured 
Creditors (or, with respect to the Agency Account, the Reserve 
Fund Secured Creditors) under the Offshore Bank Account 
Agreement, the “Offshore Bank Accounts”) have been

--- Page 76 ---
62
and/or will be established and maintained with the Offshore 
Account Bank.
In the event that the Offshore Account Bank ceases to meet 
the minimum rating required for such institution, the Issuer 
and the Security Agent will use their respective commercially 
reasonable endeavours to procure that the Offshore Bank 
Accounts are transferred to another financial institution which 
has the required ratings. 
Transfer Agent ..............................
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
has been appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement as 
transfer agent (with its successors in such capacity, the 
“Transfer Agent”).
Registrar.........................................
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
has been appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement as 
registrar (with its successors in such capacity, the 
“Registrar”).
Exchange Agent.............................
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch has been 
appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement as exchange 
agent (with its successors in such capacity, the “Exchange 
Agent”).
Calculation Agent..........................
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch has been 
appointed pursuant to the Calculation Agency Agreement as 
calculation agent (with its successors in such capacity, the 
“Calculation Agent”).
Fiscal Agent ...................................
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch has been 
appointed to act as fiscal agent and principal paying agent 
(with its successors in such capacity, the “Fiscal Agent”) in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (together with any other paying 
agent appointed from time to time pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, the “Paying Agents”).
Security Agent ...............................
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch has been 
appointed as security agent (with its successors in such 
capacity, the “Security Agent”) to hold the benefit of all of 
the Non-Statutory Security for the Covered Bondholders and 
the other Secured Creditors under the Transaction Security 
Documents.  Such appointment has been made pursuant to the 
Security Agency Agreement dated the Programme Closing 
Date made between the Issuer and the Security Agent (the 
“Security Agency Agreement”).  See “—Programme 
Description—Security for the Covered Bonds”.
Hedging Counterparties ...............
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into Hedging 
Agreements (as defined in “Description of the Transaction 
Documents—Hedging Agreements”) with one or more hedge 
provider(s) to hedge certain interest rate risks and/or currency 
risks (each a “Hedging Counterparty”) associated with the 
Cover Pool and/or the Covered Bonds.  The rights of the Issuer 
under any such Hedging Agreement shall form part of the 
Cover Pool.

--- Page 77 ---
63
Hedging agreements that do not satisfy the requirements of 
Article 11 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué will not form 
part of the Cover Pool and hedging counterparties to such 
hedging agreements will not benefit from the Transaction 
Security (including the Statutory Segregation over the Cover 
Pool Assets).
Listing Agent .................................
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited (the “Listing Agent”).
Relevant Rating Agencies.............
“Relevant Rating Agencies” means, in respect of each Series 
of Covered Bonds that is rated, Moody’s and/or such other 
rating agency(ies) indicated in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such Series; it being understood that a Series need 
not be rated. “Relevant Rating Agency” means any one of 
such rating agencies.
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION
Risk factors ....................................
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme.  These are set out under “Risk Factors” and 
include risks relating to the Group and its business, the 
Group’s relationship with the Issuer’s principal shareholders, 
Turkey and the Turkish banking industry.  In addition, there 
are certain factors that are material for assessing the risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  
These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include (a) 
insolvency considerations, (b) risks relating to the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds, (c) 
risks relating to the Turkish mortgage market, (d) factors that 
are material for the purpose of assessing market risks and (e) 
risks associated with any Series of Covered Bonds and market 
risks generally.
Description.....................................
€1 billion Global Covered Bond Programme.
Programme Limit..........................
Up to €1 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies 
determined as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time as described herein (the “Programme 
Limit”).  The Issuer may increase the Programme Limit in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.
Distribution....................................
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or (other 
than in the United States) public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Maturities.......................................
The maturity of the Covered Bonds shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in accordance with such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant regulatory authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currencies.
Forms of Covered Bonds ..............
The Covered Bonds may be issued in either bearer or 
registered form (as described in “Form of the Covered 
Bonds”).

--- Page 78 ---
64
Currencies......................................
Covered Bonds may be denominated and payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds may be made in euro, Sterling, 
U.S. dollars, Turkish Lira or, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, any other currency as set out in the 
conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, payment in respect 
of Covered Bonds denominated in Turkish Lira may be made 
in U.S. dollars under Condition 7.8 (U.S. dollar Exchange and 
Payments on Turkish Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held 
other than through DTC) if an irrevocable election to receive 
such payment in U.S. dollars is made.  See Condition 7.8 
(U.S. dollar 
Exchange 
and 
Payments 
on 
Turkish 
Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held other than through 
DTC).
Denominations...............................
The Covered Bonds may be issued in any authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms, except 
that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II and/or that are to be offered to the public in a 
Member State in circumstances that would otherwise require 
the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation will be: (a) such minimum amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any applicable laws and (b) equal 
to or greater than €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency as of the applicable Issue Date), and 
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for 
the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds...........
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, on redemption, 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Floating Rate Covered Bonds ......
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
each as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the “ISDA”) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service.

--- Page 79 ---
65
The margin (if any) relating to any Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for each 
Series of Covered Bonds.
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds.......
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Redemption....................................
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following 
an Event of Default) or that such Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Covered 
Bondholders upon giving notice to the Covered Bondholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at the price or prices specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
Certain Covenants.........................
The Issuer will agree to certain covenants, including 
covenants limiting transactions with affiliates and a covenant 
to maintain the additional contractual overcollateralisation 
percentage – see further “—Creation and Administration of 
the 
Cover 
Pool—Additional 
Contractual 
Overcollateralisation”.
Status of the Covered Bonds and 
Statutory Treatment of the 
Covered Bonds...............................
All Covered Bonds and any Coupons will, upon issue, 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer in accordance with the Turkish 
Covered Bonds Legislation and will rank pari passu among 
themselves.
Under the Covered Bonds Communiqué and by virtue of the 
statutory priority established thereunder, the Covered 
Bondholders, Couponholders, Hedging Counterparties and 
the Administrator (if appointed) in respect of its fees and 
expenses only will (subject to the following paragraph) have 
an exclusive, equal and pro rata preferential legal claim over 
the Cover Pool.
The claims of the Other Secured Creditors against the Cover 
Pool are permitted only to the extent that the Issuer has 
provided Additional Cover in the manner described in 
Article 29 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.  To the extent 
that the Issuer has not so provided Additional Cover, the Other 
Secured Creditors will not be permitted to have recourse to the 
Cover Pool and their claims will rank pari passu with the other 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer.  However, if Additional 
Cover has been provided, then the CMB may determine that 
the Other Secured Creditors have a pari passu claim over such 
Additional Cover, in which case the Other Secured Creditors 
would be able to claim alongside Covered Bondholders, 
Couponholders and Hedging Counterparties in respect of such 
Additional Cover.
“Statutory Segregation” means the statutory protection of 
the Cover Pool against competing claims for the benefit of the 
Covered 
Bondholders, 
Couponholders, 
Hedging

--- Page 80 ---
66
Counterparties, the Administrator (if appointed and only in 
respect of its fees and expenses) and (subject to the provisions 
of Article 29 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué) Other 
Secured Creditors pursuant to Article 13 of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué.
Taxation .........................................
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(“Taxes”), imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes 
is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer will (subject to 
certain exceptions) pay such Additional Amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Covered Bonds, after such withholding or deduction 
will equal the respective amounts that would have been 
receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds in the absence of 
the withholding or deduction.  See “Taxation—Certain 
Turkish Tax Considerations” and Condition 9 (Taxation).
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
FATCA or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach to FATCA, as provided in Condition 7.1 (Method of 
Payment) and, in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Payment 
without Withholding), no Additional Amount will be payable 
by the Issuer in respect of any such withholding or deduction.
Security for the Covered Bonds...
In accordance with the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, 
by virtue of the Transaction Documents and pursuant to the 
Cover Register and any registrations required to update the 
Cover Register (the “Security Update Registration”), the 
Cover Pool and the other Transaction Security (including any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account), the 
Designated Account(s), the Hedge Collateral Accounts (other 
than Excess Hedge Collateral) and the Non-TL Hedge 
Collection Account(s) (but excluding the Agency Account) 
will be available to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Total Liabilities (and the claims of Other Secured 
Creditors) following the occurrence of a Potential Breach of 
Statutory Test (which is continuing), an Issuer Event (which 
is continuing) or the service of a Notice of Default (which has 
not been revoked (such revocation to be provided in the same 
manner as the service of a Notice of Default)), in priority to 
the Issuer’s obligations to any other creditors, until the 
repayment in full of the Covered Bonds and payment of the 
Issuer’s other Secured Obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to the applicable Secured Creditors.
Pursuant to the Security Assignment, the Secured Obligations 
owing to the Secured Creditors will be secured by the 
following (the “Security Assignment Security”):

--- Page 81 ---
67
(a)
a security assignment over all the Issuer’s rights, title, 
interest and benefit, present and future in, to and 
under:
(i)
each of the Offshore Bank Accounts;
(ii)
the English Law Transaction Documents 
(other than the Security Assignment, the 
Programme Agreement, any Subscription 
Agreement and any deed expressed to be 
supplemental to the Security Assignment, the 
Programme 
Agreement 
and/or 
any 
Subscription Agreement), including, without 
limitation, any guarantee, credit support 
document or credit support annex entered into 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Hedging 
Agreements 
governed by the laws of England and Wales 
and any eligible credit support (as defined in 
the 1995 English Law Credit Support Annex, 
the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Deed 
or the 1995 English Law Credit Support 
Deed, each as defined by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) 
delivered or transferred to the Issuer 
thereunder, including, without limitation, all 
moneys received in respect thereof, all 
dividends paid or payable thereon, all 
property paid, distributed, accruing or offered 
at any time to or in respect of or in 
substitution thereof and the proceeds of sale, 
repayment and redemption thereof; and
(iii)
all payments of any amounts that may 
become payable to the Issuer thereunder, all 
payments received by the Issuer thereunder, 
all rights to serve notices and/or make 
demands thereunder and/or to take such steps 
as are required to cause payments to become 
due and payable thereunder and all rights of 
action in respect of any breach thereof and all 
rights to receive damages or obtain other 
relief in respect thereof,
which is held unto the Security Agent absolutely for 
the Security Agent itself and on trust, subject to the 
terms of the Security Assignment, for: (A) other than 
Excess Hedge Collateral and the Agency Account, the 
Secured Creditors to whom the Secured Obligations 
from time to time become due, owing or payable; (B) 
in the case of Excess Hedge Collateral, the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty as security for the Issuer’s 
obligations to repay or deliver such Excess Hedge 
Collateral pursuant to the terms of the relevant 
Hedging Agreement to the relevant Hedging

--- Page 82 ---
68
Counterparty; and (C) in the case of the Agency 
Account, the Reserve Fund Secured Creditors; and
(b)
a charge, by way of first fixed equitable charge to the 
Security Agent, over all the Issuer’s rights, title, 
interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and 
under the Authorised Investments which are Cover 
Pool Assets (and all moneys, income and proceeds to 
become payable thereunder or thereon and the 
benefits of all covenants relating thereto and all 
powers and remedies for enforcing the same), which 
are held unto the Security Agent absolutely for the 
Security Agent itself and on trust, subject to the terms 
of the Security Assignment, for the applicable 
Secured Creditors to whom the Secured Obligations 
from time to time become due, owing or payable.
From time to time, additional security may be created for the 
benefit of the Security Agent on behalf of some or all of the 
Secured Creditors in respect of certain assets or certain 
accounts which are not otherwise subject to a perfected 
security interest for the benefit of the Security Agent on behalf 
of the Secured Creditors.  If any such security document is 
designated as a Transaction Security Document by the Issuer 
and the Security Agent, such security document shall be a 
Transaction Security Document for the purposes of the 
Programme.
“Excess Hedge Collateral” means: (a) the remaining Hedge 
Collateral due to be returned to a Hedging Counterparty after 
termination payments payable by such Hedging Counterparty 
to the Issuer in respect of the relevant Hedging Agreement 
have been satisfied; (b) if no termination payments were 
payable by such Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer after the 
occurrence of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the 
1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross 
Border), the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement or analogous 
master agreement, each as published by ISDA from time to 
time (the “ISDA Master Agreement”)) in respect of the 
relevant Hedging Agreement, the Hedge Collateral due to be 
returned to the Hedging Counterparty in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant credit support annex, in each case, 
under the terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement; or (c) any 
amounts in the applicable Hedge Collateral Account in excess 
of the amount of collateral required to be maintained in such 
account pursuant to the applicable Hedging Agreement.
“Mandatory Excess Cover” means the overcollateralisation 
of the Cover Pool by the Issuer from Substitute Assets in 
accordance with the minimum cover requirement provided 
under the Covered Bonds Communiqué that has to be 
maintained at all times (each such asset shall be a 
“Mandatory Excess Cover Cover Pool Asset”).  Mandatory 
Excess Cover Cover Pool Assets are not subject to the 
Substitute Asset Limit and do not count towards the Substitute

--- Page 83 ---
69
Asset Limit.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Mandatory 
Excess Cover does not refer to the Additional Cover within 
the meaning of Article 29 of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué.
“Other Secured Creditors” means the Agents, the Security 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Receiver, the Cover 
Monitor, the Offshore Account Bank and (other than the 
Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders and the Hedging 
Counterparties) any other creditor of the Issuer having the 
benefit of the Transaction Security in accordance with the 
Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation or pursuant to any 
Transaction Document entered into by the Issuer from time to 
time.  To the extent that the Issuer has not provided sufficient 
Additional Cover in the manner described in Article 29 of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué, the Other Secured Creditors 
will not be permitted to have recourse to the Cover Pool and 
(except to the extent of any applicable Non-Statutory Security 
available to such Other Secured Creditors pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents and, with respect to the Reserve Fund 
Secured Creditors, except with respect to the Agency 
Account) their claims will rank pari passu with the other 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer.
“Programme Closing Date” means 21 October 2016. 
“Receiver” means any person or persons appointed (and any 
additional person or persons appointed or substituted) as an 
administrative receiver, receiver, manager or receiver and 
manager of the applicable secured property by the Security 
Agent pursuant to a Transaction Security Document.
“Secured Creditors” means the Covered Bondholders, the 
Couponholders, the Other Secured Creditors and the Hedging 
Counterparties. “Transaction Security” means: (a) the 
property, assets and undertakings included in the Cover Pool 
(including, as applicable, the Mortgage Rights) and, subject to 
the provisions of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, for the 
benefit of the applicable Secured Creditors; and (b) the Non-
Statutory Security.
“Transaction Security Documents” means the Security 
Assignment and any other document entered into from time to 
time and designated by the Issuer and the Security Agent as a 
Transaction Security Document.
Cross-collateralisation and 
Recourse.........................................
By operation of the Covered Bonds Communiqué and in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool 
Assets shall form a single portfolio, irrespective of the date of 
their inclusion in the Cover Pool, and shall be held for the 
payment of the Total Liabilities to the Covered Bondholders, 
Couponholders and Hedging Counterparties (and claims of the 
Other Secured Creditors to the extent described in “—
Programme Description—Status of the Covered Bonds and 
Statutory Treatment of the Covered Bonds”) irrespective of

--- Page 84 ---
70
the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche, the date of any 
applicable Hedging Agreement or otherwise.  
In accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué, the Cover Pool Assets may not be seized or 
attached in any form by creditors of the Issuer and may be used 
only to pay the applicable Secured Creditors.
The Issuer is entitled, within certain limits and upon certain 
conditions, to effect certain changes to the Cover Pool.  See 
“—Creation and Administration of the Cover Pool—Changes 
to the Cover Pool”.
Issue Price ......................................
Covered Bonds of each Tranche may be issued at par or at a 
premium over, or at a discount to, par on a fully paid basis, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Final Maturity Date and 
Extended Maturity Date...............
The final maturity date for each Series will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Final Maturity Date”).  Unless 
previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the 
Covered Bonds of a Series will be redeemed at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
The applicable Final Terms relating to a Series of Covered 
Bonds may also provide that the Issuer’s obligations under the 
relevant Covered Bonds to pay their Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may be 
deferred past the Final Maturity Date until the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).  Such deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer 
fails to pay any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Soft Bullet 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Final Maturity Date.
In that event, the Issuer (or the institution appointed by the 
CMB, as the case may be) may (including with the use of the 
cash generated by the Cover Pool) redeem all or any part of 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Final 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upon such automatic deferral, the Issuer shall:
(c)
promptly liquidate all Authorised Investments that are 
Cover Pool Assets (it being understood that such does 
not include any investments that are Hedge Collateral) 
and Substitute Assets to the extent necessary to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount for the applicable 
Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds;
(d)
deposit the proceeds of such liquidation (the 
“Liquidation 
Proceeds”) 
into 
the 
relevant 
Designated Account(s) (such amounts to form part of 
the Available Funds); and

--- Page 85 ---
71
(e)
on the applicable Final Maturity Date for such Series 
and on each Interest Payment Date after the Final 
Maturity Date for such Series thereafter up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date, apply 
all Available Funds towards the payment of any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date 
of such Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds unless 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that, where an Interest Payment Date 
(including any such date that occurs after the Final 
Maturity Date) of any other Series of Covered Bonds 
(or any payment by the Issuer under a Hedging 
Agreement) 
corresponds 
with 
such 
Extended 
Maturity Date, the Issuer shall apply all Available 
Funds towards payment of amounts due in respect of 
such Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, such other 
Series of Covered Bonds and such Hedging 
Agreement(s), as applicable, on a pro rata basis.
As regards interest on Covered Bonds to which an Extended 
Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date, the 
Covered Bonds will bear interest on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds from (and including) the 
Final Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date after the Final Maturity Date 
on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the 
Extended Maturity Date, and will be payable in respect of the 
Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date in arrears or as otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date 
after the Final Maturity Date at the rate provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms.
In the case of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds which are Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the Final 
Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date is 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding on the Final Maturity Date for 
the above purposes shall be the total amount otherwise 
payable by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date less any 
payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with the Conditions.
“Available Funds” means, following the occurrence of an 
automatic deferral of a Final Maturity Date of any Series of 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, all amounts standing to the credit 
of the Collection Account, the Designated Account(s) and the 
Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) and any Liquidation 
Proceeds.
The entitlements of Covered Bondholders in respect of voting 
rights (including with respect to the exercise of remedies) 
under the Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the

--- Page 86 ---
72
Transaction Security Documents (and the other Transaction 
Documents to the extent applicable) upon the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event and/or an Event of Default will be determined by 
reference to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant 
Covered Bond(s) held by the relevant Covered Bondholder(s).  
For the purposes of calculating the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of any Covered Bonds denominated in a currency 
other than Turkish Lira, the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
any such Covered Bonds shall be notionally converted into a 
Turkish Lira equivalent using the Applicable Exchange Rate 
for purposes of determining voting rights.
“Applicable Exchange Rate” means:
(a)
in respect of the non-Turkish Lira currency Covered 
Bonds of a particular Tranche:
(i)
to the extent that a Hedging Agreement which 
is a currency swap transaction, cross currency 
and interest rate swap transaction or option 
contract, foreign exchange, derivative or 
similar agreement is in the Cover Pool in 
connection with the issuance of such Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, the rate at which the 
relevant currency is exchangeable into 
Turkish Lira pursuant to such Hedging 
Agreement; and
(ii)
to the extent that paragraph (a)(i) above is not 
applicable, the Spot Rate;
(b)
in respect of the non-Turkish Lira currency amount of 
a Cover Pool Asset:
(i)
to the extent that a Hedging Agreement which 
is a currency swap transaction, cross currency 
and interest rate swap transaction or option 
contract, foreign exchange, derivative or 
similar agreement is in the Cover Pool in 
connection with such Cover Pool Asset, the 
rate at which the relevant currency is 
exchangeable into Turkish Lira pursuant to 
such Hedging Agreement; and
(ii)
to the extent that paragraph (b)(i) above is not 
applicable, the Spot Rate; and
(c)
in respect of the expenses not denominated in 
U.S. dollars that are covered by the Reserve Fund, the 
Spot Rate.
“Spot Rate” means: (a) with respect to the conversion of the 
relevant non-Turkish Lira currency into Turkish Lira, the 
relevant “mid” price spot rate of exchange obtained by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and/or the Security Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant day using the relevant display page 
on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any

--- Page 87 ---
73
successor service thereof), or such other page as may replace 
that page on that service for the purpose of displaying a 
currency exchange rate for Turkish Lira and the non-Turkish 
Lira currency, expressed as the amount of Turkish Lira per one 
non-Turkish Lira currency at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Istanbul time) on such day; and (b) with respect to the 
conversion of a non-U.S. dollar currency into U.S. dollars, the 
relevant “mid” price spot rate of exchange obtained by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and/or the Security Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant day using the relevant display page 
on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service thereof), or such other page as may replace 
that page on that service for the purpose of displaying a 
currency exchange rate for U.S. dollars and such non-U.S. 
dollar currency, expressed as the amount of U.S. dollars per 
one non-U.S. dollar currency at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time) on such day.
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, in respect of a 
Covered Bond on any day of determination, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date 
thereof less the sum of all amounts of principal paid by the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions and 
the relevant Covered Bonds in respect thereof on or prior to 
that day of determination.
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person, any company 
or other entity: (a) in which such person holds a majority of 
the voting rights; (b) of which such person is a member and 
has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the board of 
directors (or similar body); or (c) of which such person is a 
member and controls a majority of the voting rights, and 
includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary 
of such person.  In relation to the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer, a Subsidiary shall also include any 
other entities that are (in accordance with applicable laws and 
IFRS) consolidated into the Issuer.
Ratings............................................
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may 
either be rated (whether by Moody’s and/or any other 
Relevant Rating Agency) or unrated.  Where a Tranche of 
Covered Bonds is rated (other than unsolicited ratings), such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds of other Series.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.
Listing and admission to trading .
Application will be made to the Euronext Dublin for certain 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market; 
however, no assurance can be given that such application will 
be accepted.  Covered Bonds may be unlisted or may be listed 
or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on any market

--- Page 88 ---
74
(including any unregulated or regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II) as may be agreed among the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of a private placement) 
the relevant Covered Bondholders(s) in relation to each issue.  
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds will state whether or not such Covered Bonds 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
market(s).
Clearing Systems...........................
For any Series of Covered Bonds, DTC, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms may be the applicable 
clearing system(s).
Selling Restrictions........................
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Covered Bonds (and beneficial interests therein) in (inter alia) 
Turkey, the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including the United Kingdom and Ireland), the PRC, Hong 
Kong, Japan, Switzerland, Italy, Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds.  See 
“Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”.
U.S. Selling Restrictions................
Regulation S Category 2, Bearer Covered Bonds will be 
issued in compliance with rules identical to those provided in: 
(a) U.S. Treasury 
Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(“TEFRA D”); 
or 
(b) U.S. Treasury 
Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (“TEFRA C”) such that the Bearer 
Covered Bonds will not constitute “registration-required 
obligations” under Section 4701(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Such rules impose certain additional restrictions on 
transfers of Bearer Covered Bonds.
Governing Law..............................
The Covered Bonds (other than as set forth in the following 
paragraph), the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Security Assignment, the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, 
the Security Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency 
Agreement, the Programme Agreement, each Subscription 
Agreement and (unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Hedging Agreement) each Hedging Agreement (and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with any of the above) shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of England and Wales.
The Cover Monitor Agreement is governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Turkish law.  In addition, the Statutory 
Segregation referred to in Condition 3 (Status of the Covered 
Bonds) is (or will be, as the case may be) governed by and 
construed in accordance with Turkish law.

--- Page 89 ---
75
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL
The Cover Pool..............................
Pursuant to the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, the 
Statutory Segregation will be over:
(a)
mortgage loans meeting (i) the requirements set out in 
Articles 9(2), 10(1)(a) and 10(1)(c) of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué and (ii) though not required by 
the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, the 
Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria (such assets 
included in the Cover Pool being the “Mortgage 
Assets”), and all receivables relating to such 
Mortgage Assets (for the purpose of clarification, the 
Cover Pool shall include all assets included in the 
Cover Register from time to time and notwithstanding 
that such assets may have ceased to satisfy the 
statutory requirements for covered assets specified in 
the Covered Bonds Communiqué or the Individual 
Asset Eligibility Criteria);
(b)
Substitute Assets (subject to the Substitute Asset 
Limit); and
(c)
the Issuer’s rights in, to and under Hedging 
Agreements,
(each such asset included in the Cover Register, a “Cover 
Pool Asset” and collectively the “Cover Pool”).
For the avoidance of doubt, a mortgage loan or derivative 
contract intended to become a Cover Pool Asset is required to 
meet the asset requirements set out in Article 10 (in the case 
of mortgage loans) and Article 11 (in the case of derivative 
contracts) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué at the time of 
inclusion in the Cover Register.  In the event that a Cover Pool 
Asset thereafter ceases to meet the asset requirements of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué (or failed to have satisfied such 
requirements at the time of its inclusion in the Cover Register), 
the Issuer is obliged under Article 13(5) of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué to replace such assets with Cover Pool Assets 
that do satisfy the requirements of Articles 10 and 11 (as 
applicable) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué unless the 
Statutory Tests are otherwise satisfied and the Issuer is 
otherwise complying with its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué (in which case, the Issuer is not obliged 
to remove any such ineligible Cover Pool Asset).  See “—
Changes to the Cover Pool”.
By virtue of the creation of the Cover Pool by registration in 
the Cover Register (including through any Security Update 
Registration(s)) on or prior to the First Issue Date, the Issuer 
shall segregate the Cover Pool for the satisfaction of the rights 
of the Covered Bondholders and the Hedging Counterparties 
(and the Other Secured Creditors to the extent described in “—

--- Page 90 ---
76
Programme Description—Status of the Covered Bonds and 
Statutory Treatment of the Covered Bonds”).
All Mortgage Rights relating to Mortgage Assets in the Cover 
Pool are themselves included in the Cover Pool as part of the 
receivables of such Mortgage Assets; however, if it is 
subsequently judicially determined that all or part of the 
Mortgage Rights of the type referred to in paragraphs (b) and 
(c) of the definition of Mortgage Rights below (all such items 
being “Ancillary Rights”) do not constitute receivables of 
Mortgage Assets for the purposes of Article 9 of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué, then such Ancillary Rights shall not be 
Cover Pool Assets and thus not benefit from Statutory 
Segregation.
The rights, title and interest (both present and future) of the 
Bank in, to and under: (a) any valuation; and (b) all causes and 
rights of action in favour of the Bank against any person (other 
than the applicable Borrower) in connection with any report, 
valuation, opinion, certificate, consent or other statement of 
fact or opinion, in each case given in connection with a 
Mortgage Asset or affecting the decision of the Bank to make 
the relevant advance (all payments received by the Bank for 
either sub-paragraph (a) or (b) above being a “Related 
Payment”), do not constitute receivables of the Mortgage 
Assets for the purposes of Article 9 of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué and therefore do not benefit from Statutory 
Segregation.  However, at any time after the service of a 
Notice of Default (which has not been revoked (such 
revocation to be provided in the same manner as the service of 
a Notice of Default)), as an unsecured contractual obligation 
only, the Issuer will transfer (within two Istanbul Business 
Days of receipt) all Related Payments to the Security Agent 
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors to be applied in 
satisfaction of the Secured Obligations; it being understood 
that any such Related Payments shall not be deposited into the 
Collection Account or the Designated Account(s) and shall 
otherwise remain segregated from the Cover Pool Assets.
“First Issue Date” means the date on which the Issuer issues 
a Series of Covered Bonds for the first time pursuant to the 
Programme. 
“Istanbul Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Istanbul.
“Mortgage Rights” means, with respect to a Mortgage Asset 
in the Cover Pool:
(a)
any prepayment fees or other fees payable by the 
Borrower of such Mortgage Asset;
(b)
to the extent that they are assignable, the benefit of all 
collateral security and any guarantees or indemnities

--- Page 91 ---
77
from the Borrower or a guarantor for such Mortgage 
Asset; and
(c)
all right, title, interest and benefit in favour of the 
Bank (both present and future) in relation to any 
insurance contracts relating to such Mortgage Asset, 
including the right to receive the proceeds of any 
insurance claims insofar as they relate to such 
Mortgage Asset.
“Substitute Assets” means: (a) the assets permitted by the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué to constitute substitute assets 
(as of the date of this Base Prospectus, such assets include 
cash, certificates of liquidity issued by the Central Bank of 
Turkey, government bonds issued domestically (in Turkey) or 
abroad, lease certificates issued by asset leasing corporations 
established by the Undersecretariat of the Treasury of Turkey 
(T.C.  Cumhurbaşkanlığı Hazine Müsteşarlığı), securities 
guaranteed by the Treasury of Turkey within the framework 
of the Law on the Regulation of Public Financing and Debt 
Management dated 28 March 2002 and No. 4749, and 
securities issued by or with the guarantee of the central 
administrations and/or central banks of the countries which 
are members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (“OECD”)); and (b) other assets which the 
CMB approves and discloses to the public.
No investigations, searches, audits or other actions in respect 
of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool 
has been or will be performed by the Arrangers, the Dealers, 
the Agents, the Security Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Offshore Account Bank or (other than the Cover Monitor in 
the limited manner described herein) any other person. The 
Issuer is obligated to ensure that the Cover Pool fulfils the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué (including 
the Statutory Tests), the Programme Overcollateralisation 
Percentage and the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria.
Changes to the Cover Pool ...........
The Issuer shall be entitled (and, in the circumstances set out 
in Article 13(5) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, shall be 
obliged to substitute Cover Pool Assets as set out in 
paragraph (b) below), subject to making appropriate Security 
Update Registration(s) to:
(a)
Allocation of Further Assets: allocate to the Cover 
Pool additional assets at any time, including for the 
purposes of issuing further Series of Covered Bonds, 
complying with the Statutory Tests and/or the 
Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage of any 
Series, maintaining the rating(s) assigned to any 
Series of the Covered Bonds and/or maintaining or 
increasing the creditworthiness of the Cover Pool, 
provided that such new assets meet the requirements 
of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, comply with the 
Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria and do not cause

--- Page 92 ---
78
the Substitute Assets in the Cover Pool to exceed the 
Substitute Asset Limit; and
(b)
Removal or substitution of Cover Pool Assets: remove 
(including to substitute) one or more Cover Pool 
Asset(s) (including any Cover Pool Assets that cease 
to comply or did not comply at the time of their 
registration in the Cover Register with the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué and 
the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria) at any time in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué 
and to the extent not prohibited by the Transaction 
Documents; provided that, in addition to the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué: (i) 
any assets added to the Cover Pool by way of 
substitution must comply with the Individual Asset 
Eligibility Criteria; (ii) any assets added to the Cover 
Pool by way of substitution or any removal of assets 
from the Cover Pool does not cause the Substitute 
Assets in the Cover Pool to exceed the Substitute 
Asset Limit; (iii) neither any Potential Breach of 
Statutory Test nor any Issuer Event of the type 
described in any of paragraphs (a) to (f) of the 
definition thereof would occur as a result of such 
removal or Cover Pool Asset Substitution (as defined 
in the Cover Monitor Agreement); and (iv) any 
collections in respect of any such removed Cover Pool 
Assets will no longer be transferred to the Collection 
Account.  The Issuer is obliged to substitute any 
Cover Pool Assets that cease to comply with the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué or 
the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria unless the 
Statutory Tests are otherwise satisfied and the Issuer 
is otherwise complying with its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué (in which case, the 
Issuer may either keep such ineligible Cover Pool 
Asset within the Cover Pool or remove such ineligible 
Cover Pool Asset without new eligible assets being 
registered in the Cover Pool).  
In addition:
(a)
upon the occurrence of any Potential Breach of 
Statutory Test or an Issuer Event that is continuing, 
no Cover Pool Assets can be removed or substituted 
from the Cover Pool unless such removal or 
substitution is required pursuant to the provisions of 
the Covered Bonds Communiqué; and
(b)
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that is 
continuing, no Cover Pool Assets can be removed or 
substituted from the Cover Pool unless:

--- Page 93 ---
79
(i)
such removal or substitution is required 
pursuant to the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué; or
(ii)
such substitution or removal is made by the 
Administrator 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
Communiqué or by the Security Agent in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents.
Cover Register...............................
“Cover Register” means the security book (teminat defteri) 
related to the assets in the Cover Pool and setting out certain 
information on such assets, which must be established and 
maintained in accordance with the Turkish Covered Bonds 
Legislation.
Sale of Cover Pool Assets by the 
Administrator................................
Under Articles 27(4) and 27(6) of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué and in the circumstances specified therein, the 
Administrator may administer the sale of the Cover Pool 
Assets.
“Administrator” means the person appointed by the CMB to 
administer the Cover Pool under Article 27(1) of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué.
Individual Asset Eligibility 
Criteria...........................................
Each mortgage loan to be included in the Cover Pool shall 
comply with the following criteria (the “Individual Asset 
Eligibility Criteria”):
(a)
the requirements of Articles 9(2) and 10(1) of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué;
(b)
such mortgage loan is denominated in Turkish Lira;
(c)
such mortgage loan is not a commercial loan or 
related receivable;
(d)
the applicable Borrower is not an employee of the 
Bank;
(e)
the principal amount outstanding of such mortgage 
loan at the time of its inclusion in the Cover Pool must 
be lower than or equal to the Turkish Lira equivalent 
of €1 million (using the TL/€ sell-side exchange rate 
most recently published by the Central Bank at such 
time of inclusion);
(f)
such mortgage loan is secured by a first ranking 
mortgage;
(g)
such mortgage loan is covered by valid and current 
earthquake insurance;
(h)
the applicable LTV is not greater than 80% (or such 
other level as specified in Article 19(1)(a)(2) (or 
equivalent provision) of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué, as amended from time to time);

--- Page 94 ---
80
(i)
the applicable Borrower is a natural person; and
(j)
such mortgage loan constitutes a valid and 
enforceable claim against the applicable Borrower, 
subject to customary bankruptcy and similar 
exceptions and general principles of equity.
“Borrower” means, with respect to a mortgage loan, the 
borrower or borrowers specified in respect of such mortgage 
loan.
“LTV” means, with respect to a mortgage loan, the percentage 
determined by dividing the principal amount outstanding of 
such mortgage loan by the Initial Appraised Value of the 
applicable residential property at the origination of such 
mortgage loan.
“Initial Appraised Value” means, with respect to a mortgage 
loan, the appraised value of the applicable residential property 
used by such mortgage loan’s originator in connection with 
the origination of such mortgage loan.
Substitute Assets may not be added to the Cover Pool if, 
immediately following such addition, the Cover Pool would 
not comply with the requirement of Article 19(3) of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué that the net present value of the 
Substitute Assets included in the Cover Pool shall not exceed 
15% of the total net present value of the Cover Pool (the 
“Substitute Asset Limit”).  Mandatory Excess Cover Cover 
Pool Assets are not subject to the restriction contained in 
Article 19(3) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué and do not 
count towards the Substitute Asset Limit.
Monitoring of the Cover Pool.......
The Cover Monitor shall, pursuant to the Cover Monitor 
Agreement, in respect of each Cover Monitor Calculation 
Date, analyse and verify whether the Cover Pool satisfies each 
of:
(a)
the Nominal Value Test;
(b)
the Net Present Value Test;
(c)
the Cash Flow Matching Test; and
(d)
the Stress Test,
(collectively, the “Statutory Tests” and each a “Statutory 
Test”).
In addition, the Issuer shall, in accordance with Article 20(1) 
of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, test whether the Cover 
Pool complies with the Statutory Tests (e.g., as required as of 
the Programme Closing Date, at every change to the Cover 
Register and, in any case, at least once per calendar month) 
(each a “Statutory Test Date”) (see “Description of the 
Transaction Documents—Security Agency Agreement”).

--- Page 95 ---
81
The Cover Monitor shall, pursuant to the Cover Monitor 
Agreement, after testing the Statutory Tests as described 
above, send a copy of the report indicating compliance or 
non-compliance with the Statutory Tests to the Issuer and the 
Security Agent within 20 Istanbul Business Days of the end of 
the applicable accounting period.
“Cover Monitor Calculation Date” means the First Issue 
Date, each of the dates falling at the end of each semi-annual 
reporting period (or quarter reporting period if any Covered 
Bonds issued in a public offering in Turkey of Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding) following the First Issue Date and each 
subsequent Issue Date; provided that: (a) the first Cover 
Monitor Calculation Date shall be within six months of the 
First Issue Date (as agreed between the Issuer and the Cover 
Monitor); and (b) the end of each semi-annual reporting period 
or quarter reporting period, as applicable, shall be calculated 
from the first Cover Monitor Calculation Date and not from 
the First Issue Date.
Statutory Tests...............................
The Cover Pool is subject to the Statutory Tests as set out in 
the Covered Bonds Communiqué.  The Statutory Tests are the 
following:
(a)
The Nominal Value Test: The “Nominal Value Test” 
means the test set out in Article 15(1) of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué.
(b)
The Cash Flow Matching Test: The “Cash Flow 
Matching Test” means the test set out in 
Article 16(1) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.
(c)
The Net Present Value Test: The “Net Present Value 
Test” means the test set out in Article 17 of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué.
(d)
The Stress Test: The “Stress Test” means the test set 
out in Article 18 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.
The Statutory Tests (both their nature and their method of 
calculation) may vary from time to time to the extent that the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué is amended.  However, all 
Series of Covered Bonds are subject to the Statutory Tests as 
in force at the time of their issuance unless expressly provided 
otherwise by the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation.
The method of calculating the Statutory Tests shall (within the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué) be 
determined by the Issuer, acting reasonably (and subject to 
any guidance, pronouncement, rule, official directive or 
guideline (whether or not having the force of law) issued by 
the CMB to the Issuer specifically or to covered bond issuers 
generally in relation to the method of calculating the Statutory 
Tests).

--- Page 96 ---
82
The following are not included in calculations related to the 
Statutory Tests (without duplication of any exclusion):
(a)
assets (i) which are mortgage loans that do not satisfy 
the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria or (ii) which 
are Substitute Assets all or portions of which are to be 
excluded in order for the Cover Pool to satisfy the 
Substitute Asset Limit; it being understood that if 
only portions of such assets are so excluded, then the 
part thereof that is not so excluded shall be included 
in the calculation of the Statutory Tests to the extent 
otherwise eligible;
(b)
in the manner to be calculated pursuant to 
Article 19(1) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué and 
the applicable banking legislation, the portion of a 
Mortgage Asset in excess of 80% (or such other level 
as specified in Article 19(1)(a)(2) (or equivalent 
provision) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, as 
amended from time to time) of the value of the 
residential property securing the corresponding loan;
(c)
rights in, and cash amounts standing to the credit of, 
the Collection Account (and investments made with 
such amounts);
(d)
Cover Pool Assets which are Additional Cover Cover 
Pool Assets pursuant to Article 29 of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué;
(e)
Hedge Collateral; and
(f)
the Reserve Fund as the Reserve Fund and the Agency 
Account are not included in the Cover Pool.
For further information concerning each of the above 
Statutory Tests, see “Summary of the Turkish Covered Bonds 
Legislation”.
Additional Contractual 
Overcollateralisation ....................
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the 
Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Nominal Value of the 
Cover Pool is not less than the product of (A) the Turkish Lira 
Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
all Covered Bonds outstanding and (B) the sum of one plus 
the decimal equivalent of the highest then-existing 
Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage among all then-
outstanding 
Series. 
 
The 
then-existing 
Programme 
Overcollateralisation Percentage for each Series shall be 
specified in each Investor Report.
As used herein:
“Covered Bond Swap Rate” means, in respect of a Covered 
Bond, the exchange rate specified in the agreement among the 
Issuer, the relevant currency hedge provider and the Security 
Agent governing a foreign exchange transaction (the 
“Currency Hedging Agreement”) relating to the Series of

--- Page 97 ---
83
which such Covered Bond is a part, or, if there is no Currency 
Hedging Agreement relating to such Series (including if the 
Currency Hedging Agreement for such Series has been 
terminated), the applicable Spot Rate. 
“Issue Date Rating” means, in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds, the rating assigned on the relevant Issue Date. 
“Nominal Value” means, in respect of the Cover Pool, the 
sum of: (a) the outstanding principal amounts of the Mortgage 
Assets in the Cover Pool; (b) the issue price of discounted debt 
securities that are included in the Cover Pool; and (c) the 
nominal value of debt securities issued at a premium that are 
included in the Cover Pool (excluding any Hedge Collateral), 
in each case as such is determined pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué.
“Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage” means the 
percentage figure as selected from time to time by the Issuer 
and notified to Moody’s (to the address specified by Moody’s 
from time to time) and the Fiscal Agent equating to the highest 
Series Overcollateralisation Percentage for all Series of 
Covered Bonds currently outstanding, and provided that there 
shall be no obligation on the Issuer to select a different 
Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage at any time and 
until a new Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage is 
selected by the Issuer, the Programme Overcollateralisation 
Percentage shall be the last figure so notified to Moody’s and 
the Fiscal Agent.
“Series Overcollateralisation Percentage” means, in respect 
of a Series of Covered Bonds, the percentage which is the 
greater of: (i) the percentage figure specified to Moody’s by 
the Issuer in connection with the issuance of a Series of 
Covered Bonds as set out in the Final Terms; or (ii) the 
percentage figure required to maintain the Issue Date Rating 
of such outstanding Series of Covered Bonds under Moody’s 
expected loss methodology, provided that (a) so long as the 
current rating for any outstanding Series of Covered Bonds is 
not below its Issue Date Rating, the percentage shall not be 
reduced unless Moody’s has confirmed in writing to the Issuer 
that such reduction would not result in any credit rating then 
assigned to such Series of Covered Bonds by Moody’s being 
reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch and 
(b) so long as the current rating for any outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds is below its Issue Date Rating, the percentage 
shall not at any time be reduced below the percentage 
applicable immediately prior to the most recent downgrade of 
such Series of Covered Bonds below its respective Issue Date 
Rating.
“Turkish Lira Equivalent” means, in respect of a Covered 
Bond which is denominated in: (a) a currency other than 
Turkish Lira, the Turkish Lira equivalent of such amount 
ascertained using the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate

--- Page 98 ---
84
relating to such Covered Bond; and (b) Turkish Lira, the 
applicable amount in Turkish Lira.
The Issuer, in its discretion, may increase or, as provided 
above, 
decrease 
the 
Programme 
Overcollateralisation 
Percentage at any time without the consent of the Covered 
Bondholders and/or the Agents and/or any other Secured 
Creditors.  The Issuer shall notify the Covered Bondholders of 
any such change to the Programme Overcollateralisation 
Percentage in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
Rating Agency Confirmation .......
“Rating Agency Confirmation” means, with respect to any 
Series of Covered Bonds and any specified action or 
determination, the Relevant Rating Agency has indicated in 
writing (which may be by e-mail, a signed letter (including 
facsimile), a public press release, a rating report or any other 
publication, including a publication on such Relevant Rating 
Agency’s website) that such action or determination would 
not result in the credit rating then assigned to such Series by 
such Relevant Rating Agency being reduced, removed, 
suspended or placed on negative credit watch with an 
indication of a potential reduction.
Whenever the implementation of certain matters is, pursuant 
to the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents, 
subject to a Rating Agency Confirmation, the requirement 
shall be satisfied by receipt of (or access to) the Rating Agency 
Confirmation by the Security Agent; provided that: (a) if the 
applicable Relevant Rating Agency provides a waiver or 
acknowledgement indicating its decision not to review (or 
otherwise declining to review) the matter for which the Rating 
Agency Confirmation is sought, the requirement for the 
Rating Agency Confirmation from such Relevant Rating 
Agency with respect to such matter will be deemed waived; 
and (b) the Security Agent shall, where directed by the 
Covered Bondholder Representative or as otherwise provided 
in the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents, 
waive the requirement for a Rating Agency Confirmation to 
be obtained.
Breach of Statutory Tests.............
In accordance with the Turkish Covered Bond Legislation, if, 
on a Statutory Test Date, there is a Potential Breach of 
Statutory Test, the Issuer must cure any breach(es) of the 
relevant Statutory Tests within one month of such Statutory 
Test Date.
If, in its own monitoring of the Statutory Tests, the Issuer 
identifies a Potential Breach of Statutory Test, it will promptly 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Security Agent and the Cover 
Monitor of such breach and must cure such breach within one 
month of its detection of such breach.
Failure by the Issuer to cure a breach of any one of the 
Statutory Tests within such one-month period (and if there is 
no corresponding day in the following month, then the 
relevant Statutory Test will be required to be cured on or

--- Page 99 ---
85
before the last day in the aforementioned following month) 
will constitute a “Breach of Statutory Test” and result in: (a) 
until such breach is cured, an Issuer Event and the Issuer not 
being able to issue further Covered Bonds; and (b) the actions 
as set out in “—Accounts and Cash Flow Structure—
Designated Account(s)”.
“Potential Breach of Statutory Test” means a breach by the 
Issuer of any one of the Statutory Tests that has not yet become 
a Breach of Statutory Test which is not remedied or cured 
within seven days of such potential breach provided further 
that the seven day grace period provided for herein shall only 
apply if the Issuer complies at all times with the provisions of 
Article 13(4) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué following 
such potential breach.
Modifications .................................
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, to2:
(a)
any modification to any of the provisions of the 
Conditions of any Series, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Agency Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document, which modification is: (i) made while no 
Covered Bonds are outstanding; or (ii) in the opinion 
of the Issuer, either: (A) of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or that is made for the purpose of 
curing or correcting any ambiguity or of curing, 
correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven 
error or any other defective provision contained 
herein or therein; or (B) not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the 
Hedging Counterparties (in each case, considered: 
(1) as a whole and not individually; it being 
understood that individual circumstances might 
differ; and (2) from a contractual perspective without 
consideration of any regulatory or other unique 
circumstances that might apply to any one or more 
Covered 
Bondholders 
and/or 
Hedging 
Counterparties);
(b)
any modification to a Hedging Agreement that is 
requested by the Issuer or the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty in order to enable the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty to comply with any 
requirements that apply to it under EMIR, 
Dodd-Frank, MiFID II or the applicable laws of 
Turkey (or other hedging-related applicable law in 
any jurisdiction to which the Issuer or the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty is subject), including any New 
EMIR Requirements (as defined in the Master 
Definitions and Construction Schedule), New 
Dodd-Frank 
Requirements, 
or 
New 
MiFID II 
Requirements or New Turkish Law Regulatory 
Requirements (or other hedging-related applicable 
2 To consider whether compliance with FATCA as a mandatory modification should be included.

--- Page 100 ---
86
law in any jurisdiction to which the Issuer or the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty is subject), as 
applicable, in relation to such Hedging Agreement, 
subject to the Issuer and/or the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty, as applicable, providing the Fiscal 
Agent and the Security Agent with written 
certification that the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty is only seeking to implement 
changes it considers appropriate to comply with 
EMIR, Dodd-Frank, MiFID II or the applicable law 
of Turkey (or other hedging-related applicable law in 
any jurisdiction to which the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty is subject), including or to 
meet the New EMIR Requirements, New Dodd-Frank 
Requirements, New MiFID II Requirements or New 
Turkish Law Regulatory Requirements, as applicable, 
together with any modification to any other 
Transaction Document(s) that may be necessary as a 
consequence of such modification to the relevant 
Hedging Agreement; provided that any modification 
or change to the payment instructions (i.e., the 
account to which payment is to be made by the 
Hedging Counterparty) contained in such Hedging 
Agreement shall require the consent of the Security 
Agent (as directed by the Covered Bondholder 
Representative) and provided further that the consent 
of the Security Agent (as directed by the Covered 
Bondholder Representative) shall not be required in 
respect of any modification or change to such 
payment instructions following the appointment of a 
successor or replacement Security Agent or Offshore 
Account Bank, including any delegation, transfer or 
assignment of the rights or obligations of the Security 
Agent and/or Offshore Account Bank, in each case in 
accordance with the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents (subject to the additional requirement that 
the account to which such payment instructions 
relates is at all times a trust account held for the 
benefit of the Secured Creditors);
(c)
amendments to any of the Transaction Documents 
(including a change in the definitions of Cover Pool, 
Cover Pool Asset, Individual Asset Eligibility 
Criteria, 
Substitute 
Asset 
Limit, 
Programme 
Overcollateralisation Percentage and Statutory Test 
(and their corresponding subsidiary definitions)) (to 
the extent not otherwise permitted by the Transaction 
Documents, including per paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above as a result of any amendment, restatement, 
modification or other change to the Turkish Covered 
Bonds Legislation); provided that: (i) the Issuer 
provides the Security Agent and the Fiscal Agent with 
written certification that the Issuer is only seeking to 
implement mandatory provisions of the Turkish 
Covered Bonds Legislation applicable to the

--- Page 101 ---
87
Programme; and (ii) each Relevant Rating Agency 
has been notified in writing in respect of such 
amendment not less than five London Business Days 
prior to the proposed amendment; and
(d)
at any time after a change in the applicable law of 
Turkey 
(including 
in 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
Communiqué) that permits the Additional Cover to be 
made available to some or all of the Other Secured 
Creditors on a pari passu or priority basis to the Total 
Liabilities, any amendment to the Agency Agreement, 
the Security Assignment or any other Transaction 
Document to provide for such pari passu or priority 
treatment.
“New Dodd-Frank Requirements” means provisions, rules, 
regulations, directions, processes, guidelines and procedures 
relating to Dodd-Frank (including, without limitation, any 
associated regulatory or implementing technical standards and 
advice, guidance or recommendations from relevant 
competent authorities) which have been clarified, updated, 
delivered, amended, modified or become operative or 
applicable on or after the Programme Closing Date.
“New EMIR Requirements” means provisions, rules, 
regulations, directions, processes, guidelines and procedures 
relating to EMIR (including, without limitation, any 
associated regulatory or implementing technical standards and 
advice, guidance or recommendations from relevant 
competent authorities or ESMA) which have been clarified, 
updated, delivered, amended, modified or become operative 
or applicable on or after the Programme Closing Date.
“New MiFID II Requirements” means provisions, rules, 
regulations, directions, processes, guidelines and procedures 
relating to MiFID II (including, without limitation, any 
associated regulatory or implementing technical standards and 
advice, guidance or recommendations from relevant 
competent authorities) which have been clarified, updated, 
delivered, amended, modified or become operative or 
applicable on or after the Programme Closing Date.
“New Turkish Law Regulatory Requirements” means 
provisions, rules, regulations, directions, processes, guidelines 
and procedures relating to any relevant (present or future) 
Turkish law regulatory requirements relating to derivatives 
(including, without limitation, in each case, any associated 
regulatory or implementing technical standards and advice, 
guidance or recommendations from relevant competent 
authorities) which have been enacted, clarified, updated, 
delivered, amended, modified or become operative or 
applicable on or after the Programme Closing Date.
Any such amendment or modification shall be binding on the 
Covered Bondholders, Couponholders and other Secured 
Creditors and, unless the Fiscal Agent agrees otherwise, any

--- Page 102 ---
88
such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices).
Notwithstanding anything in the above to the contrary, any 
amendment or modification that may decrease the rights of 
any Agent or the Security Agent (in their respective individual 
capacities), as applicable, or may increase the obligations 
and/or liabilities of any Agent or the Security Agent, as 
applicable, including any amendment or modification to the 
definition of Reserve Fund Secured Creditor, shall require the 
consent of such Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable, 
which shall be in its sole discretion.
Any amendments, modifications or waivers in relation to the 
Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which are not 
covered by the above are, subject to the requirements for 
Programme Reserved Matters and Series Reserved Matters, 
required to be effected by Extraordinary Resolution (though 
substituting the phrases “not less than 75%” with “more than 
50%” in the definition of Extraordinary Resolution) in respect 
of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding (or, if 
applicable, a Series of Covered Bonds) and (except for 
waivers of compliance by the Issuer) require the consent of the 
Issuer.
Issuer Events..................................
An “Issuer Event” arises if one of the following events 
occurs:
(a)
if default is made in the payment of any principal or 
interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds or any of 
them and the default continues for a period of seven 
days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case 
of interest;
(b)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its 
obligations (other than any obligation for the payment 
of interest, Additional Amounts or principal due 
under the Covered Bonds or Coupons of any Series) 
under the Agency Agreement, the Transaction 
Security Documents or any other Transaction 
Document to which the Issuer is a party which failure 
could reasonably be expected to have a materially 
prejudicial effect on the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series and/or any Hedging 
Counterparties, and the Issuer has received notice of 
the reasonable expectation of such a materially 
prejudicial effect from the Security Agent and (except 
where such failure is, or the effects of such failure are, 
incapable of remedy, in which event no such 
continuation and notice as is hereinafter mentioned 
will be required) such failure continues for at least 30 
days after the Issuer’s receipt of such notice requiring 
such failure to be remedied;

--- Page 103 ---
89
(c)
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as 
defined 
in 
Condition 
11 
(Issuer 
Events; 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Issuer Event)) 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as 
defined in the Conditions) becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however 
described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due 
date for payment, subject to any applicable grace 
period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed 
Money 
becomes 
enforceable; 
or 
(iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
person, subject to any applicable grace period; 
provided that the aggregate principal amount of any 
such (A) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the 
Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of 
sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above and/or 
(B) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in relation to 
which such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer 
or such Material Subsidiary has been given in the case 
of sub-paragraph (iv) above, exceeds U.S.$ 50 million 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies);
(d)
if:
(i)
any order is made by any competent court or 
resolution is passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries;
(ii)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the 
whole or a substantial part of its business, 
save as provided below, and save for the 
purposes 
of 
reorganisation 
on 
terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Covered Bondholders, or the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops 
or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable 
to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any 
class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or 
for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found by a competent 
authority to be (or becomes) bankrupt or 
insolvent;
(iii)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
commences negotiations with one or more of 
its creditors with a view to the general

--- Page 104 ---
90
readjustment or rescheduling of all or a 
substantial part of its indebtedness; or
(iv)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
(A) takes any corporate action or other steps 
are taken or legal proceedings are started 
(x) for 
its 
winding-up, 
dissolution, 
administration, bankruptcy or re-organisation 
(other than for the purposes of and followed 
by a reconstruction while solvent upon terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Covered Bondholders) or 
(y) for the appointment of a liquidator, 
receiver, 
administrator, 
administrative 
receiver, trustee or similar officer of it or any 
substantial part or all of its revenues and 
assets or (B) makes or proposes to make a 
general assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors, or enters into any composition with 
its creditors,
in each case in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, save 
for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
reorganisation of any Material Subsidiary in 
connection with any combination with, or transfer of 
all or substantially all of its business and/or assets to, 
the Issuer or another Subsidiary of the Issuer;
(e)
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or 
permanently revoked or the Issuer is transferred to the 
Savings and Deposit Insurance Fund under the 
provisions of the Banking Law (Law No. 5411) of 
Turkey; or
(f)
if there is a Breach of Statutory Test.
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Soft Bullet Covered 
Bonds where the applicable Final Terms provide that the 
Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Covered Bonds to pay 
the Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final 
Maturity Date may be deferred past the Final Maturity Date 
until the Extended Maturity Date, the failure by the Issuer to 
pay the Principal Amount Outstanding on such Covered Bond 
on the Final Maturity Date shall (if not cured by the end of the 
applicable grace period) constitute an Issuer Event but shall 
not constitute an Event of Default.
Authorised Investments................
Pursuant to the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, the Issuer 
is entitled to draw sums from time to time standing to the 
credit of the Non-TL Designated Account(s) maintained with 
the Offshore Account Bank for purchasing Authorised 
Investments.  For the avoidance of doubt: (a) Hedge Collateral 
and/or amounts standing to the credit of the Hedge Collateral 
Account(s) may not be used to purchase Authorised 
Investments; however Hedge Collateral can (to the extent 
agreed between the Issuer and the applicable Hedging

--- Page 105 ---
91
Counterparty) be provided in investments (e.g., securities) 
other than cash; (b) amounts standing to the credit of the 
Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) may not be used to 
purchase Authorised Investments; and (c) amounts standing to 
the credit of the Agency Account may be used to purchase 
Authorised Investments only in the manner described in the 
Offshore Bank Account Agreement.
“Authorised Investments” means: (a) government and public 
securities; and (b) demand or time deposits, certificates of 
deposits and short-term debt obligations, in each case that are 
not denominated in Turkish Lira and provided that all such 
Authorised Investments meet the: (i) requirements for eligible 
assets that can be Substitute Assets; (ii) criteria (which are 
commensurate with the then current rating of the highest-rated 
Tranche of Covered Bonds rated by such Relevant Rating 
Agency) of the applicable Relevant Rating Agency (and 
should there be more than one Relevant Rating Agency, then 
any such investment must satisfy each of the applicable above 
minimum rating requirements); and (iii) requirement that they 
are denominated in the same currency as the currency of the 
applicable Offshore Bank Account.
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOW STRUCTURE
Collection Account ........................
On or about the Programme Closing Date, a Turkish Lira-
denominated segregated account was established, and has 
thereafter been maintained, at the Bank (the “Collection 
Account”).
So long as an Issuer Event or Event of Default does not exist, 
the Bank will deposit or credit within one Istanbul Business 
Day of receipt all collections of interest and principal and any 
other amounts it receives on the Cover Pool Assets 
denominated in Turkish Lira, other than payments under 
Hedging Agreements (if any) included in the Cover Pool 
Assets, into the Collection Account.  The Issuer will not 
commingle any of its other funds and general assets (including 
any Related Payments) with amounts standing to the credit of 
the Collection Account.  For purposes of calculating 
compliance with the Statutory Tests: (a) cash amounts 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account (and 
investments made with such amounts) shall not constitute part 
of the Cover Pool; and (b) the TL Designated Account (and 
investments made with such amounts) shall comprise part of 
the Cover Pool.
Unless an Issuer Event of the type described in any of 
paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition thereof or an Event of 
Default is then continuing, the Issuer will be entitled to 
withdraw amounts from time to time standing to the credit of 
the Collection Account that (if such amounts were transferred 
to the TL Designated Account) would result in there being 
funds that are in excess of any cash amounts required to satisfy 
the Statutory Tests (for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall 
not withdraw or use such amounts if a Potential Breach of

--- Page 106 ---
92
Statutory Test is continuing on the applicable withdrawal 
date).
Designated Account(s) ..................
On or about the Programme Closing Date, a segregated 
TL-denominated account was established, and has thereafter 
been maintained, at the Bank (the “TL Designated 
Account”).
Pursuant to Article 26(4) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, 
where the Cover Monitor determines that the Issuer has not 
satisfied the conditions specified in Article 26(3) of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué, it shall submit a notice to the 
debtors of the Mortgage Assets, notifying them that they have 
to make their payments to an account, which is not held with 
the Issuer and which does not belong to the Issuer, within the 
scope of Article 13(8) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, or 
to take equivalent measures approved by the CMB.
With respect to payments made to the Issuer on Substitute 
Assets in currencies other than Turkish Lira, the applicable 
accounts shall be located outside Turkey and maintained at the 
Offshore Account Bank.  A separate account will be 
established for each such applicable currency (such accounts 
together being the “Non-TL Designated Account(s)”, and 
together with the TL Designated Account, the “Designated 
Account(s)”) in the name of the Issuer.  Notwithstanding the 
above, such payments may be payable directly to the Issuer 
(including within Turkey and/or through a clearing system 
such as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg); provided that 
the Issuer shall transfer (within two Istanbul Business Days of 
receipt) all such amounts to the applicable Non-TL 
Designated Account(s).
Unless an Issuer Event of the type described in any of 
paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition thereof or an Event of 
Default is then continuing, the Issuer will be entitled to 
withdraw amounts from time to time standing to the credit of 
the relevant Designated Account(s), if any, that are in excess 
of any cash amounts required to satisfy the Statutory Tests; 
provided that the Issuer shall not be entitled to withdraw 
amounts from the Non-TL Designated Account(s) during the 
continuance of a Transferability and Convertibility Event 
other than in accordance with the provisions of the Calculation 
Agency Agreement and the Offshore Bank Account 
Agreement to pay Secured Creditors (for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer shall not withdraw any amount from such 
accounts if a Potential Breach of Statutory Test is continuing 
on the applicable withdrawal date).
“Transferability and Convertibility Event” means, with 
respect to any Series:
(a)
the occurrence of any event that is continuing on an 
Istanbul Business Day that generally makes it 
impossible to convert Turkish Lira into the applicable

--- Page 107 ---
93
Specified Currency in Turkey through customary 
legal channels; and/or
(b)
the occurrence of any event that is continuing on an 
Istanbul Business Day that generally makes it 
impossible to deliver: (i) Turkish Lira or the 
applicable Specified Currency from accounts inside 
Turkey to accounts outside Turkey; or (ii) Turkish 
Lira or the applicable Specified Currency between 
accounts inside Turkey to a party that is a non-resident 
of Turkey,
provided that where such impossibility to convert or deliver 
(as described in paragraphs (a) and (b) above) arises as a direct 
result of force majeure (including earthquake, but excluding 
any governmental action or laws that result in either 
paragraph (a) and (b) above), a Transferability and 
Convertibility Event shall only occur if the impossibility to 
convert or deliver continues for longer than ten Istanbul 
Business Days.
After the occurrence of a Potential Breach of Statutory Test or 
an Issuer Event, the Issuer shall procure that within two 
Istanbul Business Days of its detection thereof (and on each 
Istanbul Business Day thereafter for so long as such Potential 
Breach of Statutory Test or Issuer Event is continuing), all 
amounts on deposit in the Collection Account are transferred 
to the TL Designated Account.  The Issuer will not commingle 
any of its other funds and general assets with amounts 
standing to the credit of the TL Designated Account.
During the continuance of an Issuer Event or an Event of 
Default, the Designated Account(s) will be the bank 
account(s) used for the crediting of, inter alia, amounts 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account or in respect 
of the Cover Pool Assets (other than Hedging Agreements and 
Hedge Collateral) and to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds, including:
(a)
amounts in the Collection Account transferred to the 
TL Designated Account as described above;
(b)
any amounts (to the extent part of the Cover Pool) 
received by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage 
Assets; it being understood that such does not include 
Related Payments;
(c)
any amounts credited into the applicable Designated 
Account(s) by the Issuer from its own funds for 
effecting payments on the Covered Bonds; and
(d)
any amounts transferred by the Issuer or the 
Administrator, as applicable, in connection with the 
sale of Cover Pool Assets.

--- Page 108 ---
94
Non-TL Hedge Collection 
Account(s) ......................................
With respect to payments on the Hedging Agreements in 
currencies other than Turkish Lira, a separate account (each 
such account being a “Non-TL Hedge Collection Account”) 
will be established and maintained pursuant to the Offshore 
Bank Account Agreement for each applicable currency with 
the Offshore Account Bank in the name of the Security Agent 
for the benefit of and on trust for the Secured Creditors; it 
being understood that a transfer or delivery of Hedge 
Collateral is not a payment on a Hedging Agreement.  
Payments that are not in Turkish Lira made by the Hedging 
Counterparties to the Issuer under each Hedging Agreement 
will be credited to the relevant Non-TL Hedge Collection 
Account.
Hedge Collateral Account(s) ........
With respect to credit support provided by Hedging 
Counterparties to the Issuer pursuant to the Hedging 
Agreements, a separate account (each such account being a 
“Hedge Collateral Account”) will be established and 
maintained pursuant to the Offshore Bank Account 
Agreement for each applicable currency (other than Turkish 
Lira) and for each applicable Hedging Counterparty in respect 
of each relevant Hedging Agreement with the Offshore 
Account Bank in the name of the Security Agent for the 
benefit of and on trust for the Secured Creditors (to the extent 
such Hedge Collateral does not constitute Excess Hedge 
Collateral) and for the benefit of and on trust for the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty (to the extent such Hedge Collateral 
constitutes Excess Hedge Collateral).  Hedge Collateral 
provided to the Issuer by a Hedging Counterparty under a 
Hedging Agreement shall be credited to the relevant Hedge 
Collateral Account.
“Hedge Collateral” means, at any time, any asset or right 
(including, without limitation, cash and/or securities) which is 
paid, transferred or pledged by a Hedging Counterparty to (or 
for the benefit of) the Issuer as collateral in respect of the 
performance by such Hedging Counterparty of its obligations 
under the relevant Hedging Agreement, together with any 
income or distributions received in respect of such asset or 
right and any equivalent of such asset or right into which such 
asset or right is transformed.
All amounts deposited in, and standing to the credit of, a 
Designated Account(s) shall constitute segregated property 
distinct from all other property of the Bank pursuant to 
Article 13 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.
Events of Default ...........................
An “Event of Default” arises if one of the following events 
occurs and is continuing:
(a)
the Issuer fails to pay any interest (or any Additional 
Amounts) in respect of the Covered Bonds (including 
with respect to the Coupons) of any Series within a 
period of 14 Istanbul Business Days from the due date 
thereof; or

--- Page 109 ---
95
(b)
on the Final Maturity Date (in the case of Covered 
Bonds which are not subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date) or an Extended Maturity Date (in the case of 
Covered Bonds which are subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date), as applicable, in respect of any Series, 
there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due 
on such Covered Bonds on such date and such default 
is not remedied within a period of seven Istanbul 
Business Days from the due date thereof.
If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing in respect of 
any Series, then the Security Agent acting as directed by the 
Covered Bondholder Representative may serve a notice of 
default on the Issuer, upon the Issuer’s receipt of which the 
Covered Bonds of each Series shall become immediately due 
and payable.
In the case of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds where the applicable 
Final Terms provide that the Issuer’s obligations under the 
relevant Covered Bonds to pay the applicable Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may 
be deferred past such Final Maturity Date until the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date, the failure by the Issuer to pay the 
Principal Amount Outstanding on such Soft Bullet Covered 
Bonds on such Final Maturity Date shall not constitute an 
Event of Default but shall constitute an Issuer Event.
Investor Report..............................
On or before the Istanbul Business Day which falls 25 days 
after the expiration of each Collection Period (each an 
“Investor Report Date”), the Issuer will produce an investor 
report (the “Investor Report”) which will contain 
information regarding the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool 
Assets, including statistics relating to the financial 
performance of the Cover Pool Assets for the immediately 
preceding Collection Period.  Such report will be available to 
prospective investors in the Covered Bonds and to Covered 
Bondholders on Bloomberg and on the Issuer’s website.
“Collection Period” means the period from (and including) 
the first calendar day of a calendar month (or, in the case of 
the first collection period, the Programme Closing Date) to 
(and including) the last calendar day of such calendar month; 
provided that, in the event that the first collection period 
would (but for the operation of this proviso) be for a duration 
of less than 15 days, the first collection period means the 
period from and including the Programme Closing Date to 
(and including) the last calendar day of the calendar month 
following the calendar month in which the Programme 
Closing Date occurs.

--- Page 110 ---
96
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest 
coupons attached, or registered form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Covered Bonds and 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in “offshore transactions” to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S or otherwise in transactions that are exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Covered Bonds
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer 
global covered bond (a “Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond”) or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a permanent global covered bond (a “Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond, each a “Bearer Global Covered 
Bond”) which, in either case, will:
(a)
if such Bearer Global Covered Bonds are issued in new global covered bond (“NGCB”) 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original 
Issue Date of such Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and
(b)
if such Bearer Global Covered Bonds are not issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or 
prior to the original Issue Date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common 
Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Where the Bearer Global Covered Bonds issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGCB form, 
the applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Covered Bonds are intended 
to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that a Bearer Global 
Covered Bond is to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGCBs will be an entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
While any Bearer Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Covered Bonds 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary 
Bearer Global Covered Bond if such Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond is not issued in NGCB 
form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has/have given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Fiscal Agent.
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable 
(free of charge) upon a request as described therein either (a) for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond of the same Series or (b) for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and 
certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Covered Bonds.  The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the applicable Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange

--- Page 111 ---
97
of such Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond or for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation 
or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond) without any 
requirement for certification in the manner described above.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond or a 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
(a) not less than 60 days’ written notice given at any time from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein, (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event or (c) at any time at the request of the Issuer.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, 
(ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the 
Fiscal Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in sub-paragraph (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Fiscal Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Covered Bonds (other than Temporary Bearer 
Global Covered Bonds) and on all interest coupons relating to such Covered Bonds (where TEFRA D 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms):
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE”.
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 referred to above provide that 
United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Covered 
Bonds or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Covered Bonds or 
interest coupons.
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be 
transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Bearer Covered Bonds shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing 
system, a depositary or other institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance 
with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 14 December 2005.

--- Page 112 ---
98
Registered Covered Bonds
The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S in 
offshore transactions to persons other than U.S. persons will initially be represented by a global covered 
bond in registered form (a “Regulation S Registered Global Covered Bond”) or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, by a registered covered bond in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S 
Registered Covered Bond”).  Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Covered Bonds, Registered Covered Bonds offered and 
sold in reliance on Regulation S (including Definitive Regulation S Registered Covered Bonds) or 
beneficial interests therein may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds), and such beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Registered Global Covered Bond may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Covered Bonds will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions on transfer.
Registered Covered Bonds will be deposited with a common depositary and registered in the 
name of a nominee of that common depositary or, if the Registered Global Covered Bonds are to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure (“NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a nominee of that common 
depositary or common safekeeper, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Regulation S Registered Global Covered Bonds, Rule 144A Global 
Covered Bonds or IAI Global Covered Bonds (collectively, “Registered Global Covered Bonds”) will 
be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical 
delivery of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form (“Registered Definitive Covered Bonds”).
Where the Registered Global Covered Bonds issued in respect of any Tranche are to be held 
under the NSS, the applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether such Registered Global Covered 
Bonds are intended to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that 
a Registered Global Covered Bond is to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper 
for registered Global Covered Bonds to be held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global 
Covered Bonds will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the 
Register (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds)) as the 
registered holder of the Registered Global Covered Bonds on the relevant Record Date.  None of the 
Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests.  Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of 
the Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be 
made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.4 
(Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds)) immediately preceding the due date for payment 
in the manner provided in that Condition.
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole 
but not in part, for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds without interest coupons or talons attached 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: 
(a) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing 
system is available; or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which

--- Page 113 ---
99
would not be suffered were the Covered Bonds represented by the Registered Global Covered Bond in 
definitive form.
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Registered Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in sub-
paragraph (c) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur no later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Registrar.
Transfer of Interests
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global 
Covered Bond.  No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able 
to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable.
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds”), the Fiscal Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which 
is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds but is to be consolidated 
with such existing Tranche on a date after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Covered Bonds of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS 
number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Covered Bonds 
of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the further Tranche is so consolidated, which 
shall not be prior to the expiry of any applicable distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche.
A Covered Bond may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described 
in Condition 12 (Events of Default).  In such circumstances, where any Covered Bond is still represented 
by a Global Covered Bond and the Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Covered Bonds and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Covered Bond, then the Global 
Covered Bond will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following the 
applicable due date.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Covered Bond credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled 
to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) 
dated 21 October 2016 and executed by the Issuer.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Conditions herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Covered Bonds.

--- Page 114 ---
100
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of applicable Final Terms that, subject to any necessary amendment, will be 
completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  Text in this “Form of 
Applicable Final Terms” section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms.
[Date]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds (and beneficial 
interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”).  Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds (and 
beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds (and beneficial interests therein) or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA41. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 115 ---
101
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of 
the Covered Bonds is not “prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]”.]3
[insert date]
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.
Legal entity identifier (LEI): B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds]
(the “Covered Bonds”)
under the €1,000,000,000
Global Covered Bond Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 22 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date]] [and [date]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]4 (the 
“Base Prospectus”).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information5.  [The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s 
website ([insert website address]) [and the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/)]].
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue that is being 
increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [21 October 2016 and the 
supplements to it dated 16 March 2017 and 9 August 2017/24 January 2018/22 January 2019/3 February 
2020/22 April 2021 and the supplements to it dated [date] [and [date]], which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated 22 April 2021[, as supplemented on [date] [and [date]]] 
([together,] the “Current Base Prospectus”).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus, which constitutes a base prospectus [for the purposes of 
3 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.
4 Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.
5 Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.
6 Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 116 ---
102
the Prospectus Regulation]7 (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus 
has been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) [and the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/)]].
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs that are not 
applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]
[If the Covered Bonds have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the 
minimum denomination must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
1.
Issuer:
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.
2.
(a)
Series Number:
[]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[]
(c)
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series:
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond, as referred to in paragraph 22 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency:
[]
4.
USD Payment Election:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(Only applicable for Turkish Lira-denominated 
Covered Bonds)
5.
Aggregate Principal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[]
(b)
Tranche:
[]
6.
Issue Price:
[]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)]
7.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[]
(NB: Covered Bonds must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent).)
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed:
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  
7 Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 117 ---
103
No Covered Bonds in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000]”)
(b)
Calculation Amount:
[]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations)
8.
(a)
Issue Date:
[]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B.  an Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Covered Bonds, for 
example Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)
(c)
Trade Date:
[]
9.
(a)
Final Redemption:
(i)
Final Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]]
(ii)
Extended 
Maturity 
Date:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Insert Date if Applicable]
Notwithstanding anything in the Transaction 
Documents to the contrary, where Extended 
Maturity Date is Applicable, the failure by the 
Issuer to pay the Principal Amount Outstanding 
in respect of this Series on the Final Maturity 
Date shall (if not cured by the end of the 
applicable cure period) not constitute an Event of 
Default, but shall constitute an Issuer Event
(iii)
Extended 
Maturity 
Payment Date(s):
[Insert relevant dates.  Should correspond with 
Interest Payment Dates.]
(b)
Instalment Covered Bonds:
[Applicable/Not Applicable].
(i)
Instalment Amounts:
[]
(ii)
Instalment Dates:
[]
10.
Interest Basis:
[[]% Fixed Rate]
[[[] month [[currency] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/TRLIBOR]] +/- []% 
Floating Rate]
[Zero coupon]

--- Page 118 ---
104
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below)
11.
Redemption[/Payment] Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Final Maturity Date [(or, as applicable, 
Extended Maturity Date)] at []% of their 
principal amount
12.
Change of Interest Basis:
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) [] 
[(the “[Fixed/Floating] Rate Period”)], paragraph 
[15/16] below applies, and, for the period from 
(and including) [] up to (but excluding) the 
[Final Maturity Date][Extended Final Maturity 
Date] [(the “[Fixed/Floating] Rate Period”)], 
paragraph 
[15/16] 
below 
applies)]/[Not 
Applicable]
13.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[(see paragraph 19 below)]
14.
(a)
Status of the Covered Bonds:
Senior
(b)
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Covered Bonds 
obtained:
[] [Not Applicable] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular Tranche of Covered Bonds)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 15)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] [and []] in each year up to and including the 
Final Maturity Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [  ] (the “Stub Period”)]
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [  ] to, but excluding, the 
Final Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[[[]/Not Applicable]]
(d)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 119 ---
105
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form)
(e)
Broken Amount(s) (being the 
first interest payment after the 
Issue Date in the case of a short 
coupon):
[In respect of the Stub Period, [] per 
Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in/on] 
[]][Not 
Applicable]
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form)
(f)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/360]
(g)
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon)
16.
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond  
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[][[] subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in sub-
paragraph (b) below/[], not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
sub-paragraph (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [] (the “Stub Period”)]
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [] to, but excluding, the 
Final Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)]
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]
(e)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
[]

--- Page 120 ---
106
Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent):
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference 
Rate, 
Specified 
Time 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:
Reference 
Rate: 
[] 
month 
[[currency] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/TRLIBOR]]
Specified Time: []
(11.00 a.m. in the case of LIBOR and EURIBOR 
and 11.30 a.m. in the case of TRLIBOR)
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London]/[Brussels]/[Istanbul]

Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[]
(Second London Business Day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than 
Sterling or Euro LIBOR), first day of each 
Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR, the second day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or 
Euro LIBOR and the second Istanbul Business 
Day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
TRLIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page that shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back provisions 
appropriately)

Interpolation for Stub 
Period:
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable]

Reference Rate 1: [[] month [] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/TRLIBOR]/[Not 
Applicable]

Relevant Screen Page 1: []/[Not 
Applicable]

Reference Rate 2: [[] month [] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/TRLIBOR]/[Not 
Applicable]

Relevant Screen Page 2: []/[Not 
Applicable]
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
107

Floating Rate Option:
[]

Designated Maturity:
[]

Reset Date:
[]
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR-based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period)
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for LIBOR 
and/or EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time)

Interpolation for Stub 
Period:
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable]

Floating Rate Option 1: []

Designated Maturity 1: []

Reset Date 1: []

Floating Rate Option 2: []

Designated Maturity 2: []

Reset Date 2: []

ISDA Definitions
[2000 ISDA Definitions/2006 ISDA Definitions]
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-][]% per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[]% per annum/Not Applicable]
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[]% per annum/Not Applicable]
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 122 ---
108
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(See Condition 6 (Interest) for alternatives)
17.
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[]% per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18.
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 8.2 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons):
Minimum period: [] days
Maximum period: [] days
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 8.4 
(Redemption due to Illegality):
Minimum period: [] days
Maximum period: [] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent)
19.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
(i)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[]

--- Page 123 ---
109
(ii)
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [] days
Maximum period: [] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, e.g., clearing systems (which, in 
the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements that may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent)
20.
Final Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
21.
Early Redemption Amount:
(a)
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons (Condition 8.2 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons)):
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
(b)
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 
8.4 
(Redemption due to Illegality)):
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(c)
payable 
on 
redemption 
of 
Instalment Amounts (Condition 
8.6 (Instalments)):
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
(d)
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
events of default (Condition 12 
(Events of Default)):
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS
22.
Form of Covered Bonds:
(a)
Form:
[Bearer Covered Bonds:
[Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond that is exchangeable for Definitive 
Covered Bonds [on not less than 60 days’ notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]
[Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on 
and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds [on 
not less than 60 days’ written notice given at any

--- Page 124 ---
110
time/only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]]]
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Covered 
Bonds in paragraph 7 above includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]”.  
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Covered Bonds that is to be represented 
on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered 
Bonds)
[Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds]
[Bearer Covered Bonds shall not be physically 
delivered: (i) in Belgium, except to a clearing 
system, a depositary or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance 
with 
Article 4 
of 
the 
Belgian 
Law 
of 
14 December 2005; or (ii) in the United States of 
America]
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Covered 
Bonds in paragraph 7 above includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]”.  
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Covered Bonds that is to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered 
Bonds)
[Registered Covered Bonds:
[Regulation S Registered Global Covered Bond 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
exchangeable for Registered Definitive Covered 
Bonds [upon an Exchange Event][at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]]
[Rule 144A Global Covered Bond registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear

--- Page 125 ---
111
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Registered Definitive Covered Bonds [upon an 
Exchange Event][at any time at the request of the 
Issuer]] 
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Covered 
Bond]
[Definitive IAI Registered Covered Bonds]
[IAI Global Covered Bond registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Registered Definitive Covered Bonds [upon an 
Exchange Event][at any time at the request of the 
Issuer]]]
(N.B. In the case of an issue with more than one 
Global Covered Bond or a combination of one or 
more Bearer Global Covered Bonds and 
Definitive IAI Covered Bonds, specify the 
principal amounts of each Global Covered Bond 
and, if applicable, the aggregate principal 
amount of all Definitive IAI Covered Bonds if 
such information is available)
(b)
New Global Covered Bond:
[Yes][No]
(Relevant to Bearer Global 
Covered Bonds only)
[Eurosystem eligibility: [Yes][No]]
(c)
New Safekeeping Structure:
[Yes][No]
(Relevant to Registered Global 
Covered Bonds only)
[Eurosystem eligibility: [Yes][No]]
23.
Additional Business Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraph 16(c) above relates)
24.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Covered Bonds:
(Relevant to Bearer Definitive Covered 
Bonds only)
[Yes, as the Covered Bonds have more than 
27 coupon payments, Talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]
RESPONSIBILITY AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.
[[Relevant third party information,] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain

--- Page 126 ---
112
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.
Trade Registry Number: 32736 (Istanbul Trade Registry Office)
Mersis No: 0937002089200741 
Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok, 34330, Levent-İstanbul 
www.yapikredi.com.tr
By: ...........................................................
By: ...........................................................
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 127 ---
113
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(a)
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading:
[Application [will be/has been] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to 
be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [].][Not Applicable.]
(When documenting an issue of Covered Bonds 
that is to be consolidated and to form a single 
series with a previous issue, it should be 
indicated here that the original Covered Bonds 
are already listed and admitted to trading.)
(b)
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[].
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[Not Applicable][The Covered Bonds to be 
issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Covered Bonds of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]:
[Insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the European Union and is not 
registered under the CRA Regulation.]
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union but the rating 
it has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.]
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union but is certified 
under the CRA Regulation.]
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union and is not 
certified under the CRA Regulation and the 
rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in

--- Page 128 ---
114
the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage:
As at the Issue Date, [at least] []%.
Series Overcollateralisation Percentage:
As at the Issue Date, [at least] []%.
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests].
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only)
Indication of yield:
[]% per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of 
future yield.
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(a)
ISIN Code:
[]
(b)
Common Code:
[]
(c)
CFI:
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[include 
code]8/[Not 
[Applicable/Available]]
(d)
FISN:
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[include 
code]9/[Not 
[Applicable/Available]]
(e)
[(Insert here any other relevant 
codes such as CUSIP and CINS 
codes)]:
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
8 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.
9 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 129 ---
115
(f)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than DTC, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(g)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(h)
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Agent(s) (if any):
[]
(i)
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 16 (Notices):
Any notice delivered to Covered Bondholders 
through the clearing systems will be deemed to 
have been given on the [second] [business] day 
after the day on which it was given to the relevant 
clearing system.
(j)
Intended to be held in a manner 
that would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for registered 
covered bonds] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”) being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/
[No.  While the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable 
of meeting them, the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for registered 
covered bonds].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
6.
DISTRIBUTION
(a)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 130 ---
116
(b)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(c)
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement:
[]
(d)
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(e)
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(f)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [Rule 144A] 
[Rule 144A 
and 
Section 4(a)(2)]; 
[Rules 
identical to those provided in TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable]
7.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(a)
Reasons for the offer:
[]/[The net proceeds from the issue of the 
Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes]
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.  
If the reason for the offer is different from 
general corporate purposes, then such specific 
reason will need to be included here) 
(b)
Estimated net proceeds:
[]

--- Page 131 ---
117
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by 
reference to each Global Covered Bond and Definitive Covered Bond(each as defined below), in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such Definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Covered Bond and Definitive Covered Bond.  Reference should be made to 
“Form of Applicable Final Terms” and “Form of the Covered Bonds” for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered 
Bonds.
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by Yapı ve Kredi 
Bankası A.Ş. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below).
References herein to the “Covered Bonds” shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and 
shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Covered Bond;
(c)
any Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds issued in exchange for a Bearer Global Covered Bond; 
and
(d)
any Registered Definitive Covered Bonds (whether or not issued in exchange for a Registered 
Global Covered Bond).
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 
21 October 2016 (such agency agreement as amended and restated on 24 January 2018, 22 January 
2019, 3 February 2020 and on or about the date of this Base Prospectus, and as further amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made between the 
Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal 
Agent” and the “Exchange Agent”, which expression shall, in each case, include any successor fiscal 
agent and exchange agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, 
the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, as transfer agent (together with the Registrar 
(as defined below), the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
transfer agent) and registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar).
Interest bearing Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case 
of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds which have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for 
further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered 
Covered Bonds and Global Covered Bonds do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond, which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”).  References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond.
Any reference to “Covered Bondholders” or “holders” in relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean 
(in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) the holders of such Covered Bonds and (in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds) the Persons in whose name such Covered Bonds are registered and shall, in relation to 
any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, be construed as provided below.  Any

--- Page 132 ---
118
reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which (a) are expressed in the applicable Final Terms 
to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions which are the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the date from 
which interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the Issue Price.
The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such 
deed of covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 21 October 2016 and made by the Issuer.  The original Deed of Covenant is held by 
the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined in 
below).
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the “Deed Poll”) dated 21 October 2016 and made by the Issuer and the 
Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of 
each of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent and the other 
Transfer Agents (such agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the “Agents”).  If the 
Covered Bonds are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable 
Final Terms are available for viewing at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and will be published 
on Euronext Dublin’s website (https://live.euronext.com).  If the Covered Bonds are neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Covered Bondholder and such 
Covered Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its 
holding of such Covered Bonds and identity.  The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant, the Security Assignment, the Security Agency Agreement, the 
Calculation Agency Agreement, the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, the applicable Final Terms, 
the Cover Monitor Agreement, the Hedging Agreements and the other Transaction Documents which 
are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant, the Security 
Assignment, the Security Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, the applicable Final 
Terms, the Hedging Agreements and (other than the Final Terms for other Series, the Subscription 
Agreement for this or any other Series and the Programme Agreement) the other Transaction 
Documents.
Each Covered Bondholder and Couponholder, by reason of holding one or more Covered Bonds or 
Coupons (as applicable): (a) recognises the Security Agent as holding the Non-Statutory Security on 
behalf of Secured Creditors, including Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, pursuant to the 
provisions of the Transaction Security Documents and the Security Agency Agreement, acting in its 
name and on its behalf; (b) agrees to be bound by the terms of the Transaction Security Documents and 
the Security Agency Agreement as if such Covered Bondholder or Couponholder were a party thereto; 
and (c) acknowledges and accepts the terms of the appointment of the Security Agent as set out in the 
Security Agency Agreement and all of the provisions of the Security Agency Agreement relating to the 
exercise by the Security Agent of its powers, trusts, authorities, duties, rights and discretions contained 
therein.
Words and expressions defined in the master definitions and construction schedule made on or about 
the Programme Closing Date and signed for the purpose of identification by Allen & Overy LLP and 
White and Case LLP (as amended and restated on 24 January 2018, 3 February 2020 and on or about 
the date of this Base Prospectus, and as further amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the “Master Definitions and Construction Schedule”) and/or used in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 133 ---
119
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Master Definitions 
and Construction Schedule and the Conditions, the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
1.1
Form and Denomination of Covered Bonds
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s).  Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa.
1.2
General provisions applicable to all forms of Covered Bonds
The Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to the Capital Markets Law, the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué and other Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, as applicable.
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond or a combination thereof, depending upon the “Interest Basis” specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended 
Maturity Date applies to a Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Final Maturity 
Date, and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period from the Final Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the 
Conditions are not applicable.
1.3
Title to Covered Bonds
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery 
and title to the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by applicable law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond 
or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Covered Bond as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next two succeeding 
paragraphs.
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a Global Covered Bond deposited 
with and, in the case of a Registered Global Covered Bond, registered in the name of a nominee 
for a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or

--- Page 134 ---
120
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Covered Bonds 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Covered 
Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
principal amount of such Covered Bonds, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer 
Global Covered Bond or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Covered Bond 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such 
Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Covered 
Bond and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and “holder of Covered Bonds” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will 
be considered the sole owner or holder of the Covered Bonds represented by such Registered 
Global Covered Bond for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Covered Bonds 
except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any 
ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants.
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References to DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.
2.
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds
2.1
Transfers of Interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors 
and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable 
for Covered Bonds in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global 
Covered Bond only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and 
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  Transfers of a Registered Global Covered 
Bond registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Registered Global Covered Bond, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a 
successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee.
2.2
Transfers of Registered Definitive Covered Bonds
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered 
Definitive Covered Bond may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the 
holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Definitive Covered Bond for registration of 
the transfer of the Registered Definitive Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Definitive Covered Bond) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as 
may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after

--- Page 135 ---
121
due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the Person 
making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set 
out in Schedule 8 (Register and Transfer of Registered Covered Bonds) to the Agency 
Agreement).
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be 
required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws), authenticate and deliver, or procure 
the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Definitive Covered Bond of a like aggregate principal amount to the Registered 
Definitive Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Definitive Covered Bond) being 
transferred.
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Definitive Covered Bond, a new 
Registered Definitive Covered Bond in respect of the balance of the Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the 
transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the transferor.
2.3
Costs of Registration
Covered Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other 
than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or Agent may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be 
imposed in relation to the registration and/or transfer.
3.
Status of the Covered Bonds
3.1
Status of the Covered Bonds
Subject to the provisions of Condition 3.2 (Mortgage Covered Bonds), the Covered Bonds and 
any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu: (a) without any preference among themselves; and (b) 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer present and 
future, but in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating 
to creditors’ rights.
3.2
Mortgage Covered Bonds
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons are mortgage covered bonds (in Turkish, ipotek terminatlı 
menkul kıymet) issued in accordance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué.  The Covered 
Bonds and the Coupons are backed by assets forming the Cover Pool of the Issuer.  In 
accordance with the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, by virtue of the Transaction 
Documents, registration of Cover Pool Assets in the Security Register and any Security Update 
Registration, the Covered Bonds and related Coupons are secured by the Cover Pool (which 
includes all cash flows derived from the Cover Pool) and benefit from Statutory Segregation.  
In addition to the Cover Pool, the Covered Bonds are secured by the other Transaction Security 
(other than the Agency Account).
3.3
Turkish Lira Equivalent
For the purposes of determining the pari passu entitlement of any Covered Bondholder to 
payment in the Transaction Documents, any amount which is not denominated in Turkish Lira 
shall be notionally converted into Turkish Lira using the Applicable Exchange Rate.

--- Page 136 ---
122
4.
Negative Pledge
4.1
Negative Pledge
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each, a “Security 
Interest”) upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined 
below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same 
time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that:
(a)
all amounts payable by it under the Covered Bonds are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or
(b)
such Security Interest is terminated; or
(c)
such other Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Covered Bondholders.
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any 
Security Interest upon, or with respect to, any present or future assets or revenues or any part 
thereof which is created pursuant to (i) a bond, note or similar instrument whereby the payment 
obligations are secured by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third 
party guarantor) (any such instrument, a “Covered Bond” including, without limitations, any 
Covered Bonds under the Programme) or (ii) any securitisation of receivables, asset-backed 
financing or similar financing structure (including, but not limited to, transactions under the 
Issuer’s DPR securitisation programmes) (created in accordance with normal market practice) 
whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such 
Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such assets or revenues (or in the case 
of Direct Recourse Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the 
aggregate value of assets or revenues subject to any Security Interest created in respect of (A) 
Covered Bonds and (B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse 
Securities) of the Issuer, when added to the nominal amount of any outstanding Direct Recourse 
Securities, does not, at any time, exceed 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as 
shown in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with IFRS).
4.2
Interpretation
For the purposes of these Conditions:
“Direct Recourse Securities” means securities issued in connection with any securitisation of 
receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure 
(created in accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations 
secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such Security Interest are to be 
discharged principally from such assets or revenues, or by direct unsecured recourse to the 
Issuer;
“IFRS” means the requirements of the International Financial Reporting Standards (formerly 
the International Accounting Standards) issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (the “IASB”) and interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee of the IASB (as amended, supplemented or reissued from time to 
time); and
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being quoted, listed or

--- Page 137 ---
123
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over the counter or other organised securities market 
and having an original maturity at issue in excess of 365 days or any loan disbursed to the Issuer 
as a borrower under a loan participation note or similar transaction and (ii) any guarantee or 
indemnity of any such indebtedness.
5.
Covenants
5.1
Maintenance of Authorisations
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall take all necessary 
actions to maintain, obtain and promptly renew, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably 
necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, permissions, licences, approvals and 
authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and filings, which 
may at any time be required to be obtained or made in the Republic of Turkey (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, with the Capital Markets Board and the BRSA) for (i) the execution, 
delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents or for the validity or enforceability 
thereof or (ii) the conduct by it of the Permitted Business, save for any consents, permissions, 
licences, approvals, authorisations, registrations, recordings and filings (collectively, 
“Permissions”) which are immaterial in the conduct by the Issuer of the Permitted Business.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any Permissions relating to the Issuer’s ability or capacity to 
undertake its banking or financial advisory functions shall not be deemed to be immaterial in 
the conduct by the Issuer of its Permitted Business.
5.2
Transactions with Affiliates
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not 
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, in any 12-month period, make any payment to, or sell, lease, 
transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties, revenues or assets to, or purchase any 
properties, revenues or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, 
agreement, understanding, loan, advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with 
or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each, an “Affiliate Transaction”) which Affiliate 
Transaction has (or, when taken together with any other Affiliate Transactions during such 12-
month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess of U.S.$ 50 million (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction and each such other aggregate Affiliate 
Transaction is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary than 
those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such 
Subsidiary with an unrelated Person.
5.3
Financial Reporting
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Security Agent:
(a)
not later than 120 days after the end of each financial year, English language copies of 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared 
in accordance with IFRS consistently applied and BRSA accounting standards 
(“BRSAAS”), including comparative financial information for the preceding financial 
year, and such financial statements of the Issuer shall be accompanied by the reports of 
the auditors thereon; and
(b)
not later than 90 days after the end of the first six months of each of the Issuer’s 
financial years, English language copies of its unaudited consolidated financial 
statements for such six month period, prepared in accordance with IFRS consistently 
applied and BRSAAS, including comparative financial information for the 
corresponding period of the previous financial year.
For the purposes of this Condition 5:

--- Page 138 ---
124
“Affiliate” means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly 
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified 
Person, and, in the case of a natural Person, any immediate family member of such Person.  For 
the purposes of this definition, “control”, as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by 
agreement or otherwise.  For purposes of this definition, the terms “controlling”, “controlled 
by” and “under common control with” shall have corresponding meanings.
“Permitted Business” means any business which is the same as or related, ancillary or 
complementary to any of the businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date.
“Person” means (i) any individual, company, unincorporated association, government, state 
agency, international organisation or other entity and (ii) its successors and assigns.
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a 
majority of the voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint 
or remove a majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and 
controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer.
6.
Interest
6.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only.  The applicable Final Terms 
contain provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Final 
Maturity Date, the Extended Maturity Date (if any), the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable 
Determination Date.
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Final Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date, as applicable at the rate(s) per annum equal to the applicable Rate of 
Interest.  Interest will be payable on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, subject as provided in the 
Conditions, in arrear on the applicable Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
excluding) the Final Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable.
In the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the “Fixed Coupon Amount”.  In the case 
of any long or short interest period (a “Stub Period”), payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified in respect of such Stub Period.
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 139 ---
125
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered 
Bond, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds represented 
by such Global Covered Bond; or
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 6.1:
(a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(i)
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period; and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or
(ii)
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(A)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and
(B)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(b)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360.
In these Conditions:
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and

--- Page 140 ---
126
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent.
6.2
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Covered Bonds only.  The applicable Final Terms 
contain provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Covered Bonds.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, any 
maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where Screen Rate Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable 
Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest Determination Date(s) and 
Relevant Screen Page.
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date.
If a Business Day Convention (the “Business Day Convention”) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2, the “Floating Rate Convention” such Interest Payment Date 
(i) in the case of sub-paragraph (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis, or (ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the

--- Page 141 ---
127
month which falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(B)
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:
(I)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and Istanbul and each 
Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(II)
either: (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency; or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 
System”) is open.
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (i), the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period (other than a 
Stub Period) means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the 2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, each as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the 
“ISDA Definitions”) and under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 142 ---
128
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is either (1) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or 
on the eurozone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first day 
of that Interest Period or (2) in any other case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and
(D)
“ISDA Rate” for a Stub Period means a rate calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent by means of linear interpolation of the relevant ISDA Rate 1 
and the relevant ISDA Rate 2 in accordance with market convention.
ISDA Rate 1 and ISDA Rate 2 shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant 
to this sub-paragraph (i) on the same basis as the determination of the ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period that is not a Stub Period save that references in this 
sub-paragraph (i) to the Floating Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and the 
Reset Date shall be (I) in the case of ISDA Rate 1, to Floating Rate Option 1, 
Designated Maturity 1 and Reset Date 1, respectively, and (II) in the case of 
ISDA Rate 2, Floating Rate Option 2, Designated Maturity 2 and Reset Date 
2, respectively, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period (other than a Stub Period) will, subject as provided 
below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) that 
appear(s), as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service that displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable.  If five or more offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page of that service which displays the 
information), then the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, then one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, then one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations.
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
sub-paragraph (ii)(A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
sub-paragraph (ii)(B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case

--- Page 143 ---
129
as at the Specified Time, then the Fiscal Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (“Reference Banks”) to provide the Fiscal Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in 
question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with such 
offered quotations, then the Rate of Interest for the applicable Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent.
If, on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Fiscal Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Fiscal Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR) or the eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
or the Turkish Lira inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is TRLIBOR) or the inter-
bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR) or the eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
Turkish Lira inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is TRLIBOR) or the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, then the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period).
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of a Tranche of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or TRLIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms.
The Rate of Interest for a Stub Period means a rate calculated by the Fiscal Agent by 
means of linear interpolation of relevant Screen Rate 1 and relevant Screen Rate 2 in 
accordance with market convention.
“Screen Rate 1” and “Screen Rate 2” shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant 
to this paragraph (b) on the same basis as the determination of the Screen Rate for an 
Interest Period that is not a Stub Period save that references in this paragraph (b) to the

--- Page 144 ---
130
Reference Rate and the Relevant Screen Page shall be (i) in the case of the Screen Rate 
1, to Reference Rate 1 and Relevant Screen Page 1, respectively and (ii) in the case of 
Screen Rate 2, to Reference Rate 2, and Relevant Screen Page 2, respectively, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period.
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global 
Covered Bond, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
represented by such Global Covered Bond; or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount,
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Covered Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 145 ---
131
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2 ― Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1)
360
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2 ― Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1)
360
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 146 ---
132
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2 ― Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1)
360
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(A) that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (I) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Final Maturity Date or (II) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Fiscal Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and in consultation with an independent 
financial institution of international repute or an independent financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer) shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 147 ---
133
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
are for the time being listed and to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices).  For the purposes of this paragraph (f), the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.
(g)
Certificates to be Final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this Condition 6.2 and Condition 7.8 (U.S. dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish 
Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held other than through DTC) whether by the Fiscal 
Agent or, if applicable, any other Paying Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
manifest error or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Agents 
and all Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, and (in the absence of wilful default 
or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, any other Paying Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.
6.3
Accrual of Interest
The Covered Bonds (or in the case of the redemption of part only of any Covered Bond, that 
part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for their 
redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond (or, in the case of 
the redemption of part only of such Covered Bond, all amounts in respect of such part 
thereof) have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Covered Bond has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
6.4
Interest Rate and Payments from the Final Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds and the Issuer does not pay any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series on the applicable Final Maturity Date, 
then the maturity of such Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds is automatically extended beyond

--- Page 148 ---
134
such Final Maturity Date until the applicable Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 8.10 (Extension of Maturity up to an Extended Maturity Date).  Interest will continue 
to accrue and the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Final Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Final Maturity 
Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject 
to this Condition 6.  In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate 
determined in accordance with this Condition 6 on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each month after the Final Maturity 
Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date.  The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date.
If an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to a Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Final Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8.10 (Extension of Maturity up 
to an Extended Maturity Date), the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the 
Final Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, two Business Days after the Final Maturity Date in 
respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and 
including) the Final Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date is applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 6.4, the Principal 
Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Final 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance 
with the Conditions.
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds provides that such 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date, such failure to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date of such Series shall not 
constitute an Event of Default but shall (if not cured by the end of the applicable cure period) 
constitute an Issuer Event.
This Condition 6.4 shall only apply to Soft Bullet Covered Bonds with respect to which an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms.
7.
Payments
7.1
Method of Payment
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified 
Currency may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency.
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds will be subject in all cases 
to: (a) any fiscal or other laws applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation); and (b) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the 
Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof 
(“FATCA”) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA.

--- Page 149 ---
135
7.2
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal 
in respect of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 7.1 (Method of Payment) only against surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of Bearer Definitive Covered 
Bonds, and payments of interest in respect of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds will (subject as 
provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)).
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds 
(as defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which, the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount 
of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry 
of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9.1 (Payment without 
Withholding)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Bearer Definitive Covered Bond becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Final Maturity Date (or as the case may be, Extended Maturity Date), all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable prior to its Final Maturity Date (or, as the 
case may be, Extended Maturity Date), all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) appertaining 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons will be made in respect thereof.  A “Long Maturity Covered 
Bond” is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond (other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue 
had a Talon attached) whose principal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity Covered 
Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be 
paid after that date is less than the principal amount of such Covered Bond.
If the due date for redemption of any Bearer Definitive Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Bearer Definitive Covered Bond from (and 
including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Bearer Definitive 
Covered Bond.
7.3
Payments in Respect of Bearer Global Covered Bonds
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any 
Bearer Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
in Condition 7.2 (Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons) in relation to 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer 
Global Covered Bond, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, 
of such Bearer Global Covered Bond at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the

--- Page 150 ---
136
United States.  A record of each payment, distinguishing between payments of principal and 
payments of interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Covered Bond by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented.
7.4
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global 
form) will be made against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
presentation and endorsement) of the Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Specified 
Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Covered Bond appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained 
by the Registrar outside of the United Kingdom (the “Register”) at: (a) where in global form, 
the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, are open for business) before the relevant due 
date; and (b) in all other cases, the close of business on the 15th day (or, if such 15th day is not 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
is located), the first such day prior to such 15th day before the relevant due date (the “Record 
Date”).  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if: (i) a holder does not have a Specified 
Account; or (ii) the principal amount of the Covered Bonds held by a holder is less than 
U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will 
instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined 
below).  For these purposes, “Specified Account” means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register, and “Designated Bank” means 
a bank which processes payments in such Specified Currency.
Except as set forth in the final sentence of this paragraph, payments of interest in respect of 
each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business 
day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered 
Bond appearing in the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date at the 
address of such holder shown in the Register on the Record Date and at that holder’s risk.  Upon 
application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any 
payment of interest in respect of a Registered Covered Bond, the payment may be made by 
transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph.  Any such 
application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than 
interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds which become payable 
to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in 
writing to the contrary by such holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Covered Bond on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Covered Bond.
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for 
any delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Covered Bond as a result 
of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition 7.4 arriving after the due date for payment 
or being lost in the post.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the 
Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Covered 
Bonds, save as provided in Conditions 7.8 (U.S. dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish 
Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held other than through DTC) and 7.9 (Payments on 
Covered Bonds Held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars).
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Covered 
Bond, in respect of Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
Dollars, shall be paid by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified

--- Page 151 ---
137
Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and 
payment in U.S. Dollars for payment through DTC, in each case in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and Condition 7.9 (Payments on Covered Bonds Held 
through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars).
None of the Issuer or any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
7.5
General Provisions Applicable to Payments
The holder of a Global Covered Bond shall be the only Person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond in respect 
of each amount so paid.  Each of the Persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Covered 
Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for such Person’s share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.5, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Bearer Covered Bonds will be made at 
the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Covered Bonds in the manner provided 
above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
7.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) which (subject to Condition 10 (Prescription)) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in:
(i)
Istanbul;
(ii)
in the case of Covered Bonds in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; and

--- Page 152 ---
138
(iii)
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(b)
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency; or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open; and
(c)
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Covered Bond 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name 
of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an 
interest in such Registered Global Covered Bond) has elected to receive any part of 
such payment in that Specified Currency, a day on which commercial banks are not 
authorised or required by applicable law to be closed in New York City.
7.7
Interpretation of Principal and Interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable:
(a)
any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to such principal under 
Condition 9 (Taxation);
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds;
(e)
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 8.5 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 9 (Taxation).
7.8
U.S. dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held 
other than through DTC
(a)
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Specified 
Currency is Turkish Lira and interests in the Covered Bonds are not represented by a 
Registered Global Covered Bond registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, a 
Covered Bondholder as of the applicable Record Date may, not more than ten and not 
less than five Business Days before the due date (the “Relevant Payment Date”) for 
the next payment of interest and/or principal on such Covered Bond (such period, the 
“USD Election Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Agent to receive such 
payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish Lira (each, a “USD Payment Election”).  
Each Agent to which such an election is given shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the 
Business Day following each USD Election Period of the USD Payment Elections 
made by the Covered Bondholders during such USD Election Period, and, upon its 
receipt of such notification, the Fiscal Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the 
total amount of Turkish Lira (the “Lira Amount”) to be paid by the Issuer in respect 
of the Covered Bonds, the subject of such USD Payment Election and which is to be

--- Page 153 ---
139
converted into U.S. dollars and paid to the holders of such Covered Bonds on the 
Relevant Payment Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and 
Clause 5 (Determination of End of Distribution Compliance Period) of the Agency 
Agreement.
Each USD Payment Election of a Covered Bondholder will be made only in respect of 
the immediately following payment of interest and/or principal on the Covered Bonds 
the subject of such USD Payment Election and, unless a USD Payment Election is given 
in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and principal on those Covered 
Bonds, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira.
(b)
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11.00 a.m. 
(London time) on the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira 
Amount to the Exchange Agent, which shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira 
Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a purchase price calculated on 
the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, which conversion 
shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to that 
which the Exchange Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such 
rate, taking into account any spread, fees, commission or charges on foreign exchange 
transactions customarily charged by it in connection with such conversions, the 
“Relevant Exchange Rate”).  In no event shall any Agent be liable to any Covered 
Bondholder, the Issuer or any third party for the conversion rate so used.
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Covered Bonds the Specified Currency 
of which is Turkish Lira is limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such 
payments and, in the event that it fails to make any payment on the Covered Bonds in 
full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the relevant outstanding 
Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other amount 
as a result of any change in the Relevant Exchange Rate between the due date and the 
date on which such payment is made in full.
(c)
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this 
Condition 7.8 and the Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall notify the Fiscal 
Agent of: (i) the total amount of U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount; 
and (ii) the Relevant Exchange Rate at which such U.S. dollars were purchased by the 
Exchange Agent.  On each Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice 
to the applicable Covered Bondholders of such U.S. dollar amount and Relevant 
Exchange Rate in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as so notified to it by the 
Exchange Agent.
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will need to have received 
cleared funds from the Issuer by no later than 11.00 a.m. (local time in the relevant 
financial centre of the payment or, in the case of a payment in euro, London time) on 
each date on which any payment in respect of any Covered Bond becomes due in order 
to make any payments to Covered Bondholders on such Relevant Payment Date, 
including any such payments in U.S. dollars.  If the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds 
from the Issuer after such time, then the Fiscal Agent will use reasonable efforts to pay 
the funds (including any so converted U.S. dollar amounts) as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter.
(d)
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to 
purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly 
notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as soon as practicable upon receipt of such 
notification from the Exchange Agent, promptly notify the applicable Covered 
Bondholders of such event in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), and all payments 
on the applicable Covered Bonds on the Relevant Payment Date will be made in

--- Page 154 ---
140
Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective of any USD Payment 
Election made.
(e)
If it is not practicable for the Fiscal Agent, either itself or through the relevant Paying 
Agent, to make payment of the relevant amount of U.S. dollars on the Relevant 
Payment Date, then such relevant amount shall be paid as soon as practicable following 
such Relevant Payment Date.  No additional interest shall be payable in respect of such 
deferral of payment and such deferred payment shall not constitute an Issuer Event or 
an Event of Default.
(f)
To give a USD Payment Election:
(i)
in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, a Covered Bondholder must deliver 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, on any Business Day falling within 
the USD Election Period, a duly signed and completed USD Payment Election 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of 
any Agent and in which the holder must specify a USD bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 7.8 accompanied by the relevant 
Covered Bonds or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that such 
Covered Bonds will, following the delivery of the USD Payment Election, be 
held to the Agent’s order or under its control until the applicable U.S. Dollar 
payment is made; and
(ii)
in the case of Global Covered Bonds, a Covered Bondholder must, on any 
Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, give notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include notice being 
given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any depositary for any of them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in 
a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
from time to time.
(g)
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs of 
the purchase of U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro rata by the 
relevant Covered Bondholders relative to the Covered Bonds of such Covered 
Bondholders the subject of USD Payment Elections, which pro rata amount will be 
deducted from the U.S. dollar payment made to such Covered Bondholders; (ii) none 
of the Issuer, any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation whatsoever to 
pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, conversion fees, commissions or 
expenses or to indemnify any Covered Bondholder against any difference between the 
U.S. dollar amount received by such Covered Bondholder and the portion of the Lira 
Amount that would have been payable to the Covered Bondholder if it had not made 
the relevant USD Payment Election; and (iii) the Issuer shall not have any liability or 
other obligation to any Covered Bondholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. 
dollars of any amount paid by it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of 
any U.S. dollar amount to the applicable Covered Bondholders.
7.9
Payments on Covered Bonds Held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars
In the case of any Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond registered 
in the name of DTC or its nominee and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect of such Covered Bonds will be made to the applicable Covered 
Bondholders in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in such Covered 
Bonds has elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency in the manner

--- Page 155 ---
141
specified in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of DTC.
7.10
Definitions
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Accrual Yield” means, in respect of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, the yield specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
“Optional Redemption Amount” has, in respect of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, the meaning 
(if any) given in the applicable Final Terms.
“Rate of Interest” has, with respect to any Tranche, the meaning given to that term in the 
applicable Final Terms as further elaborated by Condition 6 (Interest).
“Reference Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: (a) the 
London inter-bank offered rate (“LIBOR”); (b) the eurozone inter-bank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”); or (c) the Turkish Lira inter-bank offered rate (“TRLIBOR”), in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
“Relevant Screen Page” has, in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, the meaning given to that term in the applicable Final Terms.
“Screen Rate Determination” means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined 
in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds).
8.
Redemption and Purchase
8.1
Redemption at Maturity
Subject to Condition 8.10 (Extension of Maturity up to an Extended Maturity Date), and unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in (except as provided in Conditions 7.8 
(U.S. dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-Denominated Covered Bonds held other 
than through DTC) and 7.9 (Payments on Covered Bonds Held through DTC in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars)) the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
8.2
Redemption for Tax Reasons
If:
(a)
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 9.1 (Payment without Withholding)) or any change or clarification 
in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which 
change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt 
and for the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final 
Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date the Issuer would be 
required to:

--- Page 156 ---
142
(i)
pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation); 
and
(ii)
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the 
prevailing applicable rates on such date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and
(b)
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer,
then the Issuer may at its option, having given not less than the minimum period and not more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered 
Bonds at any time at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: 
(i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred to in 
paragraph (a) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and (ii) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such Additional Amounts as a result of the change or amendment.
8.3
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
This Condition 8.3 applies to Covered Bonds that are subject to redemption prior to the Final 
Maturity Date (or, as applicable, Extended Maturity Date) at the option of the Issuer (other than 
for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons)), such option 
being referred to as an “Issuer Call”.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full 
information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum 
amount of Covered Bonds that can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods.
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds under this Condition 8.3, the Covered 
Bonds to be redeemed (“Redeemed Covered Bonds”) will be selected individually by lot, in 
the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by a Global Covered Bond, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”).  In the case 
of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 16

--- Page 157 ---
143
(Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the 
relevant Global Covered Bond will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 
and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date.
8.4
Redemption due to Illegality
If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of the Republic of Turkey or any 
change or clarification in the application or official interpretation of the laws of the Republic 
of Turkey, which change, clarification or amendment becomes effective after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (which shall, for the 
avoidance of doubt and for the purposes of this Condition 8.4, be the date on which the 
applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), it has or will, before the next Interest Payment 
Date, become illegal for the Issuer to allow to remain outstanding any Covered Bonds, then the 
Issuer may at its option, having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds at any time 
at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.  Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 8.4, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer; and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing, 
in each case, stating that it has or will, before the next Interest Payment Date, become illegal 
for the Issuer to allow to remain outstanding any Covered Bonds as a result of the change, 
clarification or amendment.
8.5
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 8.4 (Redemption due to 
Illegality), 8.6 (Instalments) and 12 (Events of Default):
(a)
each Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond) will be redeemed at its 
early redemption amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Early 
Redemption Amount”); and
(b)
each Zero Coupon Covered Bond will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face 
Amount”) calculated in accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where:
“RP”
means the Reference Price;
“AY”
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
“y”
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will 
be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number 
of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 
30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such

--- Page 158 ---
144
Covered Bond becomes due and repayable, and the denominator will be 360) 
or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable, 
and the denominator will be 365).
8.6
Instalments
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the instalment amount as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Instalment Amount”) and on the Instalment Date(s) specified in 
such Final Terms.  In the case of early redemption of Instalment Covered Bonds, the applicable 
Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 8.5 (Early Redemption 
Amounts).
8.7
General
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for 
Tax Reasons) or Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories (at the 
relevant time) of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions set out in Condition 8.2 (Redemption for 
Tax Reasons) or Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) for such 
right of the Issuer to arise have been satisfied and that the Issuer will have the funds in the 
relevant Specified Currency outside of Turkey, not subject to the interest of any other Persons 
(other than any ordinary course banker’s lien or similar encumbrance of the applicable account 
bank), required to fulfil its obligations hereunder in respect of the Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed and any amounts required under the Transaction Documents and/or the Turkish 
Covered Bonds Legislation to be paid at the same time pari passu with, or in priority to, such 
Covered Bonds (including any early termination amount or settlement amount payable to a 
Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement in connection with such redemption), and 
the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions set out above, in which event, it shall be conclusive and binding 
on all Covered Bondholders and Couponholders of the applicable Series.
8.8
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds (provided that, 
in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) in any manner, at any price in the open market or 
otherwise.  Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation.
8.9
Cancellation
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption).  All Covered Bonds so cancelled and Covered Bonds purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 8.8 (Purchases) (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
and cannot be reissued or resold.
8.10
Extension of Maturity up to an Extended Maturity Date
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to a Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Covered Bonds to pay their Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may be automatically deferred past that Final

--- Page 159 ---
145
Maturity Date until the applicable Extended Maturity Date if the Issuer fails to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount of those Covered Bonds in full on such Final Maturity Date.  Upon such 
automatic deferral, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining 
unpaid on the Final Maturity Date of such Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds plus accrued 
interest thereon may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date for such Series 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer shall give to the Covered Bondholders, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agents notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Soft Bullet Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
Upon such automatic deferral, the Issuer shall:
(a)
promptly liquidate all Authorised Investments that are Cover Pool Assets (it being 
understood that such does not include any investments that are Hedge Collateral) and 
Substitute Assets to the extent necessary to pay the Final Redemption Amount for such 
Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds;
(b)
deposit the proceeds of such liquidation (the “Liquidation Proceeds”) into the relevant 
Designated Account(s) (such proceeds to form part of the Available Funds); and
(c)
on the Final Maturity Date for such Series and on each Interest Payment Date after the 
Final Maturity Date for such Series thereafter up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date, apply all Available Funds towards the payment of any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Final 
Maturity Date of such Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds unless otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms; provided that where an Interest Payment Date 
(including any such date that occurs after the Final Maturity Date) of any other Series 
of Covered Bonds (or any payment by the Issuer under a Hedging Agreement) 
corresponds with such Extended Maturity Date, the Issuer shall apply all Available 
Funds towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of such Series of Soft 
Bullet Covered Bonds, such other Series of Covered Bonds and such Hedging 
Agreement(s), as applicable, on a pro rata basis.
In the case of Covered Bonds that are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Final Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable 
Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 8.10, the Principal Amount Outstanding shall 
be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date less any 
payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with the Conditions.
Any extension of the maturity of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds under this Condition 8.10 shall (if 
not cured by the end of the applicable cure period) be irrevocable.  Where this Condition 8.10 
applies, non-payment of the Soft Bullet Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity Date and the 
resulting extension of the maturity of such Soft Bullet Covered Bonds under this Condition 8.10 
shall (if not cured by the end of the applicable cure period) not constitute an Event of Default 
for any purpose or give any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder any right to receive any 
payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Soft Bullet Covered Bonds other 
than as expressly set out in the Conditions.  Where this Condition 8.10 applies, any non-
payment of the Soft Bullet Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity Date and the resulting 
extension of the maturity of such Soft Bullet Covered Bonds to their Extended Maturity Date 
under this Condition 8.10 shall (if not cured by the end of the applicable cure period) constitute 
an Issuer Event.
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 8.10, interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on such Soft Bullet 
Covered Bonds from (and including) the Final Maturity Date of such Covered Bonds to (but

--- Page 160 ---
146
excluding) their Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms and Condition 6 (Interest).
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the Principal Amount Outstanding of a Series of Soft 
Bullet Covered Bonds after the applicable Final Maturity Date, then the redemption proceeds 
shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds of such Series and the Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the relevant Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption.
This Condition 8.10 shall only apply to Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Soft Bullet 
Covered Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date.
8.11
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 12 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5 (Early Redemption Amounts) as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date that is the 
earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have 
been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Covered Bond has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices).
9.
Taxation
9.1
Payment without Withholding
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons (if any) 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(“Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Covered Bonds or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any payment in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon:
(a)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of 
the Covered Bond or Coupon by reason of such holder having some connection with 
any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond or 
Coupon; or
(b)
where such withholding or deduction would not have been imposed but for the failure 
of the applicable holder or beneficial owner of such payment to comply with any 
certification, identification, information, documentation or other reporting requirement 
to the extent (i) such compliance is required by applicable law, administrative practice 
or an applicable treaty as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of

--- Page 161 ---
147
deduction or withholding of, such Taxes and (ii) such obligor shall have notified such 
recipient in writing that such recipient will be required to comply with such 
requirement; or
(c)
presented for payment in the Republic of Turkey; or
(d)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an Additional 
Amount on presenting the same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days 
(assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6 (Payment 
Day))).
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the other Transaction Documents, 
in no event will the Issuer be required to pay any Additional Amounts or amount in respect of 
the Covered Bonds for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
FATCA (including pursuant to any agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code) or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA.
As used herein:
(i)
“Relevant Date” means, with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment 
first becomes due but, if the full amount of the money payable has not been duly 
received by the Fiscal Agent on or before the due date, it means the date, on which the 
full amount of the money having been so received, that notice to that effect is duly 
given to the applicable Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, as the case may be, in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
(ii)
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Turkey or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it in respect of the Covered 
Bonds or Coupons.
9.2
Additional Amounts
Any reference in the Conditions to any amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds shall 
be deemed also to refer to any Additional Amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 9.
9.3
Tax Sharing Laws
Each Covered Bondholder, by its acquisition of a Covered Bond, is deemed to agree, and each 
Paying Agent (with the consent of each Covered Bondholder, which consent is deemed to have 
been irrevocably provided) agrees: (a) to provide to the Issuer and each Paying Agent (or any 
agent acting on any of their respective behalf) all information reasonably available to it that is 
reasonably requested by the Issuer and/or such Paying Agent (or any agent acting on any of 
their respective behalf) in connection with the Tax Sharing Laws (“Tax Sharing Laws”); and 
(b) that each of the Issuer and the Paying Agents (or any agent acting on any of their respective 
behalf) may: (i) provide such information, any related documentation and any other information 
concerning such Covered Bondholder’s investment in the Covered Bonds to each other and/or 
any relevant tax authority; and (ii) take such other steps as it may deem necessary or helpful to 
comply with the Tax Sharing Laws; provided that the requirements of this Condition 9.3 shall 
not apply to any Covered Bondholder that is an Exempt Government Entity.  For the purpose 
of clarification, this is applicable only to the registered Covered Bondholders (or holders of 
Bearer Covered Bonds) and not to holders of beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds held 
through Clearing Systems.

--- Page 162 ---
148
10.
Prescription
The Covered Bonds (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in 
the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 9 (Taxation) therefor).
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or 
Condition 7.2 (Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons) or any Talon 
that would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2 (Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds 
and Coupons).
11.
Issuer Events; Consequences of the occurrence of an Issuer Event
For so long as an Issuer Event (either prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of an Event of 
Default) or (with respect to paragraphs (a) to (c) below) a Potential Breach of Statutory Test is 
continuing:
(a)
no further Covered Bonds shall be issued;
(b)
after the Issuer’s detection of such Issuer Event or Potential Breach of Statutory Test, 
all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account shall be transferred by the Issuer to 
the TL Designated Account within two Istanbul Business Days of receipt;
(c)
after the Issuer’s detection of such Issuer Event or Potential Breach of Statutory Test, 
all collections of principal and interest on the Cover Pool Assets will be dedicated 
exclusively towards the satisfaction of all the Issuer’s payment obligations towards the 
Secured Creditors, subject to: (i) in the case of the Other Secured Creditors, the 
provisions of Article 29 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué; and (ii) in all cases, the 
provisions of Article 13 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué; and
(d)
where Article 27(1) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué applies, an Administrator may 
be appointed by the CMB to manage the Cover Pool.
An “Issuer Event” arises if one of the following events occurs:
(a)
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in 
the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest;
(b)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its obligations (other than any obligation 
for the payment of interest, Additional Amounts or principal due under the Covered 
Bonds or Coupons of any Series) under the Agency Agreement, the Transaction 
Security Documents or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party 
which failure could reasonably be expected to have a materially prejudicial effect on 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and/or any Hedging 
Counterparties, and the Issuer has received notice of the reasonable expectation of such 
a materially prejudicial effect from the Security Agent, and (except where such failure 
is, or the effects of such failure are, incapable of remedy, in which event no such 
continuation and notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure 
continues for at least 30 days after the Issuer’s receipt of such notice requiring such 
failure to be remedied;
(c)
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event 
of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails

--- Page 163 ---
149
to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due 
date for payment, subject to any applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, subject 
to any applicable grace period; provided that, the aggregate principal amount of any 
such (A) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or (B) Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money in relation to which such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or 
such Material Subsidiary has been given in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, 
exceeds U.S.$50 million (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies);
(d)
if: (i) any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding-
up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; (ii) the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a 
substantial part of its business, save as provided below, and save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Covered Bondholders, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or threatens 
to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay its debts (or any class of 
its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found by a competent authority to 
be (or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent; (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to the general 
readjustment or rescheduling of all or a substantial part of its indebtedness; or (iv) the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (A) takes any corporate action or other steps 
are taken or legal proceedings are started (x) for its winding-up, dissolution, 
administration, bankruptcy or re-organisation (other than for the purposes of and 
followed by a reconstruction while solvent upon terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Covered Bondholders), or (y) for the appointment of a 
liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of 
it or any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (B) shall or proposes to 
make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or shall enter into any 
composition with its creditors, in each case in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, save for 
the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or re-organisation of any Material 
Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of all or substantially 
all of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or another Subsidiary of the Issuer;
(e)
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the Issuer 
is transferred to the Savings and Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the 
Banking Law (Law No. 5411) of Turkey; or
(f)
a Breach of Statutory Test.
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds where the applicable Final 
Terms provide that the Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Covered Bonds to pay the 
Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may be deferred past the 
Final Maturity Date until the Extended Maturity Date, the failure by the Issuer to pay the 
Principal Amount Outstanding on such Covered Bond on the Final Maturity Date shall (if not 
cured by the end of the applicable grace period) constitute an Issuer Event but shall not 
constitute an Event of Default.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of:

--- Page 164 ---
150
(a)
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities;
(b)
any borrowed money; or
(c)
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit.
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer:
(a)
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the 
financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements 
of the Issuer relate, are equal to) not less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of 
the Issuer, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited IFRS 
financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, provided 
that:
(i)
if the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer show negative 
assets at the end of the relevant financial period, the financial statements shall 
be read as if the words “net assets” were substituted by the words “total assets”, 
for the purposes of this definition; and
(ii)
in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements 
of the Issuer relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated IFRS 
financial statements of the Issuer for the purposes of the calculation above 
shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the 
acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to 
be a reference to such first mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been 
shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, 
adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer;
(b)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall, upon such transfer, 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary, and the transferee Subsidiary shall 
immediately become a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this paragraph (b) but shall 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary on the date of publication of its next audited IFRS 
financial statements unless it would then be a Material Subsidiary under paragraph (a) 
above; or
(c)
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the 
undertaking or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, represented (or, in the case of the 
transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the 
then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of the Issuer relate, 
represent) not less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer taken as a 
whole (calculated as set out in paragraph (a) above), provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary), shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer, its assets represent not 
less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (calculated as set out in 
paragraph (a) above), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary pursuant to this paragraph (c) on the date of the publication of its next 
audited IFRS financial statements, save that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on 
which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by

--- Page 165 ---
151
virtue of the provisions of paragraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue 
of any other applicable provision of this definition.
A report by the auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was 
not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all parties.
12.
Events of Default
12.1
An “Event of Default” arises if one or both of the following events occur and are continuing:
(a)
the Issuer fails to pay any interest in respect of the Covered Bonds (including with 
respect to the Coupons) of any Series within a period of 14 days from the due date 
thereof; or
(b)
on the Final Maturity Date (in the case of Covered Bonds which are not subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (in the case of Soft Bullet Covered 
Bonds that are subject to an Extended Maturity Date), as applicable, in respect of any 
Series there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on such Covered Bonds on 
such date and such default is not remedied within a period of seven days from the due 
date thereof.
At any time following the occurrence of any Event of Default and for so long as such Event of 
Default is continuing, the Security Agent acting as directed by the Covered Bondholder 
Representative (acting on the instructions of the Majority Instructing Creditor in accordance 
with Clause 4.26 (Rights, Duties and Responsibility of the Security Agent) of the Security 
Agency Agreement) may serve a notice of default on the Issuer (such notice, a “Notice of 
Default”), upon the Issuer’s receipt of which the Covered Bonds of each Series shall become 
immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.
In the case of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds where the applicable Final Terms provide that the 
Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Covered Bonds to pay the applicable Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may be deferred until the applicable Extended 
Maturity Date, the non-payment by the Issuer of the Principal Amount Outstanding on such 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds on such Final Maturity Date (if not cured by the end of the 
applicable cure period) shall constitute an Issuer Event.  This will not, however, constitute an 
Event of Default unless the Issuer fails to pay the Principal Amount Outstanding on such Soft 
Bullet Covered Bonds on the Extended Maturity Date or fails to pay any interest due on such 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds (subject to the applicable cure periods).
12.2
Enforcement
The Security Agent, at its discretion and without notice, may take such steps or proceedings 
against or in relation to the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Transaction 
Security Documents, the Covered Bonds, the Coupons and the other English Law Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party (or with respect to which the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and 
benefit therein have been assigned to it pursuant to the Security Assignment), but the Security 
Agent shall not be bound to take any such steps or proceedings unless so requested in writing 
by the Covered Bondholder Representative (acting on the instructions of the Majority 
Instructing Creditor in accordance with Clause 4.26 (Rights, Duties and Responsibility of the 
Security Agent) of the Security Agency Agreement) (subject in each case to being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction).
Pursuant to the Security Assignment, each of the Secured Creditors (other than the Security 
Agent) agrees with (or, by accepting the benefits of the Security Assignment, shall be deemed 
to have agreed with) the Security Agent and the Issuer that such Secured Creditor: (a) shall not

--- Page 166 ---
152
be entitled to take, and shall not take, any steps whatsoever to enforce the security created by 
or pursuant to the Security Assignment, or to direct the Security Agent to do so; and (b) shall 
not be entitled to take, and shall not take, any steps (including, without limitation, the exercise 
of any right of set-off) for the purpose of recovering any of the Secured Obligations owing to 
it or any other debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer or procuring the winding-up, 
examination, administration, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or reorganisation of the Issuer 
(or any analogous procedure or step in any jurisdiction in relation to the Issuer) in respect of 
the Secured Obligations; provided that if the Security Agent or the Receiver, having become 
bound to do so, fails to serve a Notice of Default and/or to take any steps or proceedings to 
enforce such security pursuant to the Security Assignment within a reasonable time, and such 
failure is continuing, then the Secured Creditors shall be entitled to take any such steps and 
proceedings as they shall deem necessary (other than procuring the winding-up, examination, 
administration, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or reorganisation of the Issuer (or any 
analogous procedure or step in any jurisdiction in relation to the Issuer) in respect of the Secured 
Obligations); and provided further that the Covered Bondholder Representative is entitled to 
direct the Security Agent to enforce the security created pursuant to the Security Assignment 
as more particularly set out in this Condition 12 and the Security Agency Agreement.
In acting on the instructions of the Covered Bondholder Representative, the Security Agent 
shall not be required to consider the interests of any other Secured Creditor.  The Security Agent 
shall not be required to take any action that would involve the Security Agent in any liability 
or expense (unless previously pre-funded and/or indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction).  
The Security Agent shall not, in any event, have regard to the consequences for individual 
Secured Creditors resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular jurisdiction.  No 
Secured Creditor shall be entitled to require from the Issuer or the Security Agent, nor shall any 
Secured Creditor be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the Transaction Security, any 
indemnification or other payment in respect of any consequence (including any tax 
consequence) for such individual Secured Creditor of any such exercise.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Security Agent shall be entitled to act in relation to all matters 
arising under the Conditions, the Security Agency Agreement, the Transaction Security 
Documents and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party as soon as it has received 
any instruction, direction and/or request from the Covered Bondholder Representative (subject 
in all cases to the requirement for the Security Agent to first have been pre-funded and/or 
secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction), and, if the Security Agent receives a conflicting 
instruction, direction and/or request from one or more Secured Creditors (other than the 
Covered Bondholder Representative) in relation to any such matter, then the Security Agent 
shall in no way incur any liability for acting or continuing to act as it was instructed, directed 
and/or requested by the Covered Bondholder Representative.
In order for the Covered Bondholders to direct or instruct the Security Agent under these 
Conditions, the Transaction Security Documents and/or the other Transaction Documents to 
which the Security Agent is a party, the Majority Instructing Creditor shall appoint the Covered 
Bondholder Representative on such terms as the Majority Instructing Creditor thinks fit, to act 
as the representative of the Covered Bondholders.  The Security Agency Agreement and the 
Agency Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings of Covered Bondholders to 
appoint the Covered Bondholder Representative.
13.
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons
Should any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, 
Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) upon payment 
by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to: (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, defacement or destruction; and (b)

--- Page 167 ---
153
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14.
Agents
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency 
Agreement.  If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names 
of such Agents will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer is entitled to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or 
approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar;
(b)
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be (in the case of Bearer Covered 
Bonds) a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) and (in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds) a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar) with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority;
(c)
so long as any of the Registered Global Covered Bonds payable in a Specified Currency 
other than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be 
an Exchange Agent with a specified office in New York City; and
(d)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5 (General Provisions Applicable 
to Payments).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents will be 
given to the Covered Bondholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices).
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered Bondholder or 
Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Agent is merged or converted, or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all 
or substantially all of its assets, to become the successor agent.
15.
Exchange of Talons
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet, including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription).
16.
Notices
All notices regarding the Bearer Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected 
that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered 
Bonds (if any) are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where

--- Page 168 ---
154
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers.
All notices regarding the Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent 
by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered 
Covered Bonds are listed on a relevant Stock Exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that Stock Exchange or relevant authority so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules.
For so long as any Global Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, there may be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds and, in addition, for so long as any Covered Bonds are listed on a relevant Stock 
Exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that Stock 
Exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of the Covered Bonds on the second business day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as applicable.
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Bearer Definitive Covered Bond) with the relative Covered 
Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds).  While any of the Covered Bonds 
are represented by a Global Covered Bond, such notice may be given by any holder of the 
Covered Bond to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve 
for this purpose.
Notices given by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to Covered Bondholders of this Series pursuant 
hereto shall also be delivered to all Hedging Counterparties (if any) that are parties to Hedging 
Agreements relating to this Series at the same time as they are given to such Covered 
Bondholders, which notices (unless published as provided in the first paragraph of this 
Condition 16) shall be delivered to each such Hedging Counterparty in accordance with the 
relevant Hedging Agreement.
17.
Meetings of Covered Bondholders and Modification
17.1
Meetings of Covered Bondholders
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of all Covered 
Bondholders or the holders of Covered Bonds of a particular Series to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement.  The following provisions are a limited summary of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  In relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Covered 
Bondholders holding not less than 5% in Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series.  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing in aggregate not less than a majority of the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being remaining outstanding, or at any adjourned

--- Page 169 ---
155
meeting one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented, except that, at any meeting, the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Covered Bonds or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Covered Bonds or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, altering the currency of payment of the Covered 
Bonds or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall 
be one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds in 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third in principal amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders of such Series, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all Couponholders of such Series.
A Programme Meeting (as defined in the Agency Agreement) may be convened by the Issuer 
and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not 
less than 5% in Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds. 
The quorum at any such Programme Meeting (including any adjourned meeting) convened to 
consider a Programme Reserved Matter (as defined in the Agency Agreement) is one or more 
persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than a majority in Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding.  A Programme 
Reserved Matter is required to be passed by a Programme Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement). 
A Programme Resolution passed at any Programme Meeting of the Covered Bondholders shall 
be binding on all the Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at the Programme 
Meeting, and on all Couponholders.
17.2
Modification
The Agency Agreement contains provisions relating to the modification of these Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents.  The following provisions are a limited summary of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer 
may agree, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, to inter alia, 
any modification of any of these Conditions or any Transaction Document which is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer: (a) of a formal, minor or technical nature or that is made for the purpose 
of curing or correcting any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest 
or proven error or any other defective provision contained herein or therein; (b) not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the Hedging Counterparties (in 
each case considered (i) as a whole and not individually and (ii) from a contractual perspective); 
or (c) to implement changes required as a result of any amendment, restatement, modification 
or other change to the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation or any other mandatorily applicable 
law, provided that each Relevant Rating Agency has been notified in writing in respect of such 
amendment not less than five London Business Days prior to the proposed amendment.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders and 
other Secured Creditors and, unless the Fiscal Agent agrees otherwise, any such modification 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
18.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further covered bonds having terms and conditions the same

--- Page 170 ---
156
as the Covered Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon, the date from which interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the 
Issue Price, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Covered Bonds, provided that: (a) there is no Potential Breach of Statutory Test, Issuer Event 
or Event of Default outstanding and that such issuance would not cause a Potential Breach of 
Statutory Test, Issuer Event or Event of Default; (b) the Issuer notifies each Relevant Rating 
Agency of any Series of Covered Bonds of the issuance not less than five Business Days prior 
to the relevant issuance; (c) if applicable, such issuance has been approved by the Capital 
Markets Board in accordance with the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation; and (d) if a Hedging 
Agreement is in place with respect to such outstanding Covered Bonds, a further Hedging 
Agreement (or amendment or other modification of such existing Hedging Agreement) is 
entered into with respect to such further Covered Bonds.
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders 
or any other Secured Creditors create and issue separate Series of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme subject to satisfaction of sub-paragraphs (a) and (c) above referred to in the 
immediately preceding paragraph.
Notwithstanding the preceding two paragraphs, in order to issue any other Series of Covered 
Bonds or any further Tranche of an outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, a Rating Agency 
Confirmation from the Relevant Rating Agency(ies) of any outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds shall have been obtained unless the new issuance is denominated and payable in Turkish 
Lira.
19.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of any Person which exists or is available apart from that Act and the rights and remedies of the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty(ies) in respect of the matters described in Condition 16 
(Notices) and the rights and remedies of the Security Agent as described herein, including in 
respect of the matters described in the preamble to Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title), 
Condition 5.3 (Financial Reporting), Condition 12 (Events of Default), Condition 17 (Meetings 
of Covered Bondholders and Modification) and Condition 20 (Governing Law and Submission 
to Jurisdiction).
20.
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
20.1
Governing Law
The Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Covered 
Bonds and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Covered 
Bonds and the Coupons are and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of England and Wales; provided that the Statutory Segregation referred to in Condition 3 
(Status of the Covered Bonds) is and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of Turkey.
20.2
Submission to Jurisdiction
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Couponholders, that the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any 
competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment 
or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) is to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds and/or the Coupons) and accordingly

--- Page 171 ---
157
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in 
London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating 
to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales).
The Issuer waives any objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London 
(and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any 
judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum.  To the extent allowed by law, the Covered 
Bondholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred 
to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds and the Coupons 
(including any Proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds and/or the Coupons) against the Issuer in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
20.3
Consent to Enforcement
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement and recognition of a judgment obtained 
in the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United 
Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally 
of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) according to the relevant provisions of the 
International Private and Procedural Law of Turkey (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any 
action is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in Turkey in connection with the Covered 
Bonds, and/or the Coupons, in addition to other permissible legal evidence pursuant to the Civil 
Procedure Code of Turkey (Law No. 6100), any judgment obtained in the High Court of Justice 
of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice 
of England and Wales) in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of 
the existence and amount of the claim against the Issuer, pursuant to the provisions of the first 
sentence of Article 193 of the Civil Procedure Code of Turkey (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 
and 59 of the International Private and Procedural Law of Turkey (Law No. 5718).
20.4
Appointment of Process Agent
Service of process may be made upon the Issuer at Beko plc (with a current address of Beko 
House, 1 Greenhill Crescent, Watford Herts, WD18 8QU, United Kingdom) in respect of any 
Proceedings in England, and the Issuer undertakes that, in the event of such process agent 
ceasing so to act, it will promptly appoint another Person as its agent for that purpose.  Failing 
this, the Security Agent may appoint an agent for this purpose; provided that the Issuer may 
thereafter appoint a replacement therefor.
20.5
Other Documents
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll submitted 
to the jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any 
competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment 
or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) and agreed to the service 
of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 172 ---
158
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
Security Assignment
Pursuant to the security assignment entered into on the Programme Closing Date by the Issuer 
and the Security Agent (the “Security Assignment”), the Secured Obligations owing to the Secured 
Creditors (including the Security Agent and any Receiver) are secured by, inter alia:
(a)
a security assignment over all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and 
future, in, to and under:
(i)
each of the Offshore Bank Accounts;
(ii)
the English Law Transaction Documents (other than the Security Assignment, 
the Programme Agreement, any Subscription Agreement and any deed 
expressed to be supplemental to the Security Assignment, the Programme 
Agreement and/or any Subscription Agreement), including, without limitation, 
any guarantee, credit support document or credit support annex entered into 
pursuant to the Hedging Agreements governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and any eligible credit support (as defined in the 1995 English Law 
Credit Support Annex, the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Deed or the 
1995 English Law Credit Support Deed, each as defined by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) delivered or transferred to the Issuer 
thereunder, including, without limitation, all moneys received in respect 
thereof, all dividends paid or payable thereon, all property paid, distributed, 
accruing or offered at any time to or in respect of or in substitution thereof and 
the proceeds of sale, repayment and redemption thereof; and
(iii)
all payments of any amounts that may become payable to the Issuer under the 
items described in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, all payments received by 
the Issuer thereunder, all rights to serve notices and/or make demands 
thereunder and/or to take such steps as are required to cause payments to 
become due and payable thereunder and all rights of action in respect of any 
breach thereof and all rights to receive damages or obtain other relief in respect 
thereof,
which is held unto the Security Agent absolutely for the Security Agent itself and on 
trust, subject to the terms of the Security Assignment, for: (A) other than Excess Hedge 
Collateral and the Agency Account, the Secured Creditors to whom the Secured 
Obligations from time to time become due, owing or payable; (B) in the case of Excess 
Hedge Collateral, for the relevant Hedging Counterparty as security for the Issuer’s 
obligations to repay or redeliver such Excess Hedge Collateral pursuant to the terms of 
the relevant Hedging Agreement to the relevant Hedging Counterparty; and (C) in the 
case of the Agency Account, the Reserve Fund Secured Creditors; and
(b)
a charge, by way of first fixed equitable charge to the Security Agent, over all the 
Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the 
Authorised Investments which are Cover Pool Assets (and all moneys, income and 
proceeds to become payable thereunder or thereon and the benefits of all covenants 
relating thereto and all powers and remedies for enforcing the same), which are held 
unto the Security Agent absolutely for the Security Agent itself and on trust, subject to 
the terms of the Security Assignment, for the applicable Secured Creditors to whom 
the Secured Obligations from time to time become due, owing or payable.
“English Law Transaction Documents” means the Security Assignment, the Security Agency 
Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, the Calculation Agency 
Agreement, the Hedging Agreements (to the extent governed by the laws of England and Wales), the

--- Page 173 ---
159
Subscription Agreements (to the extent governed by the laws of England and Wales), the Programme 
Agreement and any additional document (governed by the laws of England and Wales) entered into in 
respect of a Series of Covered Bonds and/or the Cover Pool and designated as an English Law 
Transaction Document by the Issuer and the Security Agent.
Immediately following the creation of the security interest referred to in sub-paragraph (a)(i) 
above, the Security Agent has declared that it shall hold all such right, title, interest and benefit, present 
and future, in, to and under: (i) each of the Hedge Collateral Account(s) and the Non-TL Hedge 
Collection Account(s) for the benefit of and on trust for the Secured Creditors (other than in respect of 
the Excess Hedge Collateral, which is held for the benefit of the relevant Hedging Counterparty); and 
(ii) the Agency Account for the benefit of and on trust for the Reserve Fund Secured Creditors.
Notwithstanding the assignment in the Security Assignment, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
exercise its rights in respect of the English Law Transaction Documents, but subject to the provisions 
of the English Law Transaction Documents and certain provisions of the Security Assignment.
Notwithstanding the security created by the Security Assignment, but subject to the security 
enforcement provisions contained in the Security Assignment: (A) amounts may and shall be withdrawn 
from the Offshore Bank Accounts in the amounts contemplated in, and for application in accordance 
with, the Conditions, the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement and 
the relevant Hedging Agreement; and (B) payments to be made under the Transaction Documents may 
be made by the Issuer and in accordance with the directions of the Issuer, subject as provided in the 
Offshore Bank Account Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement.  Any amounts so 
withdrawn or paid from amounts standing to the credit of the Offshore Bank Accounts shall be 
automatically released and discharged from the security interest created under the Security Assignment.  
Subject as provided above and for making Authorised Investments as permitted in the Security 
Assignment, no other payments may be made out of any of the Offshore Bank Accounts without the 
prior written approval of the Security Agent.
The Security Assignment Security will become enforceable upon the serving of a Notice of 
Default on the Issuer following the occurrence of an Event of Default that is continuing.  Upon the 
security becoming enforceable, the Security Agent will be entitled to appoint a Receiver and/or to 
enforce the security constituted by the Security Assignment, subject to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all actions, proceedings, claims and demands to 
which it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, charges, damages, expenses and liabilities which 
it may incur by so doing.
All moneys received by the Security Agent on the realisation or enforcement of the Security 
Assignment Security and other Non-Statutory Security (subject to the following paragraph) will be held 
and applied by the Security Agent in the following order of priority: (I) firstly, to pay, or procure the 
payment of, pro rata and pari passu, all amounts due to: (1) the Covered Bondholders in respect of all 
outstanding Covered Bonds; (2) the Couponholders in respect of all outstanding Coupons; and (3) the 
Hedging Counterparties in respect of all outstanding Hedging Agreements; and (II) thereafter, to use 
any amounts remaining after the satisfaction of sub-paragraph (I) above and constituting the Additional 
Cover (if any) or any other amounts permitted by the Covered Bonds Communiqué from time to time 
(to the extent remaining after all payments made pursuant to sub-paragraph (I) above have been 
satisfied; it being understood that the amounts used to make payments pursuant to sub-paragraph (I) 
above shall be deemed first to have been made from funds other than Additional Cover) to meet the 
Secured Obligations of the Other Secured Creditors permitted by Article 29 of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué; provided that if the Covered Bonds Communiqué is amended after the Programme 
Closing Date to permit Other Secured Creditors to have access to the Additional Cover on a priority or 
a pari passu basis with the Covered Bondholders and/or the Hedging Counterparties, then the Security 
Assignment Security (and, to the extent applicable, other Transaction Documents) shall (at the request 
of the Security Agent) be amended to reflect the statutory order of priority prescribed by the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué in respect of Additional Cover from time to time.

--- Page 174 ---
160
Notwithstanding the foregoing: (x) funds from the Agency Account shall be applied in payment 
of, pro rata and pari passu, all amounts due and payable to the Reserve Fund Secured Creditors; and 
(y) Excess Hedge Collateral shall be transferred or delivered by the Security Agent to the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty.  The Agency Account does not form part of the Cover Pool.  To the extent 
possible under applicable law, at any time after the security created by the Security Assignment has 
become enforceable, the Security Agent may (without notice to the Issuer) sell or otherwise dispose of 
the property subject to the security of the Security Assignment or any part of it and (notwithstanding 
the above) shall be entitled to apply the proceeds of such sale or other disposal in paying the costs of 
such sale or disposal and only thereafter in or towards the discharge of the Secured Obligations or 
otherwise as provided for in the Security Assignment.
The Security Assignment is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Security Agency Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Agency Agreement, the Issuer has appointed the Security 
Agent to act as the security agent and trustee of the Secured Creditors in connection with the Security 
Assignment, the other Transaction Security Documents, the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, the 
Calculation Agency Agreement and the Security Agency Agreement.
The Issuer has agreed to pay to the Security Agent a fee for acting as Security Agent and to 
reimburse the Security Agent for certain charges and expenses incurred by the Security Agent in 
connection with the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.
Notwithstanding any provision of any Transaction Document to the contrary, the Security 
Agent is not required: (a) to undertake any act that may be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or 
fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality to which the Security Agent is subject; or (b) to perform its 
duties and obligations or exercise its rights and remedies, or expend or risk its own funds or incur a 
financial liability, under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party where amounts are due and 
payable to the Security Agent under such Transaction Document and remain unpaid or the repayment 
of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not assured to the Security Agent.
In the execution and exercise of all or any of the trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
vested in it by any Transaction Document, the Security Agent may act by responsible officers or a 
responsible officer for the time being of the Security Agent.
In order for the Covered Bondholders to direct or instruct the Security Agent under the Security 
Agency Agreement, the Transaction Security Documents and/or the other Transaction Documents to 
which the Security Agent is a party, the Majority Instructing Creditor shall appoint a representative 
(which may be any person and need not be a Covered Bondholder) (such representative, the “Covered 
Bondholder Representative”) on such terms as the Majority Instructing Creditor thinks fit, to act as 
the representative of the Covered Bondholders.  The Covered Bondholder Representative shall, where 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, act as directed, instructed and/or requested by the 
Majority Instructing Creditor.
The Security Agent shall have no duty to verify the authority of the Covered Bondholder 
Representative and shall be entitled (without enquiry) to rely on any instruction received from any 
person whom the Security Agent reasonably believes to be the Covered Bondholder Representative.
“Majority Instructing Creditor” means, at any time, the holders of at least a majority in 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds then outstanding (with the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Covered Bonds not denominated in Turkish Lira notionally converted into Turkish Lira 
using the Applicable Exchange Rate).
None of the Security Agent, the Receiver nor any delegate, agent, attorney or co-agent 
appointed by the Security Agent (each a “Delegate”) will be liable for: (i) any damages, costs or losses 
to any person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of taking or not

--- Page 175 ---
161
taking any action under or in connection with any Transaction Security Document or the Non-Statutory 
Security unless caused by its negligence, fraud or wilful default or that of its officers, directors or 
employees; (ii) exercising or not exercising any right, power, authority or discretion given to it by, or 
in connection with, any Transaction Security Document, the Non-Statutory Security or any other 
agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in 
connection with, any Transaction Security Document or the Non-Statutory Security; (iii) any shortfall 
that arises on the enforcement or realisation of the Non-Statutory Security; (iv) without prejudice to the 
generality of sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, any damages, costs, losses, diminution in value or liability 
whatsoever arising as a result of: (A) any force majeure event; or (B) the general risks of investment in, 
or the holding of assets in, any jurisdiction; (v) any loss, cost, damage, expense or liability occasioned 
to the Non-Statutory Security, however caused, by the Administrator, whether or not acting in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué, or any other person (including any bank, broker, 
depository, warehouseman or other intermediary or by any clearing system or the operator thereof), or 
otherwise, unless caused by the negligence, fraud or wilful default of the Security Agent, the Receiver 
or a Delegate, respectively; (vi) any decline in value or any loss realised upon any sale or other 
disposition of any Non-Statutory Security pursuant to any Transaction Document; (vii) any decline in 
value or any loss realised upon any sale or other disposition of any Non-Statutory Security pursuant to 
any Transaction Document; or (viii) any deficiency which might arise because the Security Agent, the 
Receiver or the Delegate is subject to tax (other than in respect of its net income) in respect of the Non-
Statutory Security or any party thereof or any income thereon or any proceeds thereof.
“Non-Statutory Security” means: (A) any property, assets or undertakings (other than the 
Agency Account and the property, assets and undertakings included in the Cover Pool) charged, pledged 
or otherwise secured by the Issuer pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents for the benefit of 
the Secured Creditors; and (B) the Agency Account secured by the Issuer pursuant to the Security 
Assignment for the benefit of the Reserve Fund Secured Creditors.
For so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer has covenanted in the Security 
Agency Agreement in favour of, inter alios, the Security Agent (for itself and for the benefit of the other 
Secured Creditors) that it will at all times:
(a)
maintain a Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Exchange Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent 
with specified offices in accordance with the Conditions and at all times maintain any 
other agents required by the Conditions;
(b)
give notice in writing to the Fiscal Agent and the Security Agent promptly upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of an Issuer Event, Transferability and 
Convertibility Event or Event of Default and without waiting for the Fiscal Agent or 
the Security Agent to take any further action;
(c)
keep proper books of account (including books of record and other relevant records 
relating to the administration of the Cover Pool Assets and related matters in 
accordance with the Security Agency Agreement) and permit, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Security Agent, the Cover Monitor and any persons appointed 
by the Security Agent or the Cover Monitor (including any auditor or professional 
adviser of the Security Agent or the Cover Monitor) to whom the Issuer shall have no 
reasonable objection free access to such books of account at all reasonable times during 
normal working hours; provided that nothing in this paragraph (c) shall oblige the 
Issuer to disclose confidential information concerning customers of the Issuer or 
regarding any matters for which the Issuer would be entitled to claim exemption from 
disclosure by reason of applicable law binding on it;
(d)
administer and manage the Cover Pool in the manner described in Schedule 2 (The 
Cover Pool) of the Security Agency Agreement;

--- Page 176 ---
162
(e)
maintain the Cover Register in accordance with the requirements of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué and ensure that it is up-to-date at all times;
(f)
ensure at all times that the Cover Pool Assets are identified in such manner as is 
required to benefit from Statutory Segregation;
(g)
give to the Security Agent at all times such opinions, certificates, information and 
evidence as it shall reasonably require for the purpose of the discharge of the duties, 
powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it under the Security Agency 
Agreement, the Transaction Security Documents, the Offshore Bank Account 
Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement or by operation of law; provided 
always that the foregoing shall not oblige the Issuer to give any information 
non-disclosure of which is required by any applicable law;
(h)
deliver to the Fiscal Agent for distribution to any Covered Bondholder upon such 
Covered Bondholder’s written request to the Fiscal Agent:
(i)
not later than six months after the end of each financial year of the Issuer, 
English language copies of the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial 
statements for such financial year, prepared in accordance with IFRS 
consistently applied, together with the corresponding financial statements for 
the preceding financial year, and all such annual financial statements of the 
Issuer shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon; and
(ii)
not later than 120 days after the end of the first six months of each financial 
year of the Issuer, English language copies of its unaudited consolidated 
financial statements for such six-month period, prepared in accordance with 
IFRS consistently applied, together with the financial statements for the 
corresponding period of the previous financial year;
(i)
so far as permitted by law, at all times execute all such further documents and do all 
such further acts and things that are necessary at any time or times in the opinion of the 
Security Agent to give effect to the terms and conditions of the Security Agency 
Agreement, the Transaction Security Documents, the Offshore Bank Account 
Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement;
(j)
send to the Fiscal Agent and the Security Agent a copy of each notice given to the 
Covered Bondholders of any one or more Series in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices);
(k)
give prior notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Security Agent of any proposed 
redemption pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons) or Condition 8.3 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and, if it shall have given notice 
to the relevant Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Conditions of its intention, 
duly proceed to redeem any relevant Covered Bonds accordingly;
(l)
in the event of the unconditional payment to a Paying Agent or the Security Agent (in 
any case) of any sum due in respect of principal, redemption amount, premium (if any) 
and/or interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series or any of them being made after the 
due date for payment thereof, forthwith give or procure the Fiscal Agent to give notice 
to the Covered Bondholders of such Series in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
that such payment has been made;
(m)
give or procure that there be given notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with the Conditions of any appointment (other than the initial appointment), resignation 
or removal of the Fiscal Agent, Exchange Agent, Registrar or any Transfer Agent or 
Paying Agent as shown on the Covered Bonds or so published in accordance with the

--- Page 177 ---
163
Conditions as soon as practicable and in any event within 14 days after such event 
taking effect and within 30 days of notice received from the Fiscal Agent, Exchange 
Agent, Registrar or any Transfer Agent or Paying Agent of a change in its specified 
office, give notice to the Security Agent and to the Covered Bondholders of such 
change;
(n)
in order to enable the Fiscal Agent and/or the Security Agent to ascertain the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of each Series for the time being outstanding 
(other than for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of Covered Bonds of each Series 
for the time being outstanding for the purpose of the Programme Limit), deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent and/or the Security Agent promptly after being so requested in writing by 
the Fiscal Agent and/or the Security Agent, as applicable, a certificate in writing signed 
by an authorised signatory of the Issuer setting out the total numbers and Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of each Series which up to and including 
the date of such certificate have been purchased by or for the account of the Issuer or 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer, in each case held by them as beneficial owner, and the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of each Series so purchased 
which have been cancelled;
(o)
notify the Fiscal Agent and the Security Agent promptly upon becoming aware of any 
change in the ratings assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies to the Covered Bonds 
or any Series of Covered Bonds;
(p)
maintain its principal office in Turkey and that it will maintain at all times its Turkish 
banking licence issued to it by the BRSA in accordance with the Banking Law (Law 
No. 5411) of Turkey;
(q)
maintain all necessary authorisations to be an issuer of mortgage covered bonds (within 
the meaning of the Covered Bonds Communiqué);
(r)
give, within seven Istanbul Business Days after demand by the Security Agent or the 
Cover Monitor, any information required to comply with the terms of the Turkish 
Covered Bonds Legislation;
(s)
so far as permitted by law, from time to time upon request from a Relevant Rating 
Agency, provide such further information as such Relevant Rating Agency reasonably 
requests;
(t)
observe and comply with its obligations under the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation;
(u)
observe and comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents (to the 
extent not otherwise provided for above);
(v)
from the First Issue Date and on each London Business Day thereafter, maintain the 
Reserve Fund in an amount at least equal to the Reserve Fund Required Amount; 
provided that the Issuer shall not be considered to be in breach of its obligations under 
paragraphs (a) above to (nn) below if, during the continuance of a Transferability and 
Convertibility Event, it is impossible for the Issuer to deposit moneys to the Reserve 
Fund as a result of such Transferability and Convertibility Event;
(w)
maintain records in relation to the Designated Account(s) in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents;
(x)
maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the requirements for Cover Pool Assets 
and Hedging Agreements set out in the Covered Bonds Communiqué;

--- Page 178 ---
164
(y)
perform such checks and reviews as are required on each Statutory Test Date and Issue 
Date to ensure that each Cover Pool Asset included in the Statutory Test calculations 
is in compliance with the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria and the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué;
(z)
comply with the Statutory Tests (i.e., the Nominal Value Test, the Cash Flow Matching 
Test, the Net Present Value Test and the Stress Test).  The Statutory Tests (both their 
nature and their method of calculation) may vary from time to time to the extent that 
the Covered Bonds Communiqué is amended; it being understood that all Series of 
Covered Bonds are subject to the Statutory Tests as in force at the time of their issuance 
unless expressly provided otherwise by the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation.
The method of calculating the Statutory Tests shall (within the requirements of the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué) be determined by the Issuer, acting reasonably (and subject to any 
guidance, pronouncement, rule, official directive or guideline (whether or not having the force 
of law) issued by the CMB to the Issuer specifically or to covered bond issuers generally in 
relation to the method of calculating the Statutory Tests).  For the avoidance of doubt, with 
respect to any Covered Bonds with a floating interest rate, the Issuer may, at any time, perform 
such calculations utilising the interest rate in effect at such time;
(aa)
in addition to the Statutory Tests, ensure that the Nominal Value of the Cover Pool is 
not less than the product of: (i) the Turkish Lira Equivalent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds outstanding; and (ii) the sum of one plus 
the decimal equivalent of the highest then-existing Programme Overcollateralisation 
Percentage among all then-outstanding Series.  The then-existing Programme 
Overcollateralisation Percentage for each Series shall be specified in each Investor 
Report;
(bb)
if, on a Statutory Test Date, there is a Potential Breach of Statutory Test, cure any 
breach(es) of the relevant Statutory Tests within one month of such Statutory Test Date;
(cc)
if, in its own monitoring of the Statutory Tests, the Issuer identifies a Potential Breach 
of Statutory Test, promptly notify the Fiscal Agent, the Security Agent and the Cover 
Monitor of such breach and cure such breach within one month of its detection of such 
breach;
(dd)
maintain the Cover Pool for the benefit of all Covered Bondholders in compliance with 
the Statutory Tests;
(ee)
to the extent that any mortgage loan included in the Cover Pool is not in compliance 
with the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria, make such substitutions in the Cover Pool 
as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria; 
provided that no such substitution shall be required if the Statutory Tests are otherwise 
satisfied and the Issuer is otherwise complying with its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué;
(ff)
establish and maintain the Cover Register in accordance with the Turkish Covered 
Bonds Legislation;
(gg)
create Statutory Segregation over each Cover Pool Asset and segregate the Cover Pool 
for the satisfaction of the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the Hedging 
Counterparties and (subject to the provisions of Article 29 of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué) the Other Secured Creditors.
For the avoidance of doubt, a mortgage loan or derivative contract intended to become a Cover 
Pool Asset is required to meet the asset requirements set out in Article 10 (in the case of 
mortgage loans) and Article 11 (in the case of derivative contracts) of the Covered Bonds

--- Page 179 ---
165
Communiqué at the time of inclusion in the Cover Register.  In the event that a Cover Pool 
Asset thereafter ceases to meet the asset requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué (or 
failed to have satisfied such requirements at the time of its inclusion in the Cover Register), the 
Issuer is obliged under Article 13(5) of the Covered Bonds Communiqué to replace such assets 
with Cover Pool Assets that do satisfy the requirements of Articles 10 and 11 (as applicable) of 
the Covered Bonds Communiqué unless the Statutory Tests are otherwise satisfied and the 
Issuer is otherwise complying with its obligations under the Covered Bonds Communiqué (in 
which case, the Issuer is not obliged to remove any such ineligible Cover Pool Asset).
All Mortgage Rights relating to Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool are themselves included in 
the Cover Pool as part of the receivables of such Mortgage Assets; however, if it is subsequently 
judicially determined that all or part of the Mortgage Rights of the type referred to in 
paragraphs (a) and (c) of the definition of Mortgage Rights do not constitute receivables of 
Mortgage Assets for the purposes of Article 9 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué (once so 
judicially determined all such items being “Ancillary Rights”), then such Ancillary Rights 
shall not be Cover Pool Assets and thus not benefit from Statutory Segregation;
(hh)
apply the relevant proceeds of Ancillary Rights in satisfaction of any indebtedness 
owed by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents to the Secured Creditors as an 
unsecured contractual obligation only; it being understood that such Ancillary Rights 
shall not be Cover Pool Assets and thus not benefit from Statutory Segregation;
(ii)
at any time after the service of a Notice of Default (which has not been revoked (such 
revocation to be provided in the same manner as the service of a Notice of Default)), 
as an unsecured contractual obligation only, transfer (within two Istanbul Business 
Days of receipt) all Related Payments to the Security Agent for the benefit of the 
Secured Creditors to be applied in satisfaction of the Secured Obligations; it being 
understood that any such Related Payments shall not be deposited into the Collection 
Account or the Designated Account(s) and shall otherwise remain segregated from the 
Cover Pool Assets;
(jj)
at any time after the service of a Notice of Default (which has not been revoked (such 
revocation to be provided in the same manner as the service of a Notice of Default)), 
transfer (within two Istanbul Business Days of receipt) all payments made to the Issuer 
on Cover Pool Assets (other than Hedging Agreements) in currencies other than 
Turkish Lira to the applicable Non-TL Designated Account(s);
(kk)
in respect of Substitute Assets, comply with the Substitute Asset Limit and the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué relating to Mandatory Excess Cover 
Cover Pool Assets;
(ll)
act in a manner consistent with that of an experienced lender and servicer of mortgage 
loans granted to obligors in Turkey in respect of the Mortgage Assets in the Cover Pool; 
provided that:
(i)
during the continuance of an Issuer Event, the Issuer may not make any 
modification, variation, amendment, release or waiver of a Mortgage Asset, 
including as to, but not limited to, interest rates, repayment schedule and/or 
maturity of such Mortgage Asset other than in accordance with its 
then-prevailing servicing and collection procedures in respect of mortgage 
assets that are not part of the Cover Pool; and
(ii)
the Issuer shall service such Mortgage Assets with no less care than the Issuer 
exercises or would exercise in connection with the servicing of mortgage assets 
held for its own account as if such Mortgage Assets were not part of the Cover 
Pool;

--- Page 180 ---
166
(mm)
only make changes to the Cover Pool as set out below:
The Issuer shall be entitled (and, in the circumstances set out in Article 13(5) of the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué, shall be obliged to substitute Cover Pool Assets as set 
out in sub-paragraph (ii) below), subject to making appropriate Security Update 
Registration(s), to:
(i)
allocate to the Cover Pool additional assets at any time, including, for the 
purposes of issuing further Series of Covered Bonds, complying with the 
Statutory Tests and/or the Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage of any 
Series, maintaining the rating(s) assigned to any Series of the Covered Bonds 
and/or maintaining or increasing the creditworthiness of the Cover Pool; 
provided that such new assets meet the requirements of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué, comply with the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria and do not 
cause the Substitute Assets in the Cover Pool to exceed the Substitute Asset 
Limit; and
(ii)
remove (including to substitute) one or more Cover Pool Assets (including any 
Cover Pool Assets that cease to comply or did not comply at the time of their 
registration in the Cover Register with the requirements of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué and the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria) at any time in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué and to the extent not 
prohibited by the Transaction Documents; provided that, in addition to the 
requirements of the Covered Bonds Communiqué: (A) any assets added to the 
Cover Pool by way of substitution must comply with the Individual Asset 
Eligibility Criteria; (B) any assets added to the Cover Pool by way of 
substitution or any removal of assets from the Cover Pool does not cause the 
Substitute Assets in the Cover Pool to exceed the Substitute Asset Limit; (C) 
neither any Potential Breach of Statutory Test nor any of the Issuer Events of 
the type described in any of paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition thereof would 
occur as a result of such removal or Cover Pool Asset Substitution; and (D) 
any collections in respect of any such removed Cover Pool Assets will no 
longer be transferred to the Collection Account.  The Issuer is obliged to 
substitute any Cover Pool Assets that cease to comply with the requirements 
of the Covered Bonds Communiqué or the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria 
unless the Statutory Tests are otherwise satisfied and the Issuer is otherwise 
complying with its obligations under the Covered Bonds Communiqué (in 
which case, the Issuer may either keep such ineligible Cover Pool Asset within 
the Cover Pool or remove such ineligible Cover Pool Asset without new 
eligible assets being registered in the Cover Pool).  By the tenth Istanbul 
Business Day after the end of each calendar month, the Issuer shall submit a 
report relating to the last test made during the preceding calendar month to the 
Cover Monitor.
It is agreed that: (A) upon the occurrence of any Potential Breach of Statutory Test or 
an Issuer Event that is continuing, no Cover Pool Assets can be removed or substituted 
from the Cover Pool unless such removal or substitution is required pursuant to the 
provisions of the Covered Bonds Communiqué; and (B) upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Default that is continuing, no Cover Pool Assets can be removed or substituted 
from the Cover Pool unless: (1) such removal or substitution is required pursuant to the 
provisions of the Covered Bonds Communiqué; or (2) such substitution or removal is 
made by the Administrator in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué or by the Security Agent in accordance with the Transaction Documents; 
and

--- Page 181 ---
167
(nn)
on or before the Investor Report Date after each Collection Period, the Issuer will 
produce an Investor Report for such Collection Period.
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Agency Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted to maintain 
the TL Designated Account and the Collection Account.
So long as an Issuer Event or Event of Default does not exist, the Issuer will deposit or credit 
within one Istanbul Business Day of receipt all collections of interest and principal and any other 
amounts it receives on the Cover Pool Assets denominated in Turkish Lira, other than payments under 
Hedging Agreements (if any) included in the Cover Pool Assets, into the Collection Account.  The 
Issuer will not commingle any of its other funds and general assets (including any Related Payments) 
with amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account.
For purposes of calculating compliance with the Statutory Tests: (a) cash amounts standing to 
the credit of the Collection Account (and investments made with such amounts) shall not constitute part 
of the Cover Pool; and (b) the TL Designated Account (and investments made with such amounts) shall 
comprise part of the Cover Pool.
All amounts deposited in, and standing to the credit of, the Collection Account and the TL 
Designated Account shall constitute segregated property distinct from all other property of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 13 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.
Unless an Issuer Event of the type described in any of paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition 
thereof or an Event of Default is then continuing, the Issuer will be entitled to withdraw any amounts 
from time to time standing to the credit of the Collection Account, if any, that (if such amounts were 
transferred to the TL Designated Account) would result in there being funds that are in excess of any 
cash amounts required to satisfy the Statutory Tests (for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not 
withdraw any amount from such accounts if a Potential Breach of Statutory Test is continuing on the 
applicable withdrawal date).
Unless an Issuer Event of the type described in any of paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition 
thereof or an Event of Default is then continuing, the Issuer will be entitled to withdraw amounts from 
time to time standing to the credit of the relevant Designated Account(s), if any, that are in excess of 
any cash amounts required to satisfy the Statutory Tests; provided that the Issuer shall not be entitled 
to withdraw amounts from the Non-TL Designated Account(s) during the continuance of a 
Transferability and Convertibility Event other than in accordance with the provisions of the Calculation 
Agency Agreement and the Offshore Bank Account Agreement to pay Secured Creditors (for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not withdraw any amount from such accounts if a Potential Breach 
of Statutory Test is continuing on the applicable withdrawal date).
After the occurrence of a Potential Breach of Statutory Test or an Issuer Event, the Issuer shall 
procure that within two Istanbul Business Days of its detection thereof (and on each Istanbul Business 
Day thereafter for so long as such Potential Breach of Statutory Test or Issuer Event is continuing), all 
amounts on deposit in the Collection Account are transferred to the TL Designated Account.  The Issuer 
will not commingle any of its other funds and general assets with amounts standing to the credit of the 
TL Designated Account.
The Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) and the Hedge Collateral Account(s) are described 
in “—Offshore Bank Account Agreement”.
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London, England.
The Security Agency Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.

--- Page 182 ---
168
Offshore Bank Account Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of the offshore bank account agreement entered into on the Programme 
Closing Date between the Issuer, the Offshore Account Bank, the Security Agent and the Calculation 
Agent (the “Offshore Bank Account Agreement”), the Issuer has appointed (and the Offshore 
Account Bank has accepted such appointment) the Offshore Account Bank to perform certain duties, 
including:
(a)
acting on the instructions of the Issuer, the Security Agent and/or the Administrator, as 
applicable, or information provided by the Calculation Agent;
(b)
making payments from the Offshore Bank Accounts as instructed by the Issuer (or, if 
an Administrator has been appointed, the Administrator) and/or the Security Agent, as 
applicable; and
(c)
providing the Issuer (or, if an Administrator has been appointed, the Administrator), 
the Security Agent and/or the Calculation Agent with details of the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Offshore Bank Accounts from time to time that the Issuer (or, if an 
Administrator has been appointed, the Administrator), the Security Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent may request, including in order for them to make the calculations 
required in performing their respective obligations (including making calculations 
required under the Hedging Agreements, including for the related payments) and 
exercising their respective rights under the Transaction Documents.
As of the Programme Closing Date, the following accounts have been opened at the Offshore 
Account Bank:
(a)
the euro Non-TL Designated Account in the name of the Issuer (as to which see 
Clause 5 (Non-TL Designated Account(s)) of the Offshore Bank Account Agreement) 
(which account is a Non-TL Designated Account);
(b)
the U.S. dollar Non-TL Designated Account in the name of the Issuer (as to which see 
Clause 5 (Non-TL Designated Account(s)) of the Offshore Bank Account Agreement) 
(which account is a Non-TL Designated Account); and
(c)
the U.S. dollar Agency Account (as to which see Clause 9 (Agency Account) of the 
Offshore Bank Account Agreement) in the name of the Security Agent (which account 
is not a Non-TL Designated Account).
Non-TL Designated Accounts
With respect to amounts received on Substitute Assets in currencies other than Turkish Lira, a 
separate Non-TL Designated Account will be established in the name of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Offshore Bank Account Agreement for each applicable currency.  Save as provided in the Offshore 
Bank Account Agreement, no amount other than those deriving from Substitute Assets shall be paid 
into the Non-TL Designated Account(s).  Notwithstanding the above, such amounts may be payable 
directly to the Issuer (including within Turkey and/or through a clearing system such as Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg); provided that the Issuer shall transfer (within two Istanbul Business Days 
of receipt) all such amounts to the applicable Non-TL Designated Account(s).
Other than to make Authorised Investments, no amounts shall be withdrawn from the Non-TL 
Designated Accounts (by the Issuer or otherwise) other than for the purposes of making payment to a 
Secured Creditor in accordance with the process of Clause 5.3 (Instructions from the Issuer and/or the 
Administrator) of the Offshore Bank Account Agreement unless the Security Agent provides its prior 
written consent.  Such consent shall be provided by the Security Agent (without further enquiry) 
following its receipt of certification by the Issuer that: (a) no Reconciliation Event has occurred and is 
continuing; (b) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and (c) immediately following such

--- Page 183 ---
169
withdrawal, the Statutory Tests and the Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage will continue to 
be satisfied.
“Reconciliation Event” means the occurrence of an Issuer Event described in any of 
paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition thereof or the occurrence of a Transferability and Convertibility 
Event, in each case which is continuing.
Subject to Clauses 2.4 (No Negative Balance) and 13.3 (Consequences of Security Agent 
Notice) of the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, the Offshore Account Bank shall comply with any 
direction of the Issuer given on any London Business Day to effect a payment to a Secured Creditor by 
debiting any one of the Non-TL Designated Account(s): (a) if such direction: (i) is in writing in a manner 
required by the Offshore Bank Account Agreement or given through the internet banking service 
provided by the Offshore Account Bank; and (ii) complies with the mandates delivered by the Issuer or 
the Security Agent to the Offshore Account Bank (such direction shall constitute an irrevocable 
payment instruction); and (b) unless the Offshore Account Bank has been notified by the Calculation 
Agent of the occurrence of a Reconciliation Reporting Event (if a Reconciliation Event has occurred 
and is then continuing).  The Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer, the Offshore Account 
Bank and the Security Agent of the occurrence of a Reconciliation Reporting Event.
Amounts to be credited into the Non-TL Designated Account(s) include: (a) any amounts 
received by the Issuer in respect of the Substitute Assets and Authorised Investments that (in each case) 
are Cover Pool Assets, are not denominated in Turkish Lira and do not relate to the Agency Account; 
(b) any amounts credited into the applicable Non-TL Designated Account(s) by the Issuer from its own 
funds for effecting payments to Secured Creditors of Secured Obligations that are not denominated in 
Turkish Lira; (c) any amounts transferred by the Issuer in connection with the sale of Cover Pool Assets 
that are not denominated in Turkish Lira; and (d) any amounts transferred from the Non-TL Hedge 
Collection Account(s) at the request of the Issuer in the circumstances specified in the Offshore Bank 
Account Agreement.
Subject to the Substitute Asset Limit, cash amounts standing to the credit of the Non-TL 
Designated Account(s) (and Authorised Investments made with such amounts) shall constitute part of 
the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests; it being understood that the amounts described 
in sub-paragraph (c) of the previous paragraph derived from Mortgage Assets are not subject to the 
Substitute Asset Limit as they are collections on such Mortgage Assets.  All amounts deposited in, and 
standing to the credit of, the Non-TL Designated Account(s) shall constitute segregated property distinct 
from all other property of the Issuer pursuant to Article 13 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.
Hedge Collateral Accounts
With respect to credit support provided to the Issuer by the Hedging Counterparties pursuant to 
the Hedging Agreements, a separate Hedge Collateral Account will be established and maintained 
pursuant to the Offshore Bank Account Agreement for each applicable currency (other than Turkish 
Lira) and for each applicable Hedging Counterparty in respect of each relevant Hedging Agreement.  
The Hedge Collateral Accounts will be held with the Offshore Account Bank in the name of the Security 
Agent for the benefit of and on trust for the Secured Creditors (to the extent such Hedge Collateral does 
not constitute Excess Hedge Collateral) and for the benefit of and on trust for the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty (to the extent such Hedge Collateral constitutes Excess Hedge Collateral).
For the avoidance of doubt, Hedge Collateral will be deposited in a Hedge Collateral Account 
regardless of whether a Reconciliation Event or an Event of Default has occurred.
Payments, deliveries and/or transfers of Hedge Collateral to the relevant Hedge Collateral 
Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Hedging Agreement.
Subject to Clauses 6.4 (Hedge Collateral Account(s)), 6.5 (Hedge Collateral Account(s)) and 
6.6 (Hedge Collateral Account(s)) of the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, payments, deliveries 
and/or transfers of Hedge Collateral from the relevant Hedge Collateral Account shall be made solely

--- Page 184 ---
170
for the purpose of making payments or deliveries in respect of: (a) any Settlement Amount (as defined 
in the ISDA Master Agreement), any Close-out Amount (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement) or 
analogous payment; (b) any Return Amount (as defined in the 1995 English Law Credit Support Annex, 
the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex or the 1995 English Law Credit Support Deed, each as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); (c) any Interest Amount (as 
defined in the 1995 English Law Credit Support Annex, the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex 
or the 1995 English Law Credit Support Deed, each as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.); (d) any Delivery Amount (as defined in the 1995 English Law Credit 
Support Annex, the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex or the 1995 English Law Credit Support 
Deed, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); (e) any 
substitution of Hedge Collateral permitted by the applicable Hedging Agreement; (f) any amounts in 
respect of default interest; or (g) any amounts analogous to any of the above, in each case: (i) other than 
in respect of any amounts referred to in sub-paragraph (a) above of the Offshore Bank Account 
Agreement, to be delivered to the relevant Hedging Counterparty under a collateral agreement entered 
into under or in connection with the relevant Hedging Agreement (including, but without limitation, the 
1995 English Law Credit Support Annex, the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex or the 1995 
English Law Credit Support Deed, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.) or any analogous agreement; and (ii) in the case of amounts referred to in sub-
paragraph (a) above, due to the Issuer or deliverable to the relevant Hedging Counterparty following 
the termination (in whole or in part, as applicable) of the relevant Hedging Agreement, as applicable.  
If a Reconciliation Event has occurred and is then continuing, any amount due to the Issuer under sub-
paragraph (a) above shall be transferred from the relevant Hedge Collateral Account to the relevant 
Non-TL Hedge Collection Account.
The Security Agent shall, within one London Business Day of receipt of the relevant approved 
form, make such payments, deliveries and/or transfers (or direct or instruct the payment, delivery and/or 
transfer, as applicable) of Hedge Collateral to the relevant Hedging Counterparty unless notified by the 
Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Reconciliation Reporting Event (if a Reconciliation Event has 
occurred and is then continuing) as to the relevant payment, delivery and/or transfer, as applicable.
“Reconciliation Reporting Event” means: (a) the detection by the Calculation Agent of a 
manifest error in a Reconciliation; (b) the relevant payment, delivery or transfer, as applicable, cannot 
be reconciled by the Calculation Agent against the approved form; (c) the relevant payee is not a 
Secured Creditor; and/or (d) that the Calculation Agent is otherwise unable to validate the relevant 
payment, transfer or delivery, as applicable, due to, including, without limitation, the absence of an 
approved form.
“Reconciliation” means that the Calculation Agent shall compare the requested payment 
against an approved form required by the Calculation Agency Agreement and: (a) confirm that the 
relevant payee is a Secured Creditor; (b) calculate (or check the computation of)  the relevant payment 
transfer or delivery, as applicable, to be made; and (c) in the case of payments under each Hedging 
Agreement and the transfer or delivery of Hedge Collateral, as applicable, check that the account details 
and specified payee or transferee for the requested payment, transfer or delivery, as applicable, are 
correct.
Where a Hedging Counterparty provides Hedge Collateral (other than in Turkish Lira) to the 
Issuer in accordance with the terms of a Hedging Agreement, such collateral will be credited to the 
relevant Hedge Collateral Account.  Any Hedge Collateral applied in satisfying any termination 
payments payable by the relevant Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the relevant Hedging 
Agreement: (a) if not in Turkish Lira, shall be transferred to the Non-TL Hedge Collection Account of 
the corresponding currency; and (b) if in Turkish Lira, shall be transferred to the Collection Account or 
the TL Designated Account, as applicable.  Excess Hedge Collateral (including any standing to the 
credit of the Hedge Collateral Account(s)) shall not be available to Secured Creditors (other than to the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty) and (if in a Hedge Collateral Account) shall be returned by the Offshore 
Account Bank to the relevant Hedging Counterparty upon a request from the Issuer.

--- Page 185 ---
171
“Secured Obligations” means any and all moneys, all present and future obligations and 
liabilities (whether actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity) 
and all other amounts due, owing, payable or owed by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors under the 
Covered Bonds and/or the other Transaction Documents and secured by the Transaction Security, and 
references to Secured Obligations include references to any of them.
Each of the Offshore Account Bank, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Security Agent 
has acknowledged and agreed that the Hedge Collateral Account(s) are accounts of the Security Agent 
over which a trust has been declared by the Security Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (in 
respect of Excess Hedge Collateral, being held for the benefit of the relevant Hedging Counterparty 
only).
Non-TL Hedge Collection Accounts
With respect to payments by a Hedging Counterparty on the Hedging Agreements in currencies 
other than Turkish Lira, a separate Non-TL Hedge Collection Account will be established and 
maintained for each applicable currency with the Offshore Account Bank pursuant to the Offshore Bank 
Account Agreement, each of which accounts to be in the name of the Security Agent for the benefit of 
and on trust for the Secured Creditors; it being understood that the transfer or delivery by a Hedging 
Counterparty of Hedge Collateral is not a payment on a Hedging Agreement.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, any amounts that are not denominated in Turkish Lira, which are paid to the Issuer or the Security 
Agent, as applicable, by the Hedging Counterparties under the Hedging Agreements (including all 
scheduled payments, principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final payments on cross 
currency swaps or other unscheduled sums due and payable by each Hedging Counterparty under any 
Hedging Agreement, but excluding Hedge Collateral) shall be paid into a Non-TL Hedge Collection 
Account regardless of whether a Reconciliation Event or an Event of Default has occurred.
Amounts may be withdrawn from the relevant Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) solely for 
the purposes of paying amounts due or otherwise scheduled to be paid by the Issuer on the Covered 
Bonds and Hedging Agreements (i.e., the due and payable Total Liabilities), unless the Issuer has 
otherwise delivered to the Agents the necessary amounts to make all such payments that are then due 
and payable, in which case the funds in the Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) shall be transferred, 
at the request of the Issuer, to the relevant Non-TL Designated Account(s).
In respect of Hedging Agreements, the Security Agent, within one London Business Day 
following receipt of the relevant approved form, shall pay (or direct or instruct the payment of, as 
applicable) payments due or otherwise scheduled to be paid by the Issuer thereunder unless notified by 
the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Reconciliation Reporting Event (if a Reconciliation Event 
has occurred and is then continuing) as to the relevant payment or transfer, as applicable.
Each of the Offshore Account Bank, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Security Agent 
has acknowledged and agreed that the Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) are accounts of the 
Security Agent over which a trust has been declared by the Security Agent for the benefit of the Secured 
Creditors.
All amounts deposited in, and standing to the credit of, the Non-TL Hedge Collection 
Account(s) shall constitute segregated property distinct from all other property of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 13 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.
All: (a) amounts payable in Turkish Lira by a Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging 
Agreement will be credited to the Collection Account or the TL Designated Account, as applicable; and 
(b) Hedge Collateral provided in Turkish Lira by a Hedging Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement 
will be managed in the manner agreed in such Hedging Agreement.

--- Page 186 ---
172
Agency Account
The Issuer has established a reserve fund maintained in a U.S. dollar-denominated account (the 
“Agency Account”) maintained at the Offshore Account Bank for the benefit of the Reserve Fund 
Secured Creditors (the “Reserve Fund”).  From the First Issue Date and on each London Business Day 
thereafter, while any Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Reserve Fund will be fully funded by the 
Issuer at all times in an amount at least equal to the greater of: (a) two years’ estimated Programme and 
Series fees of the Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Security Agent and the Offshore Account Bank 
(the “Reserve Fund Secured Creditors”) that are not payable in Turkish Lira (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) from each such London Business Day; and (b) such other amount as may be 
agreed from time to time between the Issuer and any of the Reserve Fund Secured Creditors (such 
greater amount, the “Reserve Fund Required Amount”); provided that the Issuer shall not be 
considered to be in breach of its obligations under the Offshore Bank Account Agreement if, during the 
continuance of a Transferability and Convertibility Event, it is impossible for the Issuer to deposit 
moneys to the Reserve Fund as a result of such Transferability and Convertibility Event.  If the balance 
in the Reserve Fund at any time exceeds the Reserve Fund Required Amount, then the excess amount 
in the Reserve Fund shall be transferred to the Issuer promptly after its request to the Offshore Account 
Bank.
Fees included in the calculation of the Reserve Fund Required Amount and not denominated in 
U.S. dollars shall be notionally converted into U.S. dollars using the Applicable Exchange Rate at the 
relevant date of calculation.  The Reserve Fund may (without the consent of any other person) be debited 
by the Security Agent to meet the outstanding fees and reimbursable costs and expenses of (and all 
other amounts due and payable under and in respect of the Transaction Documents to) the Reserve Fund 
Secured Creditors upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Reconciliation Event or an 
Event of Default, in each case where the Issuer has otherwise failed to pay such amounts.
In lieu of funds held in the Agency Account, the Issuer may also provide Authorised 
Investments (or instruct the Security Agent to use funds in the Agency Account for the purchase of 
Authorised Investments); however, separate custody arrangements in accordance with the Security 
Agent’s standard custody terms as well as security and instruction arrangements to the satisfaction of 
the Security Agent shall be required to be put in place to hold such securities.  For the purpose of 
calculating whether the Agency Account holds the Reserve Fund Required Amount, any such securities 
shall be valued at the lower of: (a) the outstanding principal amount of such securities; and (b) if 
applicable, the market value as of close of business in the applicable market on the last applicable 
business day of the most recent calendar month.  Upon the occurrence of a Reconciliation Event or 
Event of Default, such Authorised Investments shall be automatically liquidated by the Issuer (or the 
Security Agent on its behalf) and the proceeds thereof credited to the Agency Account.
Rights in, and cash amounts standing to the credit of, the Agency Account (and Authorised 
Investments with respect thereto) do not constitute part of the Cover Pool (for the purposes of the 
Statutory Tests or otherwise).
Each of the Offshore Account Bank, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Security Agent 
has acknowledged and agreed that the Agency Account is an account of the Security Agent over which 
a trust has been declared by the Security Agent for the benefit of the Reserve Fund Secured Creditors.
Following the redemption in full of all Covered Bonds under the Programme and the 
satisfaction in full of the outstanding fees and reimbursable costs and expenses of (and all other amounts 
due and payable under and in respect of the Transaction Documents to) the Reserve Fund Secured 
Creditors, any remaining balance in the Reserve Fund shall be transferred to the Issuer promptly after 
its request to the Offshore Account Bank.
The Offshore Account Bank will notify the Issuer of its applicable ratings promptly after the 
end of each calendar month; it being understood that the Issuer is independently responsible for 
monitoring the Offshore Account Bank’s ratings for purposes of determining whether the applicable

--- Page 187 ---
173
rating of the Offshore Account Bank is no longer at least the Offshore Account Bank Required Rating 
(an “Offshore Account Bank Event”).  In the event that an Offshore Account Bank Event occurs, the 
Issuer and the Security Agent will use their respective commercially reasonable endeavours to procure 
that the Offshore Bank Accounts are transferred to another financial institution that has the Offshore 
Account Bank Required Rating pursuant to an agreement with such institution in substantially the form 
of the Offshore Bank Account Agreement within a period not exceeding 30 calendar days from the date 
on which such Offshore Account Bank Event occurs, and the Offshore Account Bank will, at the request 
and cost of the Issuer, use its commercially reasonable endeavours to assist with the same; provided, 
that if such is not possible within such 30 calendar day period, then the Issuer and the Security Agent 
shall continue to use their respective commercially reasonable endeavours to effect such transfer.
“Offshore Account Bank Required Rating” means if the Relevant Rating Agency is: 
(a) Moody’s, a “Baa1” long-term bank deposit rating (local); or (b) another rating agency, the rating 
applicable to the Offshore Account Bank so specified at the applicable time (without the consent of any 
of the Secured Creditors).  Should there be more than one Relevant Rating Agency, then the Offshore 
Account Bank must satisfy each of the applicable above minimum rating requirements.
The Offshore Bank Account Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Calculation Agency Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of the calculation agency agreement entered into on the Programme 
Closing Date by the Issuer, the Security Agent and the Calculation Agent (the “Calculation Agency 
Agreement”), the Security Agent has appointed the Calculation Agent as its agent to make certain 
Reconciliations as required pursuant to the provisions of the Offshore Bank Account Agreement, 
including:
(a)
in relation to the Non-TL Designated Account(s) following the occurrence of a 
Reconciliation Event:
(i)
reconciling amounts payable from the Non-TL Designated Account(s) to 
Secured Creditors; and
(ii)
notifying the Issuer, the Security Agent and the Offshore Account Bank in the 
case of a Reconciliation Reporting Event;
(b)
in relation to the Hedge Collateral Account(s) following the occurrence of a 
Reconciliation Event:
(i)
reconciling the amounts to be transferred or delivered in respect of Hedge 
Collateral to or from the relevant Hedge Collateral Account in accordance with 
the relevant Hedging Agreement; and
(ii)
notifying the Issuer, the Security Agent, the Offshore Account Bank and the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty in the case of a Reconciliation Reporting 
Event; and
(c)
in relation to the Non-TL Hedge Collection Account(s) following the occurrence of a 
Reconciliation Event:
(i)
reconciling payments under each Hedging Agreement and the Covered Bonds, 
as applicable, to or from the relevant Non-TL Hedge Collection Account in 
accordance with the relevant Hedging Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable; it being understood that the transfer or delivery by a 
Hedging Counterparty of Hedge Collateral is not a payment under a Hedging 
Agreement; and

--- Page 188 ---
174
(ii)
notifying the Issuer, the Security Agent, the Offshore Account Bank and the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty in the case of a Reconciliation Reporting 
Event,
provided that:
(A)
the Calculation Agent shall not be required to calculate (or check the 
computation of):
(1)
any Settlement Amount (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement), 
any Close-out Amount (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement) or 
analogous payment;
(2)
any Return Amount (as defined in the 1995 English Law Credit 
Support Annex, the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex or the 
1995 English Law Credit Support Deed, each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.);
(3)
any Interest Amount (as defined in the 1995 English Law Credit 
Support Annex, the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex or the 
1995 English Law Credit Support Deed, each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.);
(4)
any Delivery Amount (as defined in the 1995 English Law Credit 
Support Annex, the 1994 New York Law Credit Support Annex or the 
1995 English Law Credit Support Deed, each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.);
(5)
any substitution notice delivered pursuant to a credit support annex;
(6)
any amounts in respect of default interest in respect of a Hedging 
Agreement; or
(7)
any amounts analogous to any of the above;
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to perform a Reconciliation in 
respect of any payment, delivery or transfer, as applicable, unless such 
payment, delivery or transfer, as applicable, can be reconciled against an 
approved form provided by the relevant Secured Creditor (including the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty), the Issuer, an Agent or the Security Agent, as 
applicable.
Without prejudice to Clause 6.6 (Request for Information) of the Calculation 
Agency Agreement, the Issuer agrees to cooperate with requests from the 
Security Agent and the Calculation Agent to enable a Reconciliation to be 
performed by the Calculation Agent in a timely manner in respect of the 
relevant payment, transfer or delivery, as applicable; and
(C)
the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to perform a Reconciliation in 
respect of any payment or withdrawal from the Agency Account.
Absent a Reconciliation Reporting Event, no further notice, consent or approval shall be 
required from the Calculation Agent in order for the relevant payment, transfer or delivery, as 
applicable, to be made.
The Calculation Agent shall at all times promptly perform its obligations at the request of the 
Security Agent.

--- Page 189 ---
175
The Issuer has agreed to pay the Calculation Agent a fee for carrying out such services and to 
reimburse the Calculation Agent for certain expenses.
The Calculation Agent may, without giving any reason, resign at any time by giving at least 45 
days’ written notice to the Issuer and the Security Agent and may be removed at any time by the Security 
Agent or the Issuer on at least 45 days’ written notice to the Calculation Agent (copying the other parties 
to the Calculation Agency Agreement); provided that no such resignation or removal shall be effective 
unless a successor calculation agent has been appointed.
The Calculation Agency Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Programme Agreement
Under the terms of a Programme Agreement dated the Programme Closing Date between the 
Issuer and the Dealers, the Issuer and the Dealers have agreed that the Dealers shall be appointed as 
Dealers under the Programme and will purchase Covered Bonds from the Issuer pursuant to the terms 
of the Programme Agreement and the relevant Subscription Agreement (the form of which is set out in 
the Programme Agreement).
The Programme Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Agency Agreement
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Agents have each agreed to provide the Issuer 
with certain agency services.  In particular, each Paying Agent has agreed to hold available for 
inspection at its specified office during normal business hours copies of all documents required to be so 
available by the Conditions of any Covered Bonds or the rules of any stock exchange on which such 
Covered Bonds are, from time to time, or are intended to be, listed or admitted to trading (or any other 
relevant authority) (a “relevant Stock Exchange”).  For these purposes, the Issuer shall provide the 
Paying Agents with sufficient copies of each of the relevant documents.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders, to10:
(a)
any modification to any of the provisions of the Conditions of any Series, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document, which 
modification is: (i) made while no Covered Bonds are outstanding; or (ii) in the opinion 
of the Issuer, either: (A) of a formal, minor or technical nature or that is made for the 
purpose of curing or correcting any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing 
any manifest or proven error or any other defective provision contained in the 
Conditions of any Series, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document; or (B) not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and/or the Hedging Counterparties (in each case, considered: (I) as a 
whole and not individually; it being understood that individual circumstances might 
differ; and (II) from a contractual perspective, without consideration of any regulatory 
or other unique circumstances that might apply to any one or more Covered 
Bondholders and/or Hedging Counterparties);
(b)
any modification to a Hedging Agreement that is requested by the Issuer or the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty to comply with any requirements that apply to it under the European 
Market Infrastructures Regulation (EU 648/2012) (“EMIR”), the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank”), Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
10 To consider whether compliance with FATCA as a mandatory modification should be included.

--- Page 190 ---
176
2011/61/EU and relevant regulations made under it (as amended, “MiFID II”) or the 
applicable laws of Turkey (or other hedging-related applicable law in any jurisdiction 
to which the Issuer or the relevant Hedging Counterparty is subject), including any 
New EMIR Requirements, New Dodd-Frank Requirements, or New MiFID II 
Requirements or New Turkish Law Regulatory Requirements (or other hedging-related 
applicable law in any jurisdiction to which the Issuer or the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty is subject), as applicable, in relation to such Hedging Agreement, subject 
to the Issuer and/or the relevant Hedging Counterparty, as applicable, providing the 
Fiscal Agent and the Security Agent with written certification that the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty is only seeking to implement changes it considers 
appropriate to comply with EMIR, Dodd-Frank, MiFID II or the applicable law of 
Turkey (or other hedging-related applicable law in any jurisdiction to which the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Hedging Counterparty is subject), including or to meet the New 
EMIR Requirements, New Dodd-Frank Requirements, New MiFID II Requirements or 
New Turkish Law Regulatory Requirements, as applicable, together with any 
modification to any other Transaction Document(s) that may be necessary as a 
consequence of such modification to the relevant Hedging Agreement; provided that 
any modification or change to the payment instructions (i.e., the account to which 
payment is to be made by the Hedging Counterparty) contained in such Hedging 
Agreement shall require the consent of the Security Agent (as directed by the Covered 
Bondholder Representative) and provided further that the consent of the Security Agent 
(as directed by the Covered Bondholder Representative) shall not be required in respect 
of any modification or change to such payment instructions following the appointment 
of a successor or replacement Security Agent or Offshore Account Bank, including any 
delegation, transfer or assignment of the rights or obligations of the Security Agent 
and/or Offshore Account Bank, in each case in accordance with the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents (subject to the additional requirement that the account to which 
such payment instructions relate is at all times a trust account held for the benefit of the 
Secured Creditors);
(c)
amendments to any of the Transaction Documents (including a change in the 
definitions of Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria, 
Substitute Asset Limit, Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage and Statutory Test 
(and their corresponding subsidiary definitions)) (to the extent not otherwise permitted 
by the Transaction Documents), including per paragraphs (a) and (b) above as a result 
of any amendment, restatement, modification or other change to the Turkish Covered 
Bonds Legislation; provided that: (i) the Issuer provides the Security Agent and the 
Fiscal Agent with written certification that the Issuer is only seeking to implement 
mandatory provisions of the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation applicable to the 
Programme; and (ii) each Relevant Rating Agency has been notified in writing in 
respect of such amendment not less than five London Business Days prior to the 
proposed amendment; and
(d)
at any time after a change in the applicable law of Turkey (including in the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué) that permits the Additional Cover to be made available to some 
or all of the Other Secured Creditors on a pari passu or priority basis to the Total 
Liabilities, any amendment to the Agency Agreement, the Security Assignment or any 
other Transaction Document to provide for such pari passu or priority treatment.
Any such amendment or modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders, 
Couponholders and other Secured Creditors and, unless the Fiscal Agent agrees otherwise, any such 
modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).  Notwithstanding the above, such 
amendment and modification provisions do not apply to any Series Reserved Matter or Programme 
Reserved Matter.

--- Page 191 ---
177
Notwithstanding anything in the above to the contrary, any amendment or modification that 
may decrease the rights of any Agent or the Security Agent (in their respective individual capacities), 
as applicable, or may increase the obligations and/or liabilities of any Agent or the Security Agent, as 
applicable, including any amendment or modification to the definition of Reserve Fund Secured 
Creditor, shall require the consent of such Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable, which shall be in 
its sole discretion.
Any amendments, modifications or waivers in relation to the Conditions or the other 
Transaction Documents which are not covered by the above are, subject to the requirements for 
Programme Reserved Matters and Series Reserved Matters, required to be effected by Extraordinary 
Resolution (through substituting the phrases “not less than 75%” with “more than 50%” in the definition 
of Extraordinary Resolution) in respect of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding (or, if 
applicable, a Series of Covered Bonds) and (except for waivers of compliance by the Issuer) require the 
consent of the Issuer.
The Agency Agreement provides that whenever the implementation of certain matters is, 
pursuant to the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents, subject to a Rating Agency 
Confirmation, the requirement shall be satisfied by receipt of (or access to) the Rating Agency 
Confirmation by the Security Agent; provided that: (a) if the applicable Relevant Rating Agency 
provides a waiver or acknowledgement indicating its decision not to review (or otherwise declining to 
review) the matter for which the Rating Agency Confirmation is sought, the requirement for the Rating 
Agency Confirmation from such Relevant Rating Agency with respect to such matter will be deemed 
waived; and (b) the Security Agent shall, where directed by the Covered Bondholder Representative or 
as otherwise provided in the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents, waive the requirement 
for a Rating Agency Confirmation to be obtained.
A “Series Reserved Matter” means, with respect to any Series:
(a)
modification of the Final Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds or reduction or cancellation of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Series payable at maturity;
(b)
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds or variation 
of the method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds;
(c)
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;
(d)
modification of the currency in which payments under the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds (and its related Coupons) are to be made;
(e)
modification of the Deed of Covenant;
(f)
modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;
(g)
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Covered 
Bonds for, or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the cancellation of the 
Covered Bonds in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company 
formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into 
or in consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or 
other obligations and/or securities as stated above and partly for or into or in 
consideration of cash; or

--- Page 192 ---
178
(h)
alteration of this definition or the proviso that sets out the quorum required at any 
adjourned meeting the business of which includes any Series Reserved Matter or 
Programme Reserved Matter.
A Series Reserved Matter is required to be passed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  For the purposes of a Series Reserved Matter, the quorum shall be 
one or more eligible person(s) present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 
two-thirds in Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding.
An “Extraordinary Resolution” when used:
(a)
in respect of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding means: (i) a resolution 
passed at a meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions of Schedule 3 (Provisions for Meetings of Covered Bondholders) 
of the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the persons 
voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a 
majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll; (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more of the Covered Bondholders; or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding; it being 
understood that the resolutions in writing and consents given pursuant to sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above shall be combined in calculating the level of approval; 
and
(b)
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds means: (i) a resolution passed at a meeting of 
the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions of Schedule 3 (Provisions for Meetings of Covered Bondholders) 
of the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the persons 
voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a 
majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll; (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, which resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant 
Series; or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75% in Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such 
Series for the time being outstanding; it being understood that the resolutions in writing 
and consents given pursuant to sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above shall be combined in 
calculating the level of approval.
A “Programme Reserved Matter” means:
(a)
a modification that would have the effect of altering the majority required to pass a 
specific resolution or the quorum required at any Programme Meeting;
(b)
an amendment of this definition or the definition of Programme Meeting; and
(c)
a modification which would have the effect of altering the requirements to declare an 
Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default) or the taking of enforcement 
action under Condition 12.2 (Enforcement) of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 193 ---
179
A Programme Reserved Matter is required to be passed by a Programme Resolution.
A “Programme Resolution” means: (a) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
holders of a majority of the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds; (b) a resolution of a 
Programme Meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 
(Provisions for Meetings of Covered Bondholders) of the Agency Agreement that has been passed by a 
majority of votes cast at such Programme Meeting; or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents 
through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of 
the holders of a majority of the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds; it being understood 
that the resolutions in writing and consents given pursuant to sub-paragraphs (a) and (c) above may be 
combined in calculating the level of approval.
A “Programme Meeting” means a meeting of all Covered Bondholders (whether originally 
convened or resumed following an adjournment) that has been convened to consider a Programme 
Reserved Matter.
The Agency Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Deed of Covenant
Under the terms of the Deed of Covenant, the Issuer covenants with accountholders holding 
interests in the Covered Bonds while in global form through a depositary for one or more Clearing 
Systems that such accountholders will acquire direct rights of enforcement against the Issuer if the 
relevant Global Covered Bond becomes void.
The Deed of Covenant is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Hedging Agreements
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest payable on or currency 
risks associated with the Mortgage Assets/and or the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may enter into one or 
more interest rate hedge(s) with one or more interest rate hedge provider(s) and/or one or more currency 
hedge(s) with one or more currency hedge provider(s) under one or more interest rate hedge 
agreement(s) and/or currency swap agreement(s), respectively (collectively, the “Hedging 
Agreements”).
With respect to Tranches not denominated in Turkish Lira, the Issuer would likely enter into a 
currency swap.  Each such currency swap would likely provide that: (a) on or about the Issue Date of 
the applicable Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issuer would pay to the applicable Hedging Counterparty 
an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amount received by the Issuer in respect of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Tranche and in return the Hedging Counterparty would pay to 
the Issuer the Turkish Lira Equivalent of such amount; and (b) thereafter: (i) the Hedging Counterparty 
would pay to the applicable Non-TL Hedge Collection Account on each Interest Payment Date an 
amount equal to the relevant portion of the amounts that are payable by the Issuer in respect of interest 
and principal payable under such Tranche; and (ii) the Issuer would periodically pay to the applicable 
Hedging Counterparty an amount in Turkish Lira calculated by reference to the applicable floating rate 
or fixed rate, as applicable, specified in the relevant Hedging Agreement plus a spread and, where 
relevant, the Turkish Lira Equivalent of the relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid in respect 
of such Tranche.
A Hedging Agreement might, in the event that the Issuer does not pay the principal amount 
payable to the Covered Bondholders in respect of a Tranche on the applicable Final Maturity Date (or, 
with respect to Instalment Covered Bonds, on an applicable Interest Payment Date) of such Tranche 
and, where an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such Tranche, on such Extended Maturity Date, 
provide for payments to be made to and by the Hedging Counterparty on a different basis and timing.

--- Page 194 ---
180
The terms of a Hedging Agreement might provide that, in the event that the relevant rating of 
the relevant Hedging Counterparty or any guarantor of such Hedging Counterparty’s obligations is 
downgraded below a rating specified in such Hedging Agreement, such Hedging Counterparty will be 
required to take certain remedial measures, which might include (without limitation) providing Hedge 
Collateral for its obligations under such Hedging Agreement, arranging for its obligations under such 
Hedging Agreement to be transferred to an entity with sufficient ratings or procuring another entity with 
sufficient ratings to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under such Hedging 
Agreement.  A failure to take such steps within the time periods set out in a Hedging Agreement would 
likely, subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate such Hedging Agreement.
A Hedging Agreement might also provide that the applicable Hedging Counterparty might 
transfer all of its interest and obligations in and under such Hedging Agreement to a transferee that 
satisfies minimum ratings without any prior written consent of the Issuer or the Security Agent.
It is important to note that while a Hedging Agreement might be entered into in connection with 
the issuance of a new Tranche of Covered Bonds, payments by the corresponding Hedging Counterparty 
under such Hedging Agreement are not allocated solely to the Covered Bondholders of such Tranche 
but rather become part of the overall Cover Pool that is applied to make payments generally, including 
to pay the Issuer’s obligations to the Covered Bondholders of all Tranches and the Hedging 
Counterparties.
Cover Monitor Agreement
The Cover Monitor has agreed to be appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered 
Bonds Communiqué to carry out any and all assessments, checks and notification duties specified in 
the cover monitor agreement dated 6 April 2016 between the Cover Monitor and the Issuer (the “Cover 
Monitor Agreement”) (including those referenced in the form of the Cover Monitor Report set out in 
the appendices to the Cover Monitor Agreement), including in relation to the checks and calculations 
performed by the Issuer on the Cover Pool in relation to the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria and the 
Statutory Tests subject to and in accordance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué and the terms of the 
Cover Monitor Agreement.
The Issuer shall, among other things:
(a)
keep the Cover Register pursuant to the Covered Bonds Communiqué, keep such Cover 
Register up-to-date and make such Cover Register available to the Cover Monitor on 
demand during normal business hours;
(b)
monitor compliance with the Statutory Tests at every change to the Cover Register 
(meaning removal of a Cover Pool Asset or addition to the Cover Pool Assets) and, in 
any case, at least once per calendar month;
(c)
to the extent not contrary to applicable law (including with respect to customer data 
protection), submit the information and documents that are required by the Cover 
Monitor in accordance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué and provide such 
information as is in the Issuer’s knowledge and/or possession that the Cover Monitor 
reasonably requests in respect of the Cover Pool;
(d)
demonstrate to the Cover Monitor upon detection of a Potential Breach of Statutory 
Test or an Issuer Event that all collections of interest and principal on the Cover Pool 
Assets flagged as General Account Cover Pool Collections (“General Account Cover 
Pool Collections”) (being all collections of interest and principal and any other 
amounts the Issuer receives on the Cover Pool Assets denominated in Turkish Lira 
which are required to be deposited to the credit of the Collection Account pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents) or on deposit in the Collection Account have been 
transferred to the TL Designated Account; and

--- Page 195 ---
181
(e)
demonstrate to the Cover Monitor, within one month of its detection of a Potential 
Breach of Statutory Test or an Issuer Event, that (until the Issuer has cured all Potential 
Breach of Statutory Tests and Issuer Events): (i) any and all present and future 
payments due under the Cover Pool Assets are being accumulated in the applicable 
Designated Account (whether by an obligor thereof paying the sums due directly to the 
applicable Designated Account, by the Issuer’s redirecting amounts that it receives 
from an obligor (including by way of set-off from an account such obligor maintains 
with the Issuer) or otherwise); and (ii) all such amounts will be dedicated exclusively 
to the payment of the Total Liabilities, which have become due and payable, unless 
otherwise agreed with the CMB.
The Cover Monitor Agreement confirms that the Issuer shall be entitled, in accordance with the 
Covered Bonds Communiqué and subject to making any Security Update Registrations, to reduce the 
Cover Pool by removing one or more Cover Pool Asset(s); provided that: (a) any Cover Pool Asset 
Substitution must comply with the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria; (b) any asset removals or Cover 
Pool Asset Substitution must not cause the Substitute Assets in the Cover Pool to exceed the Substitute 
Asset Limit; (c) neither any Potential Breach of Statutory Test nor any Issuer Event of the type described 
in any of paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition thereof would occur as a result of such removal or Cover 
Pool Asset Substitution; and (d) any collections in respect of any such removed Cover Pool Assets will 
no longer be flagged as General Account Cover Pool Collections.
At the discretion of the CMB, all removals of Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool and all 
deletions of entries from the Cover Register may require the consent of the Cover Monitor.
The Issuer shall notify the Cover Monitor of the occurrence of any Potential Breach of Statutory 
Test or Issuer Event of the type described in any of paragraphs (a) to (f) of the definition thereof 
promptly after its detection of such occurrence indicating whether any such event(s) included a failure 
to fulfil its payment obligations under the Total Liabilities either partially or fully.
Subject to the terms of the Cover Monitor Agreement, the Cover Monitor shall, among other 
things: (a) verify that the Cover Register has been created and is maintained and preserved in accordance 
with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Communiqué; (b) analyse and confirm whether the Cover 
Pool Assets meet the Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria based on a sampling basis; (c) in the event 
that the Cover Register is kept in electronic form, inspect that the necessary cross checks, automations 
and authorisations have been set up; (d) reconcile the entries in the Cover Register with any additions 
of Cover Pool Assets made by the Issuer to the Cover Pool and review the related credit documents and 
other information and documents that it deems necessary; and (e) analyse and verify whether the 
Statutory Tests set forth in the Covered Bonds Communiqué are satisfied (including whether the Stress 
Test measurements are accurate) as of the relevant Cover Monitor Calculation Date.
Other than in relation to the checking by the Cover Monitor of the arithmetic or other accuracy 
of the checks and calculations performed by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Monitor Agreement, the Cover Monitor is entitled to assume that all information provided to it by the 
Issuer pursuant to the Cover Monitor Agreement is true and correct and is not misleading, and the Cover 
Monitor is not required to conduct an audit or other similar examination in respect of or otherwise take 
steps to verify the accuracy or non-misleading nature of such information.  On completion of its 
calculations and procedures in respect of a Cover Monitor Calculation Date, the Cover Monitor will 
deliver a cover monitor report, in the form set out in the Cover Monitor Agreement (the “Cover 
Monitor Report”), to the CMB, the Issuer, the Security Agent, the Dealers, the Arrangers and the 
Relevant Rating Agencies and to the potential investors of the Covered Bonds that are notified by the 
Issuer to the Cover Monitor.
The Issuer shall pay to the Cover Monitor a fee for its services in the amount and at the times 
set out in a separate fee letter between the Issuer and the Cover Monitor.

--- Page 196 ---
182
The Cover Monitor may, at any time, subject to the reasons of such resignation being submitted 
to the CMB in writing and its approval being obtained, resign from its appointment under the Cover 
Monitor Agreement upon providing the Issuer with 30 Istanbul Business Days’ prior written notice and 
in any event, prior to the Cover Monitor’s application to the CMB in that respect (the Issuer shall 
provide a copy of such notice to the Relevant Rating Agencies and to the Security Agent); provided that 
such termination may not be effected unless and until a replacement has been found for the Cover 
Monitor by the Issuer, which replacement agrees to perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) 
of the Cover Monitor set out in the Cover Monitor Agreement, and the agreement appointing such 
replacement (“Replacement Cover Monitor Agreement”) is approved by the CMB.
The Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of the Cover Monitor under the Cover 
Monitor Agreement upon providing the Cover Monitor with prior written notice; provided that such 
termination may not be effected: (a) unless the reasons of such termination are submitted to the CMB 
in writing and its approval is obtained; and (b) until a replacement has been found by the Issuer, which 
replacement (in a Replacement Cover Monitor Agreement that is approved by the CMB) agrees to 
perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Cover Monitor set out in the Cover Monitor 
Agreement.
The Cover Monitor Agreement is governed by Turkish law.

--- Page 197 ---
183
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds, including (as applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses 
and listing expenses.  The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 198 ---
184
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, selected consolidated financial 
information of the Bank and its subsidiaries derived from the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of 
and for each of the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
respectively.
Prospective investors should read the following information in conjunction with “Presentation 
of Financial and Other Information”, the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively.
Balance Sheet Data
As of 31 December 2020
As of 31 December 2019
As of 31 
December 
2018
Assets
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, 
thousands)
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2)
(TL, 
thousands)
(TL, 
thousands)
FINANCIAL ASSETS (Net) 
......................................................................................
14,609,813
107,243,330
19,117,768
113,563,368
98,301,554
Cash and cash equivalents
......................................................................................
10,312,091
75,695,905
13,693,138
81,339,978
62,101,734
Cash and balances at Central Bank
......................................................................................
7,858,123
57,682,554
7,320,617
43,485,930
56,831,308
Banks
......................................................................................
2,245,893
16,485,974
4,580,955
27,211,788
5,269,640
Money Markets
......................................................................................
231,707
1,700,842
1,818,732
10,803,630
117,231
Provisions for Expected Losses (-)
23,631
173,465
27,166
161,370
116,445
Financial assets where fair value change is 
reflected to income statement
......................................................................................
92,196
676,765
96,495
573,197
248,156
Government debt securities
......................................................................................
37,697
276,714
15,802
93,870
68,342
Share certificates
......................................................................................
32,519
238,703
34,485
204,846
177,162
Other financial assets
......................................................................................
21,981
161,348
46,207
274,481
2,652
Financial assets where fair value change 
is reflected to other comprehensive income 
statement
......................................................................................
3,419,462
25,100,560
4,528,570
26,900,612
26,883,680
Government debt securities
......................................................................................
3,132,276
22,992,471
4,168,364
24,760,918
24,958,228
Share certificates
......................................................................................
12,026
88,278
13,526
80,345
66,794
Other financial assets
......................................................................................
275,160
2,019,811
346,680
2,059,349
1,858,658
Derivative financial assets
......................................................................................
786,064
5,770,100
799,566
4,749,581
9,067,984
Derivative financial assets where fair value change 
is reflected to income statement
......................................................................................
711,592
5,223,442
749,546
4,452,455
5,898,898
Derivative financial assets where fair value change 
is reflected to other comprehensive income 
statement
......................................................................................
74,471
546,658
50,020
297,126
3,169,086
FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT 
AMORTISED COST (Net) 
......................................................................................
47,051,437
345,381,070
46,134,335
274,047,178
257,730,674
Loans
......................................................................................
40,987,657
300,869,898
41,757,786
248,049,598
233,134,994
Receivables From Leasing Transactions (Net) 
......................................................................................
1,494,702
10,971,858
1,766,905
10,495,772
12,775,463
Factoring Receivables 
......................................................................................
731,558
5,369,999
691,535
4,107,857
3,589,067
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
......................................................................................
7,224,062
53,028,224
4,984,367
29,608,137
22,805,679

--- Page 199 ---
185
As of 31 December 2020
As of 31 December 2019
As of 31 
December 
2018
Assets
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, 
thousands)
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2)
(TL, 
thousands)
(TL, 
thousands)
Government debt securities
......................................................................................
6,942,446
50,961,025
4,779,555
28,391,511
22,044,650
Other financial assets
......................................................................................
281,616
2,067,199
204,812
1,216,626
761,029
Provisions for Expected Losses (-)
......................................................................................
3,386,542
24,858,909
3,066,258
18,214,186
14,574,529
ASSETS HELD FOR RESALE AND RELATED 
TO DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Net) 
......................................................................................
98,659
724,207
55,778
331,335
298,470
Held for sale Purposes
......................................................................................
98,659
724,207
55,778
331,335
298,470
Related to Discontinued Operations
......................................................................................
—
—
—
INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES, 
SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES
......................................................................................
218,596
1,604,601
210,317
1,249,325
1,081,433
Investments in associates (Net) 
......................................................................................
214,485
1,574,427
205,331
1,219,710
1,052,968
Consolidated based on Equity Method
......................................................................................
212,879
1,562,641
204,304
1,213,609
1,046,867
Unconsolidated
......................................................................................
1,606
11,786
1,027
6,101
6,101
Subsidiaries (Net)
......................................................................................
994
7,300
1,229
7,300
7,300
Unconsolidated Financial Subsidiaries
......................................................................................
—
—
—
Unconsolidated Non-Financial Subsidiaries
......................................................................................
994
7,300
1,229
7,300
7,300
Joint Ventures (Net) 
3,116
22,874
3,757
22,315
21,165
Consolidated based on Equity Method
......................................................................................
3,116
22,874
3,757
22,315
21,165
Unconsolidated
......................................................................................
—
—
—
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Net)
......................................................................................
620,445
4,554,379
733,797
4,358,899
3,312,175
INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Net)
......................................................................................
272,941
2,003,526
323,360
1,920,824
1,817,112
Goodwill
......................................................................................
133,437
979,493
164,892
979,493
979,493
Other
......................................................................................
139,505
1,024,033
158,468
941,331
837,619
INVESTMENT PROPERTY (Net)
......................................................................................
-
-
—
CURRENT TAX ASSETS
......................................................................................
662
4,861
520
3,090
9,504
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
......................................................................................
504,333
3,702,058
358,466
2,129,358
712,891
OTHER ASSETS
......................................................................................
2,897,847
21,271,647
2,288,078
13,591,643
10,112,441
TOTAL ASSETS
......................................................................................
66,274,733
486,489,679
69,222,420
411,195,020
373,376,254
_________
Notes:
(1)
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 7.3405  = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with 
the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2020.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have 
been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to BRSA.  
(2)
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 5.9402 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with 
the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2019.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have 
been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to BRSA.  
As of 31 December 2020
As of 31 December 2019
As of 31 
December 
2018
Liabilities
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, 
thousands)
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2)
(TL, 
thousands)
(TL, 
thousands)
DEPOSITS
......................................................................................
36,020,744
264,410,268
38,899,649
231,071,697
210,291,473

--- Page 200 ---
186
As of 31 December 2020
As of 31 December 2019
As of 31 
December 
2018
Liabilities
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, 
thousands)
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2)
(TL, 
thousands)
(TL, 
thousands)
BORROWINGS
......................................................................................
6,324,459
46,424,693
7,638,378
45,373,495
47,072,002
MONEY MARKETS
......................................................................................
4,136,048
30,360,664
1,062,067
6,308,888
3,520,213
MARKETABLE SECURITIES ISSUED (Net)
......................................................................................
3,355,134
24,628,361
4,245,849
25,221,191
21,442,203
Bills
......................................................................................
585,189
4,295,582
858,364
5,098,851
1,373,498
Asset backed Securities
......................................................................................
478,411
3,511,774
630,671
3,746,311
3,835,712
Bonds
......................................................................................
2,291,534
16,821,005
2,756,814
16,376,029
16,232,993
FUNDS
......................................................................................
—
—
—
Borrower Funds
......................................................................................
—
—
—
Other
......................................................................................
—
—
—
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES FAIR VALUE 
THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS
......................................................................................
1,710,481
12,555,789
2,219,556
13,184,605
7,965,404
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
......................................................................................
1,443,114
10,593,179
1,196,135
7,105,282
7,287,749
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit 
and Loss
......................................................................................
1,085,791
7,970,251
709,423
4,214,115
6,676,343
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Profit
......................................................................................
357,323
2,622,928
486,712
2,891,167
611,406
FACTORING PAYABLES
......................................................................................
—
—
—
LEASE PAYABLES (Net)
......................................................................................
148,548
1,090,420
156,093
927,223
—
PROVISIONS
......................................................................................
618,831
4,542,527
629,984
3,742,231
3,459,185
Provisions for Restructuring
......................................................................................
—
—
—
Provisions for Employee Rights
......................................................................................
113,567
833,635
131,493
781,092
682,268
Insurance Technical Provisions (Net)
......................................................................................
—
—
—
Other Provisions
......................................................................................
505,264
3,708,892
498,491
2,961,139
2,776,917
CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES
......................................................................................
266,505
1,956,282
157,207
933,839
1,122,432
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
......................................................................................
4,080
29,952
1,407
8,359
10,666
LIABILITIES FOR PROPERTY AND 
EQUIPMENT  HELD FOR SALE AND 
RELATED TO DISCONTINUED 
OPERATIONS (Net)
......................................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
Held for Sale 
......................................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
Related to Discontinued Operations
......................................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
SUBORDINATED DEBT
......................................................................................
3,086,309
22,655,054
3,127,847
18,580,039
13,557,153
Loans
......................................................................................
859,052
6,305,871
859,052
5,102,941
5,574,724
Other Facilities
......................................................................................
2,227,257
16,349,183
2,268,795
13,477,098
7,982,429
OTHER LIABILITIES
......................................................................................
2,680,216
19,674,124
2,953,872
17,546,591
18,640,496
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
......................................................................................
6,480,262
47,568,366
6,934,376
41,191,580
39,007,278

--- Page 201 ---
187
As of 31 December 2020
As of 31 December 2019
As of 31 
December 
2018
Liabilities
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, 
thousands)
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2)
(TL, 
thousands)
(TL, 
thousands)
Paid in Capital
......................................................................................
1,150,746
8,447,051
1,422,015
8,447,051
8,447,051
Capital Reserves
......................................................................................
272,073
1,997,149
334,719
1,988,296
1,985,153
Share premium
......................................................................................
75,872
556,937
93,757
556,937
556,937
Share Cancellation Profits
......................................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
Other Capital Reserves
......................................................................................
196,201
1,440,212
240,961
1,431,359
1,428,216
Other accumulated comprehensive income that will 
not be reclassified in profit or loss
......................................................................................
208,273
1,528,828
276,558
1,642,812
1,669,027
Other accumulated comprehensive income that will 
be reclassified in profit or loss
......................................................................................
114,618
841,353
(99,225)
(589,416)
802,965
Profit Reserves
......................................................................................
3,819,046
28,033,706
4,118,066
24,462,136
19,795,091
Legal Reserves
......................................................................................
174,754
1,282,785
185,647
1,102,781
869,410
Statutory reserves
......................................................................................
—
—
—
—
—
Extraordinary Reserves
......................................................................................
3,643,363
26,744,104
3,931,168
23,351,922
18,917,867
Other Profit Reserves
......................................................................................
929
6,817
1,251
7,433
7,814
Profit or loss
......................................................................................
915,397
6,719,472
882,128
5,240,014
6,307,380
Prior years’ profits or losses
......................................................................................
223,412
1,639,954
276,077
1,639,954
1,639,954
Current period net profit or loss
......................................................................................
691,985
5,079,518
606,050
3,600,060
4,667,426
Minority interest
......................................................................................
110
807
116
687
611
TOTAL LIABILITIES
......................................................................................
66,274,733
486,489,679
69,222,420
411,195,020
373,376,254
_________
Notes:
(1)
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 7.3405 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with 
the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2020.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have 
been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to BRSA.  
(2)
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 5.9402 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with 
the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2019.  Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have 
been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to BRSA.  
Income Statement Data 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020
For the year ended 
31 December
2019
2018
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, thousands)
(TL, thousands)
Income Statement Data:
Interest income
............................................................................
4,997,577
35,000,149
37,851,770
35,508,387
Interest expense
............................................................................
(2,422,990)
(16,969,223)
(22,320,754)
(21,011,923)
Net interest income/expenses
............................................................................
2,574,587
18,030,926
15,531,016
14,496,464
Fees and commissions received
............................................................................
1,024,330
7,173,819
7,367,158
5,630,813
Fees and commissions paid
............................................................................
(202,698)
(1,419,583)
(1,838,412)
(1,394,469)

--- Page 202 ---
188
For the year ended 31 December 
2020
For the year ended 
31 December
2019
2018
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, thousands)
(TL, thousands)
Net fees and commissions income/expenses
............................................................................
821,632
5,754,236
5,528,746
4,236,344
Dividend income
............................................................................
2,450
17,158
16,972
14,567
Trading profit/(loss) (net)
............................................................................
59,929
419,706
(1,434,837)
(81,168)
Other operating income
............................................................................
228,642
1,601,279
1,493,314
1,255,118
Provision for impairment of loans and other 
receivables(2)
............................................................................
(1,454,952)
(10,189,647)
(9,031,725)
(7,304,266)
Other operating expenses
............................................................................
(1,274,474)
(8,925,683)
(7,663,658)
(6,684,981)
Net operating profit/loss
............................................................................
957,814
6,707,975
4,439,828
5,932,078
Profit/Loss from equity method applied 
subsidiaries
............................................................................
12,727
89,133 
93,952 
115,817
Provision for taxes on income from 
continuing operations
............................................................................
(245,226)
(1,717,425)
(933,594)
(1,380,357)
Net profit/loss from continuing operations
............................................................................
725,314 
5,079,683 
3,600,186 
4,667,538
Net profit/loss from discontinued 
operations
............................................................................
—
—
—
—
_______
Notes:
(1)
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the average rate of TL 7.0034  = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds 
with average of the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate for the year ended 31 December 2020.  Such translation should not be construed as 
a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA.
(2)
Includes provision for expected losses and other provision expenses. 
Key Ratios
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2020, and as of and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.  The basis for 
calculation of ratios that are non-GAAP financial measures is set out in the notes below.  Non-GAAP 
financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial 
information presented in compliance with BRSA Principles.  See “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance”.
As of and for the year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(%)
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest(1)
....................................................................................................................
12.0
9.4
14.2
Net interest margin(2)
....................................................................................................................
3.8
3.5
4.1
Capital adequacy ratio(3)
....................................................................................................................
17.2
16.7
14.8
Cost to income(4)
....................................................................................................................
33.4
34.9
32.2

--- Page 203 ---
189
Free capital ratio(5)
....................................................................................................................
3.8
3.8
5.3
Non-performing loans to total cash loans(6)
....................................................................................................................
6.2
7.4
5.3
Cost to average total assets(7)
....................................................................................................................
1.9
1.9
1.9
______________
Notes:
(1)
Annualised return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest, calculated based on the average of shareholders’ 
equity (less intangible assets) at the end of the current period and shareholders’ equity (less intangible assets) at the end of the 
previous period. 
(2)
Net interest income (swap adjusted) divided by average interest earning assets (based on Bank-only).
(3)
The capital adequacy ratio presented as of 31 December 2020 reflects the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment-Capital Adequacy”. The capital adequacy without forbearance would be 16.7%.
(4)
Represents non-interest expenses (adjusted for trading income to hedge foreign currency rates, expected credit losses and 
collections, excluding pension fund provisions). divided by total operating income before provisions and non-interest expense.
(5)
Total shareholders’ equity excluding investment in associates, property and equipment, intangible assets, tax assets, deferred 
income tax assets, other assets, (NPL-provisions) divided by total assets.
(6)
Total non-performing loans divided by total cash loans.
(7)
Operating costs divided by the average of assets at the end of the current period and assets at the end of the previous period. 
* 6.5% on a comparable basis, adjusted for forbearances introduced by BRSA regarding recognition of loans following COVID-19

--- Page 204 ---
190
CAPITALISATION OF THE BANK
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalisation of the Group as of 31 December 
2020.  The information in this table has been extracted from the Group’s Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 without material adjustment.  This table 
should be read in conjunction with “Use of Proceeds”.
As of 31 December 2020
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1)
(TL, 
thousands)
Indebtedness 
Subordinated debt
...........................................................................................................................................
3,086,309
22,655,054
Marketable securities issued (net)
...........................................................................................................................................
3,355,134
24,628,361
Other borrowings
...........................................................................................................................................
10,460,508
76,785,357
Total Indebtedness
16,901,951
124,068,772
Equity
Paid in capital and share premium
...........................................................................................................................................
1,226,618
9,003,988
Other reserves
...........................................................................................................................................
5,030,123
36,923,617
Retained earnings
...........................................................................................................................................
223,412
1,639,954
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Parent
...........................................................................................................................................
6,480,152
47,567,559
Minority interests
...........................................................................................................................................
110
807
Shareholders’ equity
...........................................................................................................................................
6,480,262
47,568,366
Total capitalisation
...........................................................................................................................................
23,382,213
171,637,138
_____________
Note:
(1)
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 7.3405  = U.S.$1.00, which 
corresponds with the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2020.  Such translation should not be construed as a 
representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of the BRSA.  
There has been no material change in the Bank’s capitalisation since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 205 ---
191
BUSINESS OF THE BANK
Overview
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey.  It 
was established on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial 
Code, the Banking Law and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years.
According to BRSA statistics, as of 31 December 2020, the Bank was the third largest private 
bank in Turkey by total assets and ranked third among private banks in total cash loans (loans other 
than letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 16.1% market share among private 
banks and an 8.1% market share in the overall banking sector (compared with a market share of 8.7% 
as of 31 December 2019 and 9.2% as of 31 December 2018), and fourth among private banks in total 
deposits with a 14.2% market share (compared with a market share of 15.2% as of 31 December 2019 
and 16.1% as of 31 December 2018).  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 835 branches covering 
all regions of Turkey (including one branch in Bahrain).  It maintains market leading positions in key 
segments and products supported by its strong franchise, large network and leading brand.  The Group 
is organised into two segments: (i) retail banking; (individual banking, business banking, private 
banking and wealth management and credit card operations) (ii) corporate, commercial and SME 
banking.  The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries.  The 
Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank held leading market positions in Turkey in credit cards 
(16.8% market share in credit card outstanding volume according to the BRSA statistics).  As of 31 
December 2020, the Bank also had strong positions in mutual funds (ranked second, with a 15.7% 
market share, according to Rasyonet), and non-cash loans (ranked second among private banks with a 
19.4% market share, as of 31 December 2020, according to the BRSA statistics).
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group had TL 
101.5 billion (U.S.$13.8 billion) of assets in its retail banking segment.  The Bank’s retail banking 
activities include card payment systems, individual, individual portfolio, blue class, business banking 
and private banking. Retail banking products and services offered to customers include card payment 
systems, consumer loans (including general purpose loans, auto loans, mortgages), commercial 
installment loans, time and demand deposits, gold banking, investment accounts, life and non-life 
insurance products and payroll services. In addition, customers who receive their monthly salary/SSI 
payments through our bank are offered privileges covering various banking transactions. Card payment 
systems cover the management of products, services, campaigns for member merchants as well as the 
sales and activities for a variety of customer types. Crystal, Play, Adios and Taksitçi are the other card 
brands providing services for the different segments within the World brand, shopping and marketing 
platform of the Bank. Through its Blue Class and private banking activities, the Bank serves high net 
worth customers and delivers investment products to this customer segment. Among the products and 
services offered to private banking customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, foreign 
exchange, gold and equity trading. Also, personal art advisory, inheritance advisory, real estate 
advisory, tax advisory, education and philanthropic advisory are offered within the private banking and 
wealth management activities.
The corporate, commercial and SME banking segment is organised into three subgroups: 
corporate banking for large-scale, international and multinational companies and commercial banking 
for medium-sized enterprises and SME banking for SME companies. Corporate and commercial 
banking has a product range of working capital finance, trade finance, project finance, domestic and 
international non-cash loans such as letters of credit and letters of guarantee, cash management, internet 
banking, financial advisory and equity management advisory. SME banking offer to customers SME 
loans and SME banking packages products. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had approximately 43,000 corporate and commercial 
customers.

--- Page 206 ---
192
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed 
income, money market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for 
its own account and for the account of its customers.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Turkey (and third 
largest among private banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 835 branches spread 
throughout Turkey, including one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.4% market share).  While the 
Bank’s branch network covers all regions in Turkey, as of 31 December 2020, most of the branches 
were in the larger cities, with 69% of the Bank’s branches being located in the ten largest cities 
(including Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and Adana).  According to BRSA statistics, 
the Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Turkey as of 31 December 2020 in terms of branches 
was 9.6% compared with 9.5 for 31 December 2019 and 9.3% for 31 December 2018.
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array 
of alternative distribution channels (“ADCs”) including 4,535 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” 
ATMs with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Turkey with an 9.0% market 
share according to the Inter-bank Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 7.4 million 
customers as of 31 December 2020, a leading position in mobile banking with 7.0 million customers as 
of 31 December 2020, as well as three award winning call centres, according to the Turkish Banking 
Association.  See “—Distribution Network—Alternative Channels”.  As of 31 December 2020, the 
Group had 16,938 employees, of which 16,037 were employees of the Bank (representing on 8.6% 
market share).  This compares to 17,466 and 18,448 employees as of 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018, respectively, of which 16,631 and 17,577 were employees of the Bank.  
Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Azerbaijan, 
Malta and a branch in Bahrain.
The Group had total assets of TL 486.5 billion (U.S.$66  billion) as of 31 December 2020, 
compared with TL 411 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 373 billion as of 31 December 2018.
According to the BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group 
had operating income of TL 16,987 million (U.S.$2,314 million) compared to TL 13,566 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 and TL 13,352 million for the year ended 31 December 2018. For 
the period ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s cost to income ratio was 33.4% and operating cost 
growth was 17% year-over-year. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s cost to income 
ratio was 34.9% compared to 33% in 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s costs divided by 
average assets ratio were 1.9% versus 1.9% as of 31 December 2019. The Group’s fees divided by 
operating costs ratio reached 67% in the period ended 31 December 2020.
The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology 
and a committed workforce, delivering responsible growth.  A main strategy of the Group is achieving 
best-in-class profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable 
shareholder returns.
The Group’s net profit was TL 5,080 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ 
equity (excluding intangible assets) was 12.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020, compared with 
TL 3,600 million and 9.8% for the year ended 31 December 2019 and TL 4,668 million and 14.2% for 
the year ended 31 December 2018. The banking sector’s return on average tangible shareholders’ equity 
was 10.5%, 10.6% and 13.9% for the year ended 31 December 2020 and for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 2018 respectively. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s return on average assets 
ratio was at 1.1%, compared to 0.9% as of 31 December 2019 and 1.4% as of 31 December 2018.
As of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 18.2% (or 17.6% without Temporary Forbearances), 17.8% and 16.1% respectively, 
on a Bank-only basis. As of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Bank’s 
common equity tier-1 ratio was 13.6% (or 13.1% without Temporary Forbearances), 13.3% and 12.4% 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis. On a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios stood

--- Page 207 ---
193
at 17.2% (or 16.7% without Temporary Forbearances), 16.7% and 14.8% as of 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018 respectively, while common equity Tier-1 ratios were 12.8% 
(or 12.4% without Temporary Forbearances), 12.5% and 11.4% as of the same dates. The banking 
sector’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 18.3%, 18.0% and 16.9% as of 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively.
Key Competitive Advantages
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages 
that enable it to compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including:

Leading market positions in key segments and products.
The Bank is the second largest privately owned bank in Turkey by assets, with leading 
market positions in Turkey in credit cards (with a market share of 16.8% in credit card 
outstanding volume as of 31 December 2020).

Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet.
The Group has total assets that incorporate a high proportion of loans (58% as of 31 
December 2020) and a low proportion of securities (16% as of 31 December 2020).
The Group aims to reduce the concentration in lending and deposits and spread out 
with smaller balances.  The Group is focused on improving its loan book mix towards 
more value generating areas.  In this respect the Bank seeks to maintain a balanced 
growth between lower value lending and larger (corporate and commercial) lending on 
its loan book.

Large network and leading brand.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 835 branches (including one branch in Bahrain, 
but excluding its international presence through its overseas subsidiaries; the Group 
had 867 branches including its international presence). As of 31 December 2020, the 
Group had a solid distribution platform, including the sixth largest branch network in 
Turkey according to the Turkish Banking Association, with a market share of 8.4% (as 
compared to 8.3% as of 31 December 2019 and 8.2% as of 31 December 2018). As of 
31 December 2020, the Group had innovative ADCs including 4,535 ATMs, 100% of 
which are “advanced” ATMs with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM 
network in Turkey with an 9.0% market share according to the Inter-bank Card Center 
(“BKM”) (8.5% as of 31 December 2019 and 8.6% as of 31 December 2018). Digital 
banking with 7.4 million active customers, a leading position in mobile banking with 
7.0 million active customers according to the Turkish Banking Association as of 31 
December 2020, as well as three award winning call centres. The Group’s share of main 
banking products sold through digital platforms is 97% as of 31 December 2020.

Strong commitment to risk management.
The Group has a conservative risk management strategy with solid credit risk 
infrastructure, underwriting and monitoring systems. The Group avoids speculative 
open foreign exchange positions and maintains liquidity ratios well above the 
regulatory levels. As of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio according to the BRSA statistics was 18.2% (or 
17.6% without Temporary Forbearances), 17.8%, and 16.1% respectively, on a Bank-
only basis. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had limited intragroup exposure, at 
11.2% of its capital, as compared with the 12.9% regulatory limit. The Group’s loan 
book is diversified, with its top 20 loans amounting to only 15.7% of its loan book as 
of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 208 ---
194

Diversified, high quality revenue mix.
The Group believes it has a sustainable revenue base, with a high share of fees in total 
revenues amounting to 22% for the year ended 31 December 2020, and that it has the 
capacity to effectively manage net interest margin through dynamic pricing.  The Group 
aims to reduce its concentration in lending and deposits spreading out with smaller 
tickets and focus on transaction banking and commission generation.

Strong and committed shareholders.
The is Koç Group is the Group’s largest shareholder, holding a 49.97% interest in the 
Group. Support from the Koç Group provides stability and helps to maximise the 
Bank’s growth potential. The Koç Group, established in 1926, is the largest 
conglomerate in Turkey. It has strong positions in the energy, automotive and finance 
sectors in Turkey as well as in consumer durables both domestically and 
internationally, enabling potential synergies with the Group. As of 31 December 2020, 
the Group had limited intragroup exposure, at 11.2% of its capital, as compared with 
the regulatory limit of 20%.
Strategy
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its 
mission to ensure long-term sustainable growth and value creation for all stakeholders and to become 
the first choice for customers and employees.
Principles
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles:
Healthy and consistent growth

Focus on core banking activities, growth in value generating segments and products, 
continuous improvement in commercial effectiveness, expansion of market presence 
and funding diversification to sustain long-term performance. 
Strong and sustainable profitability

Address specific customer needs via segment-based service model, optimise cost to 
serve to improve competitiveness and maintain effective cost, risk and capital 
management.
Superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction

Enhance an easy to work with approach through continuous investments in technology 
and delivery channels while maintaining focus on innovation, employee satisfaction 
and loyalty.
Key strategic objectives
The Bank aims to achieve a sustainable performance through sustained customer orientation.  
The Bank expects to continue its strong performance through the following key long-term strategic 
pillars:
Growth and Commercial Effectiveness

Value generating loan growth with a focus on general purpose loans, mortgages and 
SMEs in retail lending, together with selective growth in corporate/commercial lending 
with a focus on higher yielding mid-commercial and project finance.

--- Page 209 ---
195

Improvements in efficiency and cost containment alongside significant investments.

Fee generation and customer penetration through continued focus on retail business 
and cross-selling.
Funding and Capital

Emphasis on further strengthening deposit base and diversifying funding sources.

Effective loan/deposit ratio management.

Efficient capital utilisation with a focus on targeted growth in value generating 
segments and capital strengthening actions.
Efficiency and Cost Optimisation

Disciplined cost approach and lower cost to serve.

Optimisation of physical presence.

Multi-channel approach and continuation of investments in growth initiatives with 
increased development of ADCs as sales channels.
Risk Management

Dynamic and proactive portfolio management.

Investments/enhancements to maintain cost of risk through the cycle levels.

Early collections via capacity increase.

Continuous enhancements of risks systems, especially in consumer and SME segments.

Further improvements in quality of new loan generation. 
Sustainability

Customer/employee satisfaction and loyalty.

Investments in technology and innovation.

Enhancement of easy to work with approach.

Acceleration of customer acquisition, penetration and activation. 
Business Plan
The Bank’s strategy is to be a customer centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge 
technology and a committed workforce, delivering responsible growth and achieving best-in-class 
profitability, backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder 
returns.  The Bank is targeting strategic goals that build upon its existing business strategy to achieve 
an improvement in return on average assets and return on average tangible shareholders’ equity.
Strengthen and optimise its capital position
The Bank has targeted a 200 basis-points CET1 ratio buffer over the regulatory limits as a 
medium term goal to sufficiently strengthen its capital position to permit dividend payments while 
maintaining a sufficient capital buffer, primarily based on the execution of the Capital Strengthening

--- Page 210 ---
196
Plan that was approved by the Bank’s Board of Directors on 26 April 2018 (the “Capital Strengthening 
Plan”).  The Capital Strengthening Plan included two components:

A domestic rights issue at nominal value, without restricting the statutory pre-emption 
rights of its existing shareholders, in the amount of TL 4,100,000 thousand, which 
increased its issued share capital by 94.31680%, from TL 4,347,051 thousand to 
TL 8,447,051 thousand.  The domestic rights issue was completed and registered with 
the İstanbul Trade Registry on 29 June 2018.

An issuance of Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 notes eligible for 
inclusion as Additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank.  For a description of regulatory 
requirements in relation to Additional Tier 1 capital requirements, see “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment”.
On 30 April 2018, as part of the Capital Strengthening Plan, the Bank requested approval from 
the relevant authorities for a paid-in share capital increase, which was completed on 29 June 2018.  As 
a result, the Bank’s new issued share capital reached TL 8,447,051 thousand.  The domestic rights issue 
was 94.3% subscribed. 
In January 2019, the Bank raised U.S.$650 million worth of additional Tier 1 capital.  The 
transaction marked the first time additional Tier 1 capital was raised by a Turkish deposit bank through 
the issuance of USD-denominated bonds with market participation.  The additional Tier 1 capital 
issuance, which is callable once every five years, was conducted in the international markets and also 
with the participation of Koç Holding and UniCredit S.p.A..  The coupon rate for the transaction was 
set at 13.87%.
The two transactions both confirmed the confidence of main shareholders and international 
investors in the Bank as well as strengthening the Bank’s capital structure as was the aim of the Capital 
Strengthening Plan announced in 2018.  The Bank has completed the Capital Strengthening Plan.
The Bank also issued two further domestic Tier 2 issuances in 2019 comprised of a TL500m 
floating-rate issuance in July 2019 and a TL 300 million issuance in October 2019, further strengthening 
its capital position.
The Bank issued a U.S.$500 million 144A/Reg S, 10NC5 Basel III complaint Tier-2 transaction 
with a coupon rate of 7.875%. The transaction was priced at above 6 times the oversubscribed order 
book, consisting of a geographically diverse investor base with over 200 accounts. The proceeds of this 
transaction are to be used to call the 10NC5 Basel III compliant Tier-2 issued in March 2016.
Sustainable revenue generation by rebalancing business mix
The Bank targets sustainable revenue generation through the rebalancing of the Bank’s business 
portfolio.  In relation to this target, the Bank is undertaking a number of strategic and operational steps:

focusing on small ticket and higher value generating segments and products, with a 
focus on individuals and SMEs (including both loan and deposit initiatives, such as 
introducing individual consumer pricing, growing the number of payroll customers and 
targeting sub-segments within the SME sector).  The Bank targets an increase in small 
ticket demand and individual deposits in order to control funding costs.  In turn, the 
Bank also seeks to limit risk in its corporate portfolio by reducing concentration by 
borrower and sector;

increasing the Bank’s transactional banking and payment systems to strengthen fees by 
continuing to focus on growing all elements of the Bank’s existing fee revenue streams 
(including both banking and non-banking services); and

--- Page 211 ---
197

increasing the Bank’s house-bank customer penetration together with ongoing new 
customer acquisition.
Efficiency gains by streamlining operations
Furthermore, the Bank is expecting to continue with a balanced approach in terms of revenues 
and cost management.  In order to achieve its cost targets, as well as the above-mentioned revenue and 
profitability targets, the Bank is undertaking a number of operation improvements, including: 

continuing its investment in digital transformation, which would involve increasing IT 
investments through 2020 to offer most of the Bank’s products via digital channels and 
further increase the number of customers and transactions using digital channels;

streamlining its operations with process automation and centralisation where feasible; 
and

improving operational processes through service-channel improvements through a new 
central service model for mass and micro customers with dedicated relationship 
managers for higher-value consumer and corporate customers.
As a result of these investments and initiatives, the Bank seeks to significantly improve its loans 
per branch, loans per employee, deposits per branch and deposits per employee.
Asset quality optimisation
The Bank is expecting to reduce its total cost of risk through a combination of operational 
improvements and asset quality optimisation, including the following:

improving its underwriting approach for its customers and products (which involve 
automating individual and micro SME customers while tailoring underwriting for 
larger loans);

centralising risk monitoring and improving the Bank’s collection processes (including 
further sub-segmentation of customer segments less than 90 days overdue and 
introducing additional key performance indicators); and 

actively managing its non-performing loan stock (with a continuing focus on NPL loan 
sales where appropriate as well as a broader range of restructuring options).
The Business Plan (as defined in “—Business Plan”) includes, inter alia, targets and objectives 
in respect of most of the consolidated and divisional economic line items and indicators of the Bank’s 
financial statements as well as statements with respect to its strategic goals and objectives.  Although 
the Bank believes that the assumptions reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it 
does not provide any assurance with respect to such statements.  The preparation of the Business Plan 
is based upon, inter alia, certain assumptions concerning future events that management expects to 
occur, and the actions management intends to take once the Business Plan is implemented.  Such events 
and actions may not actually be realised, as they depend substantially on variables that management 
cannot control, and may involve situations that management cannot predict.  As a result, the targets and 
objectives in the Business Plan, and the assumptions underlying those targets and objectives, are by 
definition uncertain and actual results or events may differ materially from, and be more negative than, 
those that are implied in the targets and objectives.  
Data used in the Business Plan are based on assumptions regarding the Bank’s operations and 
results that are based on its current expectations regarding future events and are therefore subject to 
significant uncertainties that could cause the Bank’s actual results to differ.  These uncertainties include, 
inter alia, the Bank’s ability to grow in terms of operating profit and net profit and to carry out 
investments and other transaction provided for in the Business Plan, the assumptions about trends in

--- Page 212 ---
198
macroeconomic indicators, political and regulatory developments and other objectives and targets in 
the Business Plan.  Should any of these uncertainties be realised or any of the key assumptions prove 
to be inaccurate, the Bank’s actual results or events would likely differ materially from those expressed 
or implied in the targets and objectives.  Further, the targets in the Business Plan exclude any possible 
impact from IFRS 16 which entered into force on 1 January 2019 and the expected results assume the 
successful completion of the issuance of the Covered Bonds.  In addition, the targets and objectives 
were derived in a modelling process based on certain further underlying assumptions, which may prove 
to be incorrect.  Hence, there can be no assurance that the targets and objectives will eventually prove 
to be accurate and prospective investors should be aware that a number of factors, including factors 
beyond the Bank’s control, might render achieving the targets and objectives set forth in the Business 
Plan difficult or impossible.  Undue reliance should not be placed on the targets and objectives, which 
speak only as of the date that they were made.
These cautionary statements should be considered in connection with any written or oral 
forward-looking statements that the Bank may issue in the future.  The Bank does not undertake any 
obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements after the date hereof to 
reflect later events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
History
The Bank in its present form results from the merger of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and 
Koçbank in 2006.  Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. was established on 7 July 1944 as Turkey’s first 
retail-focused privately owned bank with a nationwide presence, and management believes it has played 
a pioneering role in the banking sector.  Since its origins, the Bank has maintained a strong reputation 
in the banking sector leveraging on its customer-centric approach, dedication to innovation and 
contribution to the development of the financial sector in Turkey.
The following are a number of notable landmarks in the Bank’s history:

1940s-1950s: The Bank gained a strong position as Turkey’s first retail-focused private 
bank with a nationwide presence.

1960s: Introduced computerisation to the Turkish banking sector and played a 
pioneering role in developing long-term project finance lending.

1970s: Led the way in the development of financial and international subsidiaries and 
became the first bank to be authorised to hold a foreign currency position in Turkey.

1980s: Introduced individual loans, credit cards, debit cards, ATMs and online banking 
systems; laid the foundations for today’s corporate banking; established the first 
Turkish offshore bank in the Middle East and became the first Turkish bank to issue 
bonds and certificates in the international capital markets.

1990s: Initiated the first telephone banking service, introduced an advanced credit card 
infrastructure with loyalty point awards and instalments and was the first bank in 
Turkey to receive the ISO 9001 quality certification.  In addition, the Bank developed 
its services infrastructure and modernised its corporate structure, human resources, 
education systems and market strategies to better suit the requirements of an 
increasingly technology-driven environment.

2000s: Successfully completed its merger with Koçbank in October 2006, the largest 
merger in the Turkish banking sector, creating a strong retail franchise.

2014: Started a growth project to strengthen its market position through investments 
aimed at enhancing commercial effectiveness including an increase in headcount, 
ATMs and branches.  In order to reach its objective, the Bank increased headcount by 
1,850, opened 60 new branches and 606 new ATMs, introduced branchless service

--- Page 213 ---
199
models, enhanced internet banking and undertook other projects to improve 
commercial effectiveness.

2015: Growth-oriented investment strategy continued with the bulk of the investments 
completed.  In the context of this strategy, the Bank increased its headcount by 811 
people and opened 17 new branches and 584 new ATMs during 2015.

2016: With the investment phase completed in 2015, the harvest phase of the growth 
strategy began in 2016, with a focus on strong growth in profitability, return on equity 
improvement and shareholders’ equity.  The Bank recorded profitability acceleration 
driven by its core business in 2016.  The Bank’s focus during the year was on 
maintaining scale with continuing remix, strong revenue generation via ongoing 
customer acquisition and disciplined cost control, heavily leveraging digitalisation as 
well as controlled asset quality.

2017: The Bank saw profitability to continue to improve, driven by a core banking 
focus, strict cost discipline, while heavily leveraging digitalisation and further 
improvement in asset quality.  The Bank kept its market positioning stable compared 
with private banks, with a focus on a value generating mix.  In terms of revenues, the 
Bank focused on ongoing outperformance supported by sustainable core banking 
activity, while pursuing with strict cost discipline its process of leveraging heavily on 
digitalisation and efficiency.  Meanwhile, the Bank continued with its conservative and 
proactive asset quality approach to ensure an improvement in performance and focused 
on maintaining solid capital and liquidity positions. 

2018: The Bank saw profitability continue to improve, driven by improvements in core 
revenue areas resulting from wider net interest margins and higher fee generation, and 
supported by ongoing cost discipline and stable running costs.  The Bank maintained a 
conservative and proactive approach to managing asset quality, classifying several 
large loans as NPLs during the period where macro volatility was evident.  At the same 
time, the Bank increased the coverage of Stage 3 loans with the intention to further 
continue NPL stock management.  Furthermore, the Bank successfully finalised a 
capital injection of TL 4.1 billion during this period, further supporting its liquidity and 
capital positions.

2019: During the first half of 2019, the Bank continued to focus on reducing 
concentration in lending and deposits, focusing on granularity and small ticket 
individual deposits, improving core revenues through successful management of the 
asset liability mix and pricing as well as solid fee generation through focus on 
transactional banking and payment systems.  Within the period, the Bank sustained a 
controlled cost management while continuing to implement a prudent asset quality 
approach in the challenging operating environment.

2020: Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by KFS, which was jointly 
owned by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.. In November 2019, the Koç Group and 
UniCredit S.p.A.reached an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure. On 
5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the contemplated 
share transfers, whereby UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the 
Bank’s existing share capital and the Koç Group increased its ownership to 49.97%. 
Immediately after the completion of the share transfers between the Koç Group and 
UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through accelerated 
book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors. 
The sale took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00% 
and the Bank’s free float increased to 30.03%. In a challenging period shaded by the 
COVID-19 pandemic globally followed by macro and political uncertainties, the Group 
continued its prudent policies regarding asset quality, capitalization and liquidity while

--- Page 214 ---
200
maintaining strategies in terms of asset liability management for sustainable 
profitability.
Following significant volatility in the Turkish currency and foreign exchange markets in 
2001 and the collapse of several institutions, in 2002, the BRSA commenced an audit process that 
assessed the financial condition of all Turkish banks.  Following this audit process, in January 2003 the 
BRSA, the SDIF and the Çukurova Group, which was then the Bank’s largest shareholder, entered into 
an agreement under which the SDIF took certain protective measures and it was agreed that shares of 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. previously owned or controlled by the Çukurova Group (57.4% in 
aggregate) would be sold within two years.
Koçbank was founded in 1981 as the American Express Bank, based in Istanbul.  Koç Holding 
acquired a 51% stake in the American Express Bank in 1986, renaming it Koç American Bank, and, in 
1992, the bank became a wholly owned subsidiary of Koç Holding and was renamed Koçbank A.Ş. 
KFS was established in March 2001 as a management company and all financial services companies 
owned by Koç Holding, including Koçbank, were united under KFS.  In October 2002, Koç Holding 
and UniCredit S.p.A. signed a joint venture agreement and became joint shareholders in KFS (each with 
a 50% interest), making KFS the first foreign partnership to be established in the financial sector in 
Turkey.
Under the management of UniCredit S.p.A. and Koç Holding, Koçbank underwent a significant 
restructuring process and began a period of organic growth.  By 2005, Koçbank had over 170 branches 
and had developed its own expertise in private banking, asset management and corporate and 
commercial banking, leasing and factoring companies.
In January 2005, pursuant to its agreement with the BRSA and the SDIF, Çukurova Group sold 
57.4% of the Bank’s shares to KFS.  In April 2006, Koçbank acquired a further 9.9% of the Bank’s 
shares, taking Koçbank’s interest in the Bank to 67.3%.
In October 2006, Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. was merged with Koçbank, when Koçbank was 
dissolved and its rights, receivables, obligations and liabilities were transferred to Yapı ve Kredi 
Bankası A.Ş., with the combined legal entity continuing under the name Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.  
The merger between Koçbank (eighth largest bank) and Yapı Kredi (seventh largest bank) formed the 
new Yapı Kredi, which became the fourth largest private bank.
Overview of Banking Products and Services
The Bank’s operations are carried out through three main segments: (a) retail banking, which 
includes the Bank’s individual, card payment systems and SME business segments; (b) private banking 
and wealth management; and (c) corporate and commercial banking.  The Bank’s service model is 
supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries.
Organisational structure
The following chart represents the Bank’s organisational structure as of October 2020, 
including its subsidiaries’ structure.

--- Page 215 ---
201
Retail Banking
Overview
The Bank’s retail banking division consists of the following segments: credit card, individual 
banking (and the mass and blue class sub-segments) and SME banking businesses.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, retail banking was one of the key growth areas for the 
Bank, especially in general purpose loans, credit cards, mortgages, asset gathering (deposits and mutual 
funds) and pension funds.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s retail banking division served 
approximately 12.5 million active retail customers, which were serviced by 1,483 retail relationship 
managers through 760 retail branches.
In the Turkish retail banking market, as of 31 December 2020, the Bank was the market leader 
in terms of credit card volume outstanding, number of credit cards, and commercial cards volume 
outstanding and credit card acquiring turnover. The Bank ranked second in credit card issuing. As of 
31 December 2020, the Bank was the fifth largest bank in terms of consumer loan volume and the sixth 
largest bank in terms of deposit volume according to BRSA financials. Income from the Bank’s retail 
banking activities comprises primarily interest income from loans to individuals and SMEs and 
commission income from loans, credit cards, point of sale business and other banking transactions. As 
of 31 December 2020, the Group had loans in its consumer segment (excluding credit cards) of TL 
50,228,033 thousand (U.S.$6,842,590 thousand) compared to TL 37,007,433 thousand (U.S.$4,739,681 
thousand) at 31 December 2019 and TL 32,623,117 thousand at 31 December 2018.
The Bank offers its retail customers a broad range of products and services, including general 
purpose loans, auto loans, credit, debit and prepaid cards, payment and collection services, deposit and 
overdraft accounts, asset management products, scrap gold collection, working account, platinum fund, 
İlk param, cross-sell screens, pre-approved loan, packages, ATMs, telephone banking, internet banking 
and mobile banking and life and non-life insurance products.  The Bank introduced some of these 
products and services to the Turkish banking industry, including consumer loans, credit cards, overdraft 
accounts, telephone banking, ATMs and point of service terminals, and the Bank’s management 
believes that the Bank has been a pioneer in retail banking in Turkey.
Retail Customer Segmentation
Within the retail banking division, the Bank’s customers are divided into three categories to 
facilitate customer management and to allow a clear and focused approach for responding to different 
groups’ behaviours and needs.  These three categories are: mass, mass affluent and blue, each a 
sub segment within individual banking and the SME segment (comprised of companies).
Individuals are segmented mainly by the value of their assets with the Bank and/or the amount 
of their monthly salary, while SME customers are segmented according to their annual turnover.  Mass 
customers are individuals with total personal financial assets of up to TL 200,000 or a monthly salary 
below TL 20,000.  Blue customers are individuals with total personal financial assets of TL 200,000

--- Page 216 ---
202
and above, a monthly salary of TL 20,000 and above or a credit card limit of TL 50,000 and above.  
SMEs are customers with annual turnover of less than U.S.$10,000,000.
Cards Payment Business
The Bank was the first bank in Turkey to issue credit cards, starting in 1988.  Since then, it has 
been one of Turkey’s leading issuers and acquirers of credit cards and this remains an important focus 
for the Bank.
The Bank has maintained non-exclusive agreements with Visa International since 1981, Visa 
Europe since 2009 and MasterCard International since 1988.
The Bank has been a leader in credit cards for the last 33 years with strong brand recognition 
and a loyal customer base.  The Bank’s credit card programme, World, was the fifth largest in Europe 
and 66 largest in the world according to the Nilson Report.  According to the Nilson Report in 2020, 
the Bank’s credit card programme, World, is the largest credit card programme in Turkey and in 
continental Europe in terms of outstanding volume.
Card Payment Products
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank maintained its leadership both in credit card stock and 
outstanding volume, which had approximately 11.9 million credit cards (including virtual cards) issued, 
representing market shares of 15.8% in Turkey by number of cards, according to the Inter-bank Card 
Centre, and 16.8% market share by outstanding balance, according to BRSA statistics, respectively. 
The Bank’s outstanding credit card receivables (including commercial cards) amounted to TL 33.9 
billion (U.S.$4.6 billion) as of 31 December 2020.
The Bank focused on special campaign offers to commercial credit card customers to enhance 
cash flow management and synergies with SME banking. A new credit card limit project allows SME 
sole proprietors to use their credit card limits interchangeably between individual and commercial cards. 
In terms of issuing volume, the commercial credit cards market grew from TL 189.7 billion (U.S.$36.1 
billion) as of 31 December 2018, to TL 221.3 billion (U.S.$28.3 billion) as of 31 December 2019 and 
TL 277.7 billion (U.S.$37.8 billion) as of 31 December 2020. Moreover, in terms of outstanding 
volume, the commercial credit cards market grew from TL 30.6 billion (U.S.$5.8 billion) as of 31 
December 2018, to TL 36.9 billion (U.S.$6.2 billion) as of 31 December 2019 and further to TL 57.5 
billion (U.S.$7.8 billion) as of 31 December 2020. Meanwhile, the Bank maintained its leadership 
position in terms of commercial card turnover volume with 16.6% market share and commercial card 
outstanding volume with 26.8% market share among private banks as of 31 December 2020.
Credit card customers are an important source of new business for the Bank, as a credit card is 
often the first of the Bank’s products acquired by a customer.  The Bank endeavours to cross-sell its 
credit card customers other products and services utilising advanced marketing techniques, including 
customer relationship management programmes and database marketing systems with its merchant 
network to increase sales.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s credit card division was served by a 
sales team comprising 205 sales people throughout various regions in Turkey.
The Bank’s own credit card brand, Worldcard, was launched in 1991.  In 2002, following 
changes in both card technology and customer preferences, the Bank re-launched the Worldcard brand 
by allowing the card to be used with merchants in the Bank’s merchant network to purchase items on 
instalment plans and offered a new Worldcard loyalty programme.  The Bank offers a wide variety of 
credit cards, each targeted at a specific range of customers.  Listed below are some examples of the 
Bank’s cards payment products and a brief description of their features:

Worldcard
Worldcard is the Bank’s mass credit card with instalment, loyalty point and cash 
advance options.

--- Page 217 ---
203

World Gold Card
World Gold card is the second tier card in the World portfolio, offering the same 
benefits as the Worldcard but considered to be more prestigious.  World Gold card 
provides purchase protection insurance and assistance services to cardholders such as 
medical consulting, homecare services, and an information line for social activities, 
restaurants and hotels.  

World Platinum Card
World Platinum card is the most prestigious credit card in the World portfolio.  
Customers with a minimum monthly income of TL 6,000 can apply for a World 
Platinum card.

adios Card
adios card specifically targets customers who travel frequently.  adios cardholders are 
able to redeem their loyalty points at a greater value to cover their travel expenses.

adios Premium Card
adios Premium card targets the platinum traveller segment with a minimum monthly 
income of TL 8,000. adios Premium cardholders are able to redeem their loyalty points 
at a greater value to cover their travel expenses.

Crystal Card
Crystal card is the most prestigious credit card in the Bank’s credit card portfolio which 
is offered to a limited number of distinguished clients.  Crystal cards offer several 
privileges to cardholders ranging from private concierge services to travel privileges, 
as well as other services such as insurance.

Opet Worldcard
Opet Worldcard is a co-branded credit card in cooperation with Opet Gas Distribution 
Company.  Opet Worldcard targets customers that have regular fuel consumption.  
Besides including all the benefits of the Worldcard, customers are rewarded with fuel 
points that can only be redeemed at Opet Stations.

Play Card
Play card specifically targets the youth segment and university students can apply for 
Play cards without declaring income.  Play card won the Best New Customer 
Proposition and The Best of The Best awards in the Visa Europe Member Awards 2009 
held among all Visa Europe member banks.  Play Card won three bronze awards in the 
Crystal Apple Turkish Advertisement Awards Competition media and digital 
categories for sponsorship projects.

taksitçi Card
The taksitçi card enables cardholders to take benefit from repaying in three instalments 
on purchases of TL 100 or above with merchants who are not members of the Bank’s 
World network, as well as a further three instalments on purchases of TL 100 or above 
with merchants who are World members.

--- Page 218 ---
204

World Eko Card
The World Eko card has no annual card fee.  World Eko cardholders are able to benefit 
from instalment, loyalty points and cash advance options.

World Business Card
The World Business card meets the purchasing and cash advance needs of companies, 
combined with the World system advantages.  Cardholders can gain Worldpoints and 
make instalment purchases at member merchants.

Turkish Airlines Corporate Club Card
The Turkish Airlines Corporate Club Card provides generous benefits such as interest-
free instalment plans, discounts for tickets, special baggage allowances and access to 
VIP lounges in airports for SME, commercial and corporate customers.

Debit cards (TLcard, Platinum TLcard, Play TLcard and Business TLcard)
TLcard is a debit card that can be used for banking transactions, cash withdrawals from 
ATMs and purchases at Visa or MasterCard merchants all over the world.  TLcard 
collects Worldpoints from banking transactions and purchases at World merchants.  
Play TLcard is offered to customers aged 12-24 and Business TLcard is offered to all 
companies.

KoçAilem Card and KoçAilem TLcard 
KoçAilem Card (credit card) and KoçAilem TLcard (debit card) is a co-branded card 
programme by the Bank and Koç Holding designed for and only available to Koç 
Group employees, their families, retirees, and Koç University students.
The card offers significant discounts at the Koç Group companies, such as Arçelik, 
Ford, and Koçtaş.  Besides the financial benefits, cardholders are entitled to attend 
special, cardholder-only events, including film screenings and children’s activities 
days.

Prepaid Card (World Nakit, Play Nakit, World Nakit Digital)
World Nakit Digital is a virtual prepaid card launched in November 2018, and World 
Nakit and Play Nakit are physical prepaid cards launched in June 2019 that allow 
customers to spend only a preloaded amount.  Customers do not have to open a bank 
account to use prepaid cards, which can also be used for cash withdrawals from ATMs, 
for purchases and for e-commerce.
New Launches
The Bank offers an instalment payment programme on its credit cards in conjunction with 
certain members of its merchant network, whereby cardholders are able to make instalment payments 
for their purchases and, provided the instalment payments are paid over the agreed time period, interest 
will not accrue on the amount of the purchase.  The programme is only available where the Bank’s 
cardholders make a purchase through one of the Bank’s participating merchants, except where 
customers have the taksitçi card, in which case a limited number of purchases may be made on an 
instalment basis, in applicable sectors.
The Bank’s credit card business operates in accordance with the Bank Cards and Credit Cards 
Law enacted in 2006 (Law No. 5464), which requires that banks issue credit cards only upon request 
by a customer, either orally or in writing.  Credit limits are set at an amount not exceeding twice the

--- Page 219 ---
205
cardholder’s average monthly salary for the first year the customer receives his first credit card from a 
Turkish bank, and an amount not exceeding four times the average monthly salary for the second year, 
if a sufficient limit is available.  The Central Bank determines the maximum contractual and default 
interest rates of credit cards.
The Bank aims to provide credit card customers a fully end-to-end digital experience. The 
Bank’s customers can now have credit card membership agreements approved digitally, allowing them 
to use their credit card online and to make payments using a quick-response code (“QR code”) 
instantaneously following approval. The Bank also aims to digitalise the credit card experience through 
the new “World Mobil” mobile application, which is transformed from the previous “Yapı Kredi 
Wallet” with a renewed user interface and user experience and new payment and card functions in 
January 2019.  World Mobil is a marketing platform that provides an end-to-end digital card experience 
to its users through four main sections: Campaigns, Earnings, Yapı Kredi Pay, Card Management.  
Using the application, customers can view and enrol in promotional campaigns, access their shopping 
transactions, points, payment limits and cut-off dates for their accounts and payment deadlines.
In August of 2020, the Bank launched “Anında Kart” which is an embossed card that can be 
obtained quickly from all Yapı Kredi branches. With the Anında Kart, customers can easily receive 
their credit or debit cards and begin to use them. Anında Kart is only available for Worldcard, World 
Gold Card, World Platinum Card, TLcard and Platinum TLcard.
In September of 2020, the Bank launched a new “İstanbulkart” function in its “Yaps Kredi 
Mobil” application. Using Yaps Kredi Mobil, customers can load personal credit cards, prepaid cards 
or accounts onto İstanbulkart, instantly top-up their İstanbulkart, or arrange to automatically top-up 
their İstanbulkart with their Yaps Kredi cards or account
Yapı Kredi Pay was designed to create a seamless payment experience without a physical or 
plastic card.  This conversion started in 2015 with mobile payment solutions or near field 
communication (“NFC”) technology.  In February 2018, the Bank launched quick-response code (“QR 
code”) payment in order to ease the payment experience for e-commerce.  In-car payment was first 
offered to the Bank’s customers in May 2019 so they could make fuel payments without stepping out 
of their cars.  In October 2019, the Bank launched a new QR code payment function at the point of 
service (“POS”) using terminals that allow the Bank’s card customers to pay with a QR code in physical 
stores as well as on e-commerce.
Co-branding Partnerships
The Bank has credit card co-branding partnership agreements with Vakıfbank, Anadolubank 
and Albaraka Turk.  These partnerships have helped the Bank’s credit card brand World become 
Turkey’s largest credit card network and marketing platform, with approximately 18.3 million credit 
cards.
In September 2012, the Bank introduced its World credit card programme in Azerbaijan.  In 
recognition of the Bank’s success in introducing the programme in Azerbaijan, it received the Best 
Marketing Campaign award from MasterCard.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had issued over 
66,469 World credit cards in Azerbaijan.
Merchant Network
The Bank has been a leader in total acquiring volume in the market over a number of years, 
with a market share of 17.8% as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s acquiring volume as of 31 December 
2020 was TL 188.9 billion, as compared to TL 178.1 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 158.0 
billion as of 31 December 2018. Additionally, as of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s market share in 
terms of total POS terminals amounted to 14.4%. The Bank’s number of POS terminals was a total of 
788 thousand as of 31 December 2020, compared to a total of 709 thousand and 686 thousand as of 31 
December 2019 and 2018.

--- Page 220 ---
206
Developing its relationships with merchants is a key priority for the Bank.  The Bank’s large 
POS network enhances the Bank’s retail transactions volume and provides added value to the Bank’s 
cardholders through the various campaigns, promotions and loyalty programmes offered through the 
POS network and participating merchants.
In order to encourage customers to use the Bank’s cards and to attract merchants to enrol in the 
Bank’s World Platform, the Bank offers campaigns such as point rewards, discounts and other 
privileges to its customers.  In order to digitalise the payment process between the Bank’s customers 
and merchants, the Bank enabled QR code payment at the physical POS, allowing customers to make 
payments with their World Mobile or Yapı Kredi Mobile applications even if they do not have their 
bank card or credit card with them.  
The Bank has launched a SoftPOS project in order to increase the flexibility of merchant 
payments and expand merchant numbers. It is a Yapı Kredi “POS Cepte” application that enables 
payment by contactless card from Android devices equipped with NFC hardware.  Thus, merchants will 
be able to benefit from the convenience of receiving payments from anywhere, anytime, without being 
dependent on any device other than their smartphones.
The Bank is taking important steps to improve collaboration with different card schemes; China 
UnionPay and Diners&Discover have been added to the portfolio in addition to Visa, MasterCard and 
Troy. Card holders of those card schemes are able to make their transactions through Yapı Kredi POS 
and ATM networks.
Individual Banking
The Bank’s individual banking activities are organised under mass and blue class sub-segments 
to enable the Bank to differentiate its services and to provide the most suitable products to different 
customer groups.
The Bank’s product offering to its individual customers includes a full range of payment 
products (credited regular school payment product, bill/games/betting payments), overdraft and deposit 
accounts (time deposit, demand deposit, flexible time deposit, fund deposit, gold deposit, and 5D 
deposit, state supported dowry and housing deposits), scrap gold collection, investment products, 
mortgages, auto loans, general purpose loans, home improvement loans, education loans and auto loans, 
Smart Broker, İlk Param, Kartopu, Foreign Exchange Saving and Gold Saving products, Smart Broker 
and Second Fund of Funds as well as health insurance products.
The Bank offers customers in its mass segment a wide variety of products and services through 
diverse delivery channels including branches and a variety of alternative distribution channels such as 
internet and mobile banking portals, ATMs and call centres.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans 
and receivables in its mass segment constituted 16% of its total loans and receivables to its retail 
customers and the Bank’s deposits from customers in its mass segment constituted 16% of its total 
deposits from its retail customers.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s blue class customers were served by qualified relationship 
managers and a wide distribution network.  In addition to the standard individual banking products 
offered to all individual customers, the Bank’s relationship managers for blue class customers have 
expertise in investment and mortgage products.  Blue class customers also benefit from the Bank’s asset 
management and brokerage services.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s loans and receivables in its 
blue class sub-segment constituted 1% of its total loans and receivables to its retail customers.
Mortgages
Mortgage loans are an important part of the retail banking business in the Turkish banking 
sector. As of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 mortgage loans amounted 
to 7.4%, 7.3% and 7.6%, respectively, of aggregate loans in the Turkish banking sector, according to 
BRSA weekly data.

--- Page 221 ---
207
The Group’s mortgage loan portfolio increased to TL 11,213,004 thousand as of 31 December 
2020, compared to TL 10,513,952 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 12,468,234 thousand as 
of 31 December 2018. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s mortgage loans represented 4.0% of the Group’s total 
loans, compared to 4.6% and 5.7% as of 31 December 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The Bank’s mortgage loan strategy is based on providing service to customers through the 
Bank’s mortgage experts, developing dedicated branch and non-branch delivery channels and offering 
innovative mortgage products.  The Bank’s mortgage experts provide customers with mortgage 
products and provide consultancy for all aspects of mortgages including financial, legal, technical and 
tax related issues at branches. 
The Bank has established a dedicated team within the mortgage department to work with real 
estate developers and improve the flow of new individual mortgage applications to the Bank.  This 
programme has helped the Bank to strengthen its mortgage services through its relationships with real 
estate developers for 131 projects and 2,938 realtors.
Payroll Services
The Bank had 30,787 payroll companies and 2,445,532 payroll customers as of 31 December 
2020 as compared to 31,126 payroll companies and 2,220,167 payroll customers as of 31 December 
2019 and 30,781 payroll companies and 2,104,604 payroll customers as of 31 December 2018. The 
Bank has established limited service branches in the locations where its payroll services customers work 
in order to provide convenient service. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank enjoys a 
strategic strength in this area, which it intends to continue to develop and grow through cross selling of 
its products and services. In order to further increase its market share in this area, the Bank launched a 
salary customer strategy project in 2013, led by consultant firm the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), 
which aims to develop a comprehensive payroll structure and growth strategy for the Bank. Payroll 
services have been an area of the Bank’s focus as part of its strategy to focus on small ticket, retail and 
demand deposits and create cross sale opportunities. 
Auto loans
The Group’s auto loans (including both commercial instalment car loans and consumer car 
loans) comprised 1.4%, 0.5% and 0.6% of the Group’s total gross loans as of 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively.
The Bank has had an exclusive agreement with Ford Otosan since December 2007, which 
allows the Bank the exclusive right to provide FordFinans branded auto loans for Ford automobiles in 
Turkey and allows customers to apply for an auto loan directly from a dealership through an online 
application system.  In 2016, the Bank started to utilise individual and, in 2018, commercial auto loans 
at Ford Otosan dealers through the online system.  The agreement excludes heavy commercial vehicles, 
fleet sales and sales for car rental companies. 
Bancassurance
In 2013, Allianz bancassurance partnership combined the Bank’s customer focused leading 
retail franchise with Allianz’s global experience in developing and managing insurance products.
The Bank considers bancassurance an area with strong growth potential.  As a bank with a 
significant retail market share, the Bank has a large base of potential customers for both insurance and 
pension products.  In 2015, the Bank integrated all its bancassurance products to its core IT system, 
which is expected to boost sales via branches while facilitating digital channel insurance sales 
(including sales via internet banking, mobile banking and call centres).  As a result of the integration, 
time to market duration for new product developments is expected to diminish and the system’s 
flexibility when adapting to new conditions is expected to increase.  As the market initiator, the Bank

--- Page 222 ---
208
offers its customers a life insurance bundle with credit via mobile banking.  Online life insurance sales 
via mobile banking are a pioneer process for the bancassurance business in Turkey.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 35.5% market share in health insurance, 17.1% in life, 
7.1% in P&C and 16.9% in pension among private banks (based on the figures of the affiliated insurance 
and pension company.
Business Banking, Small Enterprises and Medium Enterprises
SMEs (corporate customers with an annual turnover of less than U.S.$3,202,000) are an 
important segment for the Bank. As of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
the Bank had over 2.1 million, 1.9 million and 1.9 million SME clients, respectively.
In 2017, the Bank restructured its segmentation approach to serve the Bank’s SME customer 
base more efficiently.  Customers were segmented based on their size and diverse financial needs.  
Under the new segmentation criteria, the SME segment is divided into three sub-segments: (i) customers 
with an annual turnover of less than U.S.$256,000 are segmented as business banking; (ii) customers 
with an annual turnover between U.S.$256,000 and U.S.$1,024,000 are segmented as Small 
Enterprises; and (iii) customers with an annual turnover of more than U.S.$1,024,000 are segmented as 
Medium Enterprises and served accordingly in the Bank’s branches.
Customer acquisition activities are supported by Direct Sales Force (“DSF”) teams whose sole 
purpose is to acquire new customers and create sales leads.  
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s SME customers were served through a network of 1,851 
dedicated relationship managers in the Bank’s branches and 205 DSFs in the Bank’s SME banking 
centres, and are encouraged to utilise the Bank’s alternative distribution channels such as internet 
banking, Yapı Kredi Mobile, ATMs and operating out of call centres. The Bank also provides SME 
customers a similar range of products to those provided to corporate customers, as well as commercial 
purchasing cards specifically designed for SMEs. 
SMEs globally encounter difficulties to access the financial services they require.  To address 
this issue, the CGF was established as a joint-stock company in accordance with Turkish Commercial 
Code in 1994.  Its shareholders are banks, Small and Medium Industry Development Organisiations 
(“KOSGEB”) and The Union Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey.  The CGF provides 
access to finance for SMEs that are not eligible for bank loans due to insufficient collateral, by acting 
as a joint guarantor.  Although the CGF’s priority is to support SMEs, non-SMEs can also apply for 
CGF guarantees for certain programme.
There are two types of evaluation systems for CGF guaranteed loans:

Portfolio Limit System: The CGF evaluates the credit worthiness of SMEs through its 
own specialists in addition to the Bank’s process.  In this system, in addition to the 
CGF’s evaluation, the Bank may ask the SME for more information; and

Portfolio Guarantee System: In this system, the CGF does not take part in the decision-
making process.  The CGF bases its evaluation on the credit worthiness rating done by 
the Bank and does not conduct any further evaluation.  In this system, the Bank has 
complete autonomy to extend loans with a CGF guarantee.
The scope of the guarantee differs according to the source of the guarantee.  The source of the 
guarantee can be either the CGF’s equity or treasury supported funds.  Until 2017, the CGF had limited 
impact on the Bank’s lending.  In February 2018, a cabinet decree was enacted allowing the CGF to 
provide Turkish Treasury guarantees up to TL 55 billion.  This guarantee covers 80% of each loan 
granted to SMEs, 75% of each loan granted to non-SMEs, and 100% of each loan granted to exporters 
of each loan granted by a bank and is valid as long as the total NPL rate of the portfolio does not exceed 
a cap of 7%.  In May 2018, an updated protocol was signed providing for a new TL 32.5 billion tranche,

--- Page 223 ---
209
with guarantee coverage on loans of between 80% to 100%, subject to the same NPL rate portfolio cap 
of 7%.  Under the updated protocol, the limit on the total value of guarantees that could be provided 
was lowered to TL 52.5 billion.  The Bank continued to use the CGF programme in 2019 as well.  In 
January, March and June 2019, a total of TL 75 billion in loans were granted with an 80% guarantee 
limit by the Turkish treasury with three different programs of CGF. During the year ended 31 December 
2020, the Turkish treasury has provided guarantees of TL 44 billion to support companies’ operating 
costs in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, with two CGF programmes launched in April 2020.  In 
the last quarter of 2020, TL 8 billion of guaranteed support was provided to companies in the tourism 
sector affected by the pandemic.
Furthermore, in mid-February 2017 the BRSA decided that the treasury supported CGF 
guarantees shall be considered a direct guarantee from the Turkish treasury.  Following this decision, 
the risk of the portion of the loans covered by CGF guarantees will be calculated with the same risk 
weight as the Turkish treasury (or 0%), while the risk of the remaining portion of the SME loans with 
CGF guarantees (the portion not covered by the CGF guarantees) is calculated based on the client’s 
segment information. 
The Bank has named agricultural banking as a strategic sector and has developed various 
strategies and action plans during the last eight years. For example, a new agricultural marketing and 
sales team has been established under the SME and agricultural banking group and a new agricultural 
loan evaluation system was announced in January 2012. In addition, agricultural experts have been 
located throughout the Bank’s regions, and the agricultural loan product range has been expanded by 
establishing specific loan types. Verimli Card, which is a special credit card for farmers, was relaunched 
in May 2014. In 2015, the Agricultural Value Chain was introduced as a business model aimed at 
obtaining the cash flow between Food Processor or Agricultural Product Producer Companies and 
Farmers and Traders. As of 30 June 2017, with the Bank’s new segmentation structure, agricultural 
clients have started to be segmented within all SME sub-segments (business-small-medium) according 
to their annual turnovers. In 2018, 2019 and in the year ended 31 December 2020 the Bank utilized 
CGF guaranteed loans to agricultural customers. Yapı Kredi Agricultural Banking has focused on both 
mass customer and big customer acquisition through selling its products from huge product range to the 
Bank’s customers as a main strategy.
In 2018, the Bank took part in three loan programmes in conjunction with supranational 
organisations to provide longer maturity and discounted interest rate funding for its SME customers. 
During this period, the Bank continued to cooperate with the KOSGEB and with the CGF to provide 
government subsidised loans to small businesses. In 2019, a loan program that was has interest support 
of KOSGEB and guarantee of CGF was participated to provide financial support to entrepreneurial 
firms, and financial support for entrepreneurs continues under this program in 2020. In 2019, the Bank 
also took part in a loan programme through the Turkish Residential Energy Efficiency Financing 
Facility, providing financing for vendors of energy-efficient white goods and renewable energy 
equipment vendors. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management
The private banking division serves the Bank’s high net worth and ultra-high net worth 
customers.  The Bank’s wealth management services are carried out by its subsidiaries, Yapi Kredi 
Invest and Yapi Kredi Asset Management, providing asset management and brokerage services to the 
Bank’s clients.
Private Banking
The Bank has a leading position in the private banking market in Turkey both in terms of total 
asset size, which amounted to TL 77 billion as of 31 December 2020 (including equity balance), and 
distribution network, private banking centres, branches, as well as remote services. Customers with high 
personal financial assets are serviced by the Bank’s private banking division. The Bank considers a 
private banking customer to be active if they meet the active customer criteria (i.e., having actual funds

--- Page 224 ---
210
on the account and carrying out any transaction) at least once and are assigned to a portfolio within the 
last 1.5 years. As of 31 Decmeber 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Bank had 
20,035, 19,416 and 18,908 active private banking customers, respectively.
As of 31 December 2020, private banking customers were served by 131 private banking 
relationship managers through 20 private banking centres/branches.  ADCs for the private banking 
segment also include a dedicated call centre team and a separate private banking web page on the Bank 
website.
The total volume of deposits managed by the private banking business amounted to TL 47 
billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 42.0 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 41.1 billion as of 31 
December 2018. In assets under management in the mutual fund business, the Bank had 15.68%, 
12.20% and 16.83% of the Turkish market, as of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018, respectively, according to Rasyonet statistics.
As of 31 December 2020, the private banking division provided a wide range of products and 
services, including 35 different types of mutual funds such as hedge funds, bonds and bill funds, variable 
funds, equity funds, a fund of funds, a precious metals fund, a participation fund, a mixed fund and a 
money market fund.  The Bank launched a new FX hedge fund which customers can invest in USD for 
a certain maturity to gain fixed return.  The Bank uses customer relationship management (“CRM”) 
modelling tools in order to define eligible customers for different types of products such as securities, 
derivative products (forwards, futures and options), foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, 
insurance products, safe deposit boxes and e-banking services.  The Bank also has affiliates and 
subsidiaries, which provide investment, advisory and portfolio management services, supported by the 
Bank’s relationship with UniCredit S.p.A. and its subsidiaries.  The Bank also offers various advisory 
services through different and specialised business partners such as Tax Advisory, Art Advisory, 
Inheritance Advisory, Real Estate Advisory, Philanthropy Advisory, and Educational Advisory.  Private 
banking customers are also entitled to a number of services such as ATM cash withdrawals up to five 
times the normal daily withdrawal limit, invitations to events and concerts, a dedicated call centre line, 
customised internet and mobile tablet banking services, 24 hour emergency ambulance service and have 
access to seminars on pertinent issues relevant to their financial interests, including investments, 
financial markets and taxation and are kept informed on the economy and capital markets through daily 
emails. 
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım)
Yapı Kredi Invest provides institutional and individual investors with investment and advisory 
solutions, with strategies spanning asset classes, industries, and geographies.  Yapı Kredi Invest’s 
investment product range includes fixed income, public equities, commodities, derivatives and 
leveraged foreign currency trading operations.  Additionally, it provides corporate finance advisory 
services with a dedicated team.
Yapı Kredi Invest has established one of the widest branch networks in Turkey, with a presence 
in nine cities in Turkey.  It has three sales desks in İstanbul and eight branches in the cities of Adana, 
Ankara, Antalya, Balikesir, Bursa, Denizli, Izmir, Kayseri, and Samsun. 
As of 31 December 2020, Yapı Kredi Invest was the top domestic brokerage house in Turkey, 
with a 13.75% market share in the equity market and, as of 31 December 2020, Yapı Kredi Invest had 
a 17.77% market share in the derivatives market, each according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications.
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy)
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, 
private pension funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio 
advisory and private fund establishment services.  Yapi Kredi Asset Management provides services 
throughout the country through its head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network.  It had 51 
employees as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 225 ---
211
As of 31 December 2020 Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 22 mutual funds, 13 hedge 
funds and had total assets of approximately TL 21 billion. Its total market share for mutual and hedge 
funds stood at 15.72% as of 31 December 2020.
Yapi Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 26 private pension funds.  
It had approximately 13.30% market share of the pension fund market in Turkey, with assets under 
management of approximately TL 23 billion as of 31 December 2020.
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 469 
customers as of 31 December 2020, of which 9 were institutional and 460 were high income individual 
investors. Yapı Kredi Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio 
management services, excluding DPM funds, were approximately TL 456 billion as of 31 December 
2020.
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary 
portfolios, amounted to TL 44 billion as of 31 December 2020.
Corporate and Commercial Banking
The Corporate and Commercial Banking department is organised into two segments: (i) 
corporate banking for large scale and international & multinational companies and (ii) commercial 
banking for medium sized companies. The primary business lines are working capital, financing, 
foreign trade finance, project finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit 
line facilities such as letters of credit and guarantees, cash management and e-banking services. 
Net operating income (gross operating profit) for the corporate and commercial banking 
segment was TL 7,497,551 as at 31 December 2020. Although the new Central Bank regulations 
relating to commissions from commercial clients have applied since April 2020, non-interest income in 
this department was TL 2,005,162 for the year ended 31 December 2020. The volume of cash loans 
increased by 29% between the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, mainly driven 
by a 35% increase in TL-denominated cash loan volume. Furthermore, the volume of TL-denominated 
demand deposits rose by 30%, reaching TL 5,762,437 for the year ended 31 December 2020 due to a 
focus on cashflow-related activities and products.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank served its corporate clients via 4 branches and 32 
relationship managers, and it served its commercial clients via 45 branches and 339 relationship 
managers.  Corporate and commercial customers are segmented mainly by the value of their annual 
turnover.  Commercial customers are companies with an annual turnover of between TL 25 million to 
TL 500 million, while corporate customers are companies with an annual turnover of more than TL 500 
million.  Companies with turnover of less than TL 25 million are considered to be part of the Bank’s 
SME segment.
Segmentation criteria are designed to better address the needs of the Bank’s corporate clients 
by providing tailor-made services and products based on the company’s turnover, size, standing in the 
banking system and behaviour.
As of 31 December 2020, corporate and commercial banking comprised 63% of the Bank’s 
cash loan portfolio, while deposits from corporate and commercial banking comprised 32% of the 
Bank’s total deposits.
The Bank provides additional services to its corporate customers, including working capital 
financing, foreign trade finance, project finance, a variety of domestic and international non-cash credit 
line facilities such as letters of credit and guarantees, cash management, investment banking and 
brokerage, factoring, leasing and insurance services.  In addition, in non-cash loans, the Bank provides 
both domestic and foreign currency facilities to its customers, principally comprising guarantees in 
relation to imports and letters of credit in respect of trade financing activities.

--- Page 226 ---
212
The primary business lines in the commercial banking segment are working capital, financing, 
foreign trade finance, project finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit 
line facilities, cash management and e-banking services to mid-size and large corporates.
Net operating income for the corporate and commercial banking segment amounted to TL 
2,491,521 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared with TL 3,997,078 for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 and TL 6,318,472 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. These 
increases were the result of:

a focus on high margin foreign currency project finance loans driven by selective loan 
growth and a disciplined pricing approach in corporate banking; and

a focused approach on mid commercial sub-segment driven by upward loan re-pricing 
initiatives in commercial banking.
Project Finance
The Bank has been active in the provision of project finance loans and syndicated loans in 
Turkey since 1999.  As of 31 December 2020, its project finance team comprised 19 staff members 
specialising in infrastructure energy (mainly renewable), commercial real estate and acquisition 
projects.
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank had underwritten TL 1,003 million 
(U.S.$136.8 million) of project finance loans, compared to approximately TL 1,030.8 million 
(U.S.$173.5 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019 and approximately TL 5,881 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2018. The maturity of project finance loans typically ranges from five to 15 
to 18 years, with a maximum grace period of four years. 
Global Transaction Banking
The product range of the global transaction banking department covers traditional products in 
addition to structured products, which are customised for client needs.  
The cash management and trade finance teams have product development and sales 
departments which serve the Turkish Lira and foreign currency cash flow needs of the Bank’s clients.  
As of 31 December 2020, the sales team’s 31 staff were divided among the head office, 11 commercial 
regions, 22 retail regions, three corporate branches and one international branch in order to provide 
support and keep close contact with both clients and branches.  The sales team also focuses its coverage 
on the digitalisation of the clients, the network and the complete product range. 
The Bank has become the leader in cheque clearing (according to the Central Takasbank 
statistics as of 31 December 2020), with a market share of approximately 13.3% and maintained its 
strong industry position with 14.1 % in import flows and 16.5 % in export flows (according to the 
Turkish Statistical Institute as of 31 December 2020). In the year ended 31 December 2020, the number 
of clients utilizing the Bank’s cash management and trade finance products more than 250,000.
Cash Management
The Bank has further strengthened its market leading e-banking position, with particular high 
turnover performance in direct debit and the BANKOTM OHES bulk payment system, while 
maintaining its leading position in traditional collection systems such as domestic cheque clearing in 
the Central Bank.  The Bank’s cash management services include a broad variety of products, including 
all countywide collection and payment services, cash transfer services, electronic banking and 
operational services.  In addition, the Bank offers a variety of data integration and reconciliation 
solutions related to its products.  In the year ended 31 December 2020, the number of Bank’s bulk 
payment transactions increased by 33% to 16.5 million as compared to the same period of 2019.

--- Page 227 ---
213
Trade Finance
The Bank provides a variety of support services and payment management mechanisms to 
Turkish companies engaging in international trade transactions.  These include advance payments, 
letters of credit (sight, deferred and acceptance), cash against documents, cash against goods, standby 
letters of credit, export financing (pre- and post-shipment), import financing (promissory note discount), 
forfaiting and export credit insurance and transferable letters of credit.  In addition to traditional import 
and export products, the Bank offers its customers innovative and alternative foreign trade products and 
structured solutions.
The Bank has created a special team that is responsible for expanding its structured trade 
finance business through export credit agencies and export-import banks of other countries, as well as 
originating short-term and long-term financing through correspondent banks for the investment needs 
of the clients.
International Banking
The Bank was one of the first Turkish banks to establish correspondent banking relationships 
and to undertake foreign business.  The relationship management function for foreign financial 
institutions for the Bank is conducted by the financial institutions team.  The financial institutions team 
also carries out functions including the following:

provides presentations and insight on developments on the Bank and the Turkish 
economic and political environment to correspondent banks;

discusses new products with correspondent banks and implements them within the 
Bank, in collaboration with the Trade Finance department, in order to gain access to 
new markets and improve service quality;

engages in the international marketing of the Bank and its products;

analyses the financial situation of banks and applies for credit lines on their behalf; and

arranges long-term structured borrowings in accordance with the Bank’s projected 
borrowing needs.
Treasury
The Bank’s treasury department consists of five major groups: Fixed Income Securities; Money 
Markets and Balance Sheet Management; Foreign Exchange and Derivatives; ALM Planning and 
Financial Monitoring; and Treasury Marketing.  It manages the Bank’s ongoing liquidity needs, interest 
rate risks, foreign exchange rates and controls its proprietary investment portfolio.
Fixed Income Securities
The Fixed Income group is primarily in charge of managing the Bank’s local and foreign 
currency fixed income portfolios.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank was one of the 1211 primary 
dealers accepted by the Ministry of Treasury and Finance in Turkey.  The Fixed Income group also 
manages local and foreign currency deposits.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s securities portfolio 
amounted to 16.2% of its total assets. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had a 11.02% market share in securities trading on the 
Borsa Istanbul, compared with 18.34% as of 31 December 2019 and 14.89% as of 31  December 2018, 
according to the Borsa Istanbul.

--- Page 228 ---
214
Money Market and Balance Sheet Management and Foreign Exchange and Derivatives
This group is primarily involved in asset and liability management activities, inter-bank money 
market transactions and foreign exchange trading, including derivatives. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, the Bank’s trading volume was U.S.$514 billion, compared to U.S.$920 billion for the 
year ended 31  December 2019 and U.S.$780  billion for the year ended 31  December 2018. The Bank’s 
inter-bank foreign exchange trade volume was approximately U.S.$175 billion for the year ended 31 
December 2020, U.S.$230 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019 and U.S.$316.5 billion for the 
year ended 31  December 2018. Foreign exchange volume for client transactions denominated against 
the Turkish Lira was U.S.$51 billion in the year ended 31 December 2020, U.S.$52 billion in the year 
ended 31  December 2019 and U.S.$72.8 billion in the year ended 31 December 2018. As of 31 
December 2020, the Bank also held 10.25%, 8.32% and 3.31% market shares (customer transactions 
against the Turkish Lira) in the domestic spot trading, forward and swap markets, respectively.
This group is also responsible for stabilising the interest income on the balance sheet and 
creating necessary funding for targeted asset growth purposes.
ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring
The ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring group is primarily responsible for monitoring the 
treasury department’s performance and activities.  This group also assists other groups within the 
treasury department with introducing new products.
Treasury Marketing
The Treasury Marketing group is the contact point for large scale corporate, commercial and 
private customers. The group advises and assists customers with managing risk exposures and hedging 
opportunities. The group completed transactions worth approximately U.S.$55 billion for customers in 
the year ended 31 December 2020, U.S.$68 billion for customers in the year ended 31 December 2019 
and U.S.$104 billion for customers in the year ended 31 December 2018.
Distribution Network
The Bank offers its banking products and services through an extensive distribution network, 
which includes branches as well as advanced ADCs such as ATMs, call centres, internet banking and 
mobile banking.
Branches
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had 835 branches covering all regions of Turkey (including 
one branch in Bahrain). While the Bank’s branch network covers all regions in Turkey, most of the 
branches are in the largest cities, with 69% of the Bank’s branches being located in the ten largest cities 
(including Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and Adana) as of 31 December 2020. 
According to BRSA statistics, the Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Turkey as of 31 
December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 in terms of branches was 9.6%, 9.5% and 
9.3% respectively, compared to 8.4%, 8.3% and 8.2% across Turkey as of 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively. The Bank has a number of different types of 
branches, including standard, satellite and mobile, which provide customers with a wide range of 
services. As of 31 December 2020, 760 of the Bank’s branches were retail related, demonstrating the 
retail market orientation of the Bank. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s corporate commercial branch 
network consisted of 49 branches and the Bank’s private banking network comprised 20 private banking 
centres.
Alternative Channels
The Bank uses three main ADCs: ATMs, Digital Banking and a 24 hour call centre, all of which 
rely upon the Bank’s information technology platform. These channels allow customers to access

--- Page 229 ---
215
services 24 hours a day and seven days a week. The cost of processing transactions through ADCs is 
lower than processing them through branches. Therefore, the Bank encourages its customers to utilise 
ADCs by offering promotions and reduced fees in return for customers using these channels instead of 
the branches. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank handled 96.8% of all its transactions through non-
branch channels and the remaining 3.2% through branches. Of the 86.3% handled through ADCs, 27.6% 
were via ATMs, 58.6% via Digital Banking (composing internet and mobile banking), 0.1% via its three 
call centres and the remaining 10.5% via other channels including post office and centralised automated 
transaction channels.
ATMs
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank had the fifth largest ATM network in Turkey, with 4,535 
ATMs and nearly 6 million ATM users. As of the same date, 93% of the cash transactions of the Bank 
was performed at the ATMs. The Bank continues to grow its ATM network throughout Turkey. 
All of the Bank’s ATMs are full function ATMs with cash deposit and cash withdrawal 
functionality.  At the beginning of the 2005, ‘Recycle ATMs’ (where the banknotes deposited can also 
be used for withdrawal) were deployed in order to reduce the bank’s operational cost and to optimise 
the efficiency of its ATM network.  As of 31 December 2020, 89% of the Bank’s ATMs were Recycle 
ATMs.
The Bank has positioned its ATMs channel to complement its digital channel.  As of 31 
December 2020, approximately 83% of ATM customers are also active digital customers. To improve 
digital convergence, in addition to cash withdrawal, cash deposit, cash advance and cash advance with 
instalment via QR Code for individual customers, the Bank also implemented cash withdrawal and cash 
deposit via QR Code transactions for corporate customers. The Bank continues to be a pioneer in this 
sector.  Thus, digital banking customers who prefer ATMs for cash transactions can easily withdraw or 
deposit in TL, USD or EUR currencies via QR Code and use cash advance and cash advance with 
instalment without using a card and without touching the ATM.  The Bank will continue to increase the 
number of transactions performed via QR Codes.  As of 31 December 2020, one out of every four cash 
withdrawal transactions were made via QR code.
In addition to being the most frequently visited high volume transaction processing channel, 
the Bank continued its focus on sales offers at ATMs. For instance, general purpose loans and flexible 
accounts have been offered from the Bank’s ATMs in order to meet customers’ cash needs instantly. In 
the year ended 31 December 2020 over 2.9 million products were sold from the Bank’s ATMs. As of 
31 December 2020, two out of every three of the Bank’s cash advance sales were made via ATMs.
Digital Banking
As of 31 December 2020, digital banking had 7.1 million individual customers and about 
340,000 corporate and commercial customers. On the mobile banking side, the Bank had 7 million 
active mobile banking customers including 6.8 million “Individual Mobile Banking” customers and 
259,000 thousand “Corporate Mobile Banking” customers. The Bank’s number of active digital banking 
customers has increased 16% from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020. The number of mobile 
banking active customers has increased 20% from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020. The share 
of non-cash transactions executed through digital banking as a percentage of all non-cash transactions 
had increased to 98% as of 31 December 2020. The Bank has experienced increasing numbers of 
transactions and transaction volumes in recent years, mainly due to higher internet penetration rates 
globally and in Turkey, and significant marketing of the Bank’s internet banking services.
As of 31 December 2020, 71% of general purposes loans (“GPL”) sales were made via digital 
banking channels (4% through the internet and 67% through mobile applications). Additionally, 17% 
of total GPL sales were made through call centres. Digital banking services are currently provided 
through internet banking and mobile banking applications. The Bank’s Yapı Kredi Mobile application 
is available to all customers and its World Mobile application is available for card customers. Mobile

--- Page 230 ---
216
banking applications can be installed on mobile devices on all native platforms through mobile 
application 
markets 
or 
by 
visiting 
yukle.yapikredi.com 
for 
Yapı 
Kredi 
Mobile 
and 
yapikredi.com.tr/worldmobil for World Mobile.
In 2020, The Bank redesigned its Yapı Kredi Mobile application interface with updated design 
principles to be more convenient. The Bank’s mobile banking applications have been downloaded 27.7 
million times in total as of 31 December 2020.
The Bank launched its eye scan technology (Eyeprint-ID), as a first in Europe in 2016.  This 
function allows users to log in via their smartphones in a faster, easier and more secure manner, without 
having to enter their password.  
The Bank has launched various digital payment solutions. Users can have a seamless and 
contactless payment experience without a physical card thanks to World Pay. The Bank provides 
customers several payment methods to serve different customer needs which are Host Card Emulation 
based NFC payment, payment via QR Code, in-car payment and online shopping loan integration with 
e-commerce companies.
The Bank has launched “Mobile Approval”, by which wet-ink signatures will not be needed to 
apply for services. The motivation of the Bank behind launching this innovation was to reduce paper 
waste and to introduce Yapi Kredi Mobile to non-digital customers. Mobile Approval uses Yapi Kredi 
Mobile to process signatures. Thanks to Mobile Approval, customers are able to be approved from the 
comfort of their own mobile device.
Also, in line with the Bank’s focus on designing end-to-end digital processes for customers, the 
Bank has designed an end-to-end digital experience for card customers. Starting with the card 
application, customers can follow every step of the journey digitally until they receive their card in the 
Yapi Kredi Mobile application. Having applied for a card, the customer can view the application status. 
Once the application is approved, the customer can follow the delivery process. After the card is 
received, the customer can set a password for the card. This feature enables customers to be in control 
and experience the journey all the way through.
The Bank’s customers can now see if a branch is busy or not on the Bank’s branch density map 
and book a prioritised appointment before visiting the branch.  Furthermore, the “Don’t Panic Button” 
helps customers manage their cards anytime, anywhere via Yapı Kredi Mobile.  With this feature, users 
can lock their card(s) temporarily for 24 hours and cancel their cards instantly.  When customers lock 
their cards, they can still withdraw money via QR code or pay credit card bills. 
Additionally, the Bank launched a “Jet Transactions” menu to make transactions quicker and 
easier for users.  Three main transactions of an ordinary user are moved to a semi-secure area to create 
a more seamless experience.  These transactions are cash transfer, cash withdrawal/deposit with QR 
code and World Pay.
The Bank has launched KOLAS system with other BKM (Inter-bank Card Center) member banks. With 
this system, customers can utilize their frequently used personal information like phone number or e-
mail address to receive or send money, instead of IBAN.
Furthermore, the Bank facilitates user identification with the help of NFC technology.  Now, 
the Bank’s customers can contactlessly login to Yapı Kredi Mobile by approaching their credit card to 
the NFC reader field on the back of their phone and entering their card password. 
Aiming to be accessible to customers at any time or anywhere; the Bank has become the first 
in Turkey to provide service via a verified corporate WhatsApp account.  This feature enables customers 
to instantly text their requests via their mobile devices and get prompt information about services and 
products they need.  Depending on their needs, customers may be served by artificial intelligence-
powered chat bot or live customer representatives. The Bank’s chatbot service is also available on its 
corporate website and in Facebook messenger.

--- Page 231 ---
217
With the “One Pin” integration, the Bank enables its customers to use their internet/mobile 
banking password on telephone banking as well. For the verification of their login of Internet Banking, 
as well as transactions made in digital channels, customers can use Smart Notification. With Smart 
Notification, the customers can use push notifications for verification, instead of one-time-passwords 
sent via SMS.
The Bank launched the first smart keyboard for money transfer in Turkey, and one of the first 
ones in the world. Yapı Kredi Banking Keyboard enables customers to switch from the standard 
keyboard in messaging applications to a smart keyboard for money transfers. It works on any instant 
messaging applications including but not limited to: Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Snapchat, 
Instagram, SMS. The Bank’s customers can also send money by voice or texting, via Siri and iMessage.
The Bank developed an Apple Watch app before the watch was released and became the first 
company to provide such an app to its customers in Turkey.  Moreover, the Bank released a smart TV 
application which provides an uninterrupted TV experience and market information tracking at the same 
time.  The Yapı Kredi Smart TV Finance application can be downloaded on Arcelik, Beko, Grundig 
TV’s Appstore.  Furthermore, the Bank launched Ford SYNC3 integration on Yapı Kredi Mobile.  With 
Yapı Kredi Mobile SYNC3 developments, customers can receive market information, call Yapı Kredi 
Call Centre, see a list of the nearest Yapı Kredi branches/ATMs and receive navigation from their 
vehicle’s dashboard.  They can also access Exchange Rates and BIST Information by voice.
Moreover, the Bank focused on increasing the direct sales capability of digital channels as a 
way to ensure sustainable growth.  The Bank offers branchless GPL product which provides customers 
with a convenient way to meet their financial needs as well as boosts bank revenues.  Customers can 
apply for a loan on the internet and mobile banking and the approved credit amount is sent directly to 
customer’s account, even on weekends.  It also provides access to more products such as flexible 
account, credit card application and life insurance sales on internet banking.  The Bank has also e-
Government Gateway integration which enables customers to make over 1,200 transactions related to 
public institutions with their internet banking password without needing any other credentials.
The Bank utilises BehaviorPad, a behavioural targeting tool designed for proposing the most 
relevant offers to customers on yapikredi.com.tr.  Furthermore, thanks to the Web Payment Center (a 
first in the banking sector), users can make bill payments even if they are not the Bank’s customers and 
can also pay MVT (motor vehicle tax) on yapikredi.com.tr.  The Bank also provides an Application 
Centre, which involves credit card, GPL, mortgage, SME loan, education loan and private pension 
functions.
The Bank has recently started to provide “Auto Enrolment In Private Pension System” and 
offers this product both via corporate internet banking and yapikredi.com.tr.
The Bank also provides an alarm and reminder service (Smart Assistant) that notifies customers 
instantly via SMS, e-mail or push notification.
Furthermore, the World Mobil app aims to digitalise card customers’ end-to-end shopping 
experience.  World Mobil offers special discounts, loyalty points, instalments and postponement 
benefits to its wide network of more than 300,000 stores.  In order to provide this experience, World 
Mobil presents its customers after shopping functions of reviewing earned benefits, several digital 
payment solutions such as QR and NFC payments and card management and control functions.
Customer Relations Centre
The Bank’s Customer Relations Center has positioned itself to set the standards in this sector 
in Turkey. The Bank’s award-winning call centre is one of the largest financial call centres in Turkey 
in terms of agents and number of calls received. The call centre deals with a wide range of the Bank’s 
services including credit cards, merchants, retail, SME, corporate, commercial and private banking, 
serving both individual and corporate customers. As of 31 December 2020, the call centre had 1,250 
employees. In addition to being one of the most important service channels, the Bank’s contact centre

--- Page 232 ---
218
has a significant role as a sales hub. In the year ended 31 December 2020, the contact centre carried out 
approximately 81 million contacts, 73% credit card retention, 14% customer winback and 8.3 million 
product sales. Approximately 65% of the call centre activities are carried out via an interactive voice 
recognition system which allows self-service usage.
Corporate Structure
The following chart presents the corporate structure of the Group and its shareholders as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus.
Subsidiaries
Below is a description of the Bank’s primary operating subsidiaries.
Domestic Subsidiaries 
Yapı Kredi Leasing
Yapı Kredi Leasing was established in 1987 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is 
99.99% owned by the Bank. Yapı Kredi Leasing has been listed on the Borsa Istanbul since 1994. 
However, in accordance with Article 25 of the ISE Listing Regulation and the CMB’s Principle 
Decision on De-Listing, dated 30 July 2010 and numbered 22/675, Yapı Kredi Leasing was delisted 
following the second session of 20 July 2012. As of 31 December 2020, Yapı Kredi Leasing had 
shareholders’ equity of TL 2,905,793 billion. As of 31 December 2020, Yapı Kredi Leasing had 132 
employees. The key role of Yapı Kredi Leasing is to develop and provide customers with leasing 
products through the Bank’s wide branch network as well as 14 Yapı Kredi Leasing branches.
Yapı Kredi Faktoring
Yapı Kredi Faktoring was established in 1999 and is 99.95% owned by the Bank as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus.  Yapı Kredi Faktoring provides factoring services in Turkey via: its head office 
in Istanbul, branches in Beyoğlu, Güneşli, Kartal, Kadıköy, Izmir, Ankara, Bursa, Antalya and Adana.  
The company had 126 employees as of 31 December 2020.  Yapı Kredi Faktoring offers its customers 
monitoring and collection of short-term domestic or international receivables from product or service 
sales, guarantees for receivables against payment defaults and flexible financing through early payment 
before the due date of the receivables.  Yapı Kredi Faktoring is a member of Factors Chain International.
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım)
Yapı Kredi Invest was founded in 1989, and as a leading brokerage house in Turkey, Yapı 
Kredi Invest provides its services to clients inside and outside Turkey. With three sales departments in 
its HQ in Istanbul, eight investment branches outside Istanbul (Ankara, Adana, Antalya, Bursa, Denizli, 
İzmir, Kayseri, Samsun), digital channels, as well as the extensive branch network of Yapı Kredi. Yapı 
Kredi Invest provides capital market products, brokerage, corporate finance, derivatives, leveraged 
foreign currency trading operations and investment advisory services.

--- Page 233 ---
219
Yapı Kredi Invest ranked first among brokerage houses, with a 13.75% market share of the 
equity market as of 31 December 2020, according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications. As of 31 
December 2020, Yapı Kredi Invest generated a 17.77% market share in the derivatives market among 
brokerage houses, compared to a 15.32% market share as of 31 December 2019 and a 15.79% market 
share as of 31 December 2018, according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications.
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy)
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, 
private pension funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio 
advisory and private fund establishment services. Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides services 
throughout the country through its head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network. It had 51 
employees as of 31 December 2020.
As of 31 December 2020 Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 22 mutual funds, 13 hedge 
funds and had total assets of approximately TL 21 billion. Its total market share for mutual and hedge 
funds stood at 15.72% as of 31 December 2020.
Yapı Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 26 private pension funds. 
It had approximately 13.30% market share of the pension fund market in Turkey, with assets under 
management of approximately TL 23 billion as of 31 December 2020.
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 469 
customers as of 31 December 2020, of which 460 were institutional and 9 were high income individual 
investors. Yapı Kredi Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio 
management services, excluding DPM funds, were approximately TL 456 million as of 31 December 
2020.
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary 
portfolios, amounted to TL 44 billion as of 31 December 2020.
Yapı Kredi Teknoloji
Yapı Kredi Technology was founded in 2015 as a wholly-owned technology subsidiary of Yapı 
Kredi to offer innovative, creative and high value-added products and solutions in the finance sector. 
The company is located in İstanbul Technical University ARI Technopark. The company’s research 
and development activities mainly concentrate on two areas:

Artificial intelligence (machine learning, natural language processing, data mining); 
and

Mobile software development (on iOS and Android platforms).
International Subsidiaries
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, is active in the 
Netherlands and subject to the supervision of De Nederlandsche Bank (the “Dutch Central Bank”) as 
well as the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. The bank was established in May 1996 
and changed its name from Koçbank Nederland N.V. to Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. upon 
acquiring the latter in 2007. The bank operates through its head office in Amsterdam and offers a wide 
range of retail, corporate and private banking services. Its main objective is to provide banking solutions 
to domestic customers and also to the Bank’s customers from abroad. The focus of its corporate services 
varies and covers a wide range such as transactional trade finance, ship finance, Islamic finance and 
project finance. In terms of retail banking, Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. provides saving and deposit

--- Page 234 ---
220
products in the Dutch retail market to 10,805 customers as of 31 December 2020. As of 31 December 
2020, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. were U.S.$2.047 billion.
Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan
Koçbank Azerbaijan was established as a joint venture between Koçbank (80%) and the IFC 
(20%) in 2000. In 2006, KFS became the sole owner acquiring IFC’s share. Since early 2007, following 
the merger of Yapı Kredi and Koçbank, the Bank has continued functioning under the “Yapı Kredi 
Bank Azerbaijan” brand. Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan provides retail and corporate banking services to 
its customers, including loans, deposits, project finance, domestic and international money transfers, 
trade finance, equity market and securities transactions, credit card transactions, safe deposit box and 
travel cheques. As of 31 December 2020, Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan operated through 7 branches, 
one central customer office, plus one satellite branch, it had 247 employees and 5,394 corporate 
customers, 11,537 SME customers and 320,017 retail customers, 29 ATMs and 2004 POS terminals. In 
September 2012, Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan also launched credit card sales alongside its retail 
operations. As of 31 December 2020, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan were U.S.$215 
million.
Yapı Kredi Malta
In October 2014, the Bank received from Malta Financial Services Authority a banking licence 
to establish a new banking subsidiary in the Republic of Malta under the name of “Yapı Kredi Bank 
Malta Ltd.” following the necessary permission by the BRSA.  Yapı Kredi Bank Malta Ltd. is controlled 
by Yapı Kredi Holding BV whose share capital is fully owned by the Bank. 
Yapı Kredi Malta started its operations in 2015 with a share capital of EUR 60 million.  In order 
to fulfil this capital requirement, the share capital of Yapı Kredi Holding BV was increased by the Bank 
to EUR 102 million from EUR 59 million.  As of 31 December 2020, the total assets of Yapı Kredi 
Malta were U.S.$94 million (EUR 77 million).
Associates
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A.
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A. (“BCP”) is a Swiss bank established in 1963 and 
is 30.67% owned by the Bank.  BCP has been an affiliate of the Bank since 1996.  BCP operates in the 
areas of trade finance, wealth management, treasury services, and correspondent banking.  Fitch has 
affirmed BCP’s Long-Term Issuer Default Rating at ‘BBB-’ with a Negative Outlook and the bank’s 
Viability Rating at ‘BBB-’.  Headquartered in Geneva, the bank also operates through its branches in 
Luxembourg and Dubai.
Yapı Kredi Insurance (Yapı Kredi Sigorta) and Yapı Kredi Pension (Yapı Kredi Emeklilik)
On 26 March 2013, the Group agreed to sell its non-life and life insurance businesses to Allianz 
and to establish a 15-year strategic distribution partnership for non-life insurance, life insurance and 
pension products in Turkey.  Following regulatory approvals, the transaction was finalised on 12 July 
2013.
As the first component of this transaction, the Group sold its 93.94% stake in Yapı Kredi 
Insurance, including Yapı Kredi Pension, to Allianz for total cash consideration of TL 1,790 million (of 
which TL 1,410 million will accrue to the Bank).  As the second component of the transaction, the 
Group then bought back and retained a total 19.93% stake in Yapı Kredi Pension for a cash 
consideration of TL 188 million in order to benefit from the expected strong growth in the life insurance 
and pension business in Turkey.
As the third component of the transaction, the Group also entered into the 15-year 
bancassurance agreement with Allianz for the marketing and distribution of non-life insurance, life

--- Page 235 ---
221
insurance and pension products through the Group’s retail network and other alternative delivery 
channels.  The partnership combines the Group’s customer-focused leading retail franchise in Turkey 
with Allianz’s global experience and leadership in developing and managing insurance products.  
Throughout the duration of the bancassurance agreement, the Bank is to receive a commission flow for 
the distribution services as well as a profit share from its life insurance sales.
Joint Venture
Yapı Kredi Koray Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortakliği A.Ş.
Yapı Kredi Koray Gayrimenkul Yatirim Ortakliği A.Ş. is a real estate investment trust 
established in 1996.  The trust is 30.45% owned by the Bank, 25% owned by the Koray Group and 
44.55% publicly quoted.  The trust is headquartered in Istanbul.
Competition
In recent years, the banking sector has become increasingly important to the Turkish economy 
and foreign banks have become increasingly involved in the sector.
According to the Turkish Banking Association, as of 31 December 2020, there were a total of 
48 banks licensed to operate in Turkey (excluding six participation banks). According to BRSA, as of 
31 December 2020, the five largest banks in Turkey held approximately 61% of the banking sector’s 
aggregate loan portfolio and approximately 60% of aggregate banking sector assets in Turkey. Among 
the 10 largest banks, there are three state owned banks: Ziraat (ranked first), Vakıfbank (ranked second) 
and Halkbank (ranked third), which constituted approximately 41% of the total banking sector assets as 
of 31 December 2020. Foreign banks have shown a continued interest in the banking sector in Turkey 
in recent years. Foreign banks such as BNP Paribas, Burgan Bank, Emirates NBD, ING, Qatar National 
Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar, UniCredit S.p.A., Commercial Bank of China and Odeabank all have 
interests in Turkish banks.
As of 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(%)
Loans
..........................................................................................
8.1
8.7
9.2%
Deposits
..........................................................................................
7.7
9.0
10.0%
Assets
..........................................................................................
8.1
9.2
9.5%
____________
Source: Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Agency (BRSA)
As of 31 December 2020, according to BRSA statistics, the Bank was the third largest private 
bank in Turkey by total assets. According to BRSA statistics, as of 31 December 2020, the Bank ranked 
sixth in terms of cash and non-cash loans (including letters of guarantee, letters of credit and 
acceptances) with a 8.6% market share, and had a market share of 7.8% in consumer loans (ranking 
sixth) including mortgages, general purpose and auto loans, 3.6% in commercial instalment loans 
(ranking seventh) and 7.4% in company loans (ranking sixth). As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s 
market share in total deposits among private banks was 14.2% (compared to 15.2% as of 31 December 
2019 and 16.1% as of 31 December 2018) according to BRSA statistics.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s market share in total cash loans among private banks was 
16.1% (compared with a market share of 16.6% as of 31 December 2019 and 16.6% as of 31 December 
2018) according to BRSA statistics. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank ranked sixth, with a revenue

--- Page 236 ---
222
market share of 9.3% for the year ended 31 December 2020 according to BRSA statistics. The Bank’s 
management views Garanti Bank, Akbank and İşbank as the Bank’s main competitors.
As of 31 December 2020, the Bank was a Turkish market leader in credit cards (16.8% market 
share in credit card outstanding volumes (ranking first) according to BRSA statistics, 17.0% market 
share in credit card issuing volumes (ranking second) and 15.8% market share in number of credit cards 
(ranking first), according to the Inter-bank Card Centre data). As of 31 December 2020, the Bank has 
strong positions in asset management (ranked second, with a 15.7% market share according to 
Rasyonet). As of 31 December 2020, the Bank was ranked second among private banks with a 19.4% 
market share in non-cash loans according to the BRSA statistics.
Employees
As of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Group had 16,871, 
17,446 and 18,448 employees, respectively, of whom 16,037, 16,631 and 17,577, respectively, were 
employees of the Bank. The following table sets out the number of employees of the Group and the 
Bank as of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018:11
As of 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Bank
.........................................................................................
16,037
16,631
17,577
Head office and operations
.........................................................................................
7,797
8,157
8,484
Branches
.........................................................................................
8,240
8,474
9,093
Subsidiaries
.........................................................................................
834
835
871
Total Group
.........................................................................................
16,871
17,466
18,448
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has a qualified workforce with appropriate 
educational backgrounds.  All employees are trained in customer-oriented service principles and are 
considered competent in technical banking applications.  Women represented 62% of total employees, 
and the proportion of university graduates was 83% as of 31 December 2020.  As part of the Bank’s 
training strategy, the Bank employs new graduates and prepares them through its institutional culture 
for managerial positions.
Within the Bank, there are unionised employees, for whom a collective bargaining agreement 
(the “CBA”) applies, in addition to Turkish labour laws and the Bank’s personnel regulations, which 
apply to all of the Bank’s employees.  In total, 8,893 of the Bank’s employees were members of the 
Union, amounting to 55% of all employees as of 31 December 2020. 
With respect to Union employees, the Bank’s management and Union officials meet regularly 
to exchange information on working conditions.  The Bank and the Union agree and sign new protocols 
to the CBA every two years and the latest agreement covers the period from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 
2021.  The Bank also provides additional benefits to its employees including a group retirement plan, 
health insurance and welfare fund.
11 On 30 December 2020, the Bank acquired a non-financial institution Subsidiary which had 67 employees as at that date of acquisition 
(which is not considered in the BRSA Financial Statements).

--- Page 237 ---
223
Information Technologies
The Group’s information technology and operations departments are integrated in order to 
provide better service internally and improve the efficiency of core banking activities.
The Group maintains its information technology and operations infrastructure in order to 
support its growing business and minimise operational risk and business interruption.  The Bank 
operates a 2,000 square metre information technology centre in Gebze, Kocaeli (43 kilometres from 
Istanbul), which deals with all of the Bank’s technology functions and initiatives.  The fully operational 
information technology centre provides services to the Bank’s headquarters, branches and customers.  
The Bank has developed much of its software in-house, including its internet banking software, through 
its software development department.
The Group has developed and implemented procedures for emergency systems and data 
restoration and maintains a separate disaster recovery centre in Ankara, which has been in place since 
1998.  The disaster recovery site contains all key applications, such as Core Banking, Internet Banking, 
Workflow Systems, Credit Card Systems, ATMs, electronic fund transfer (“EFT”), SWIFT and 
Treasury.  Data is transferred online as defined in the disaster recovery procedures.  The Group 
maintains a remote online real-time disaster recovery system, which is operated when the main 
production system or main data centre is not available.  The Group can transfer operations and reroute 
data lines through the disaster recovery system within 30 minutes.  The disaster recovery centre is tested 
on a bi-annual basis.  This has enabled the Bank to be in full compliance with Basel II requirements for 
systems and data.
In 2011, the Group decided to increase information technology “IT” capacity to enable better 
service to the business.  The IT project development capacity has been increased by 50% since 2011 
2014.  In 2011, the Bank completed 178 IT projects.  This number increased to 207 in 2012, 213 in 
2013, 245 in 2014, 334 in 2015, 263 in 2016, 281 in 2017, 208 in 2018, 255 in 2019 and 255 in 2020.  
For 2021, a Dynamic Plan has been approved with a total of 358 projects, including 133 new projects 
(of which 48 are programmes) and 225 ongoing projects.
Within the scope of the Bank’s business continuity plan, the Bank began studying its back-up 
infrastructure relating to Treasury applications in September 2020. The Bank aims to ensure its 
infrastructure structure is able to withstand any potential business interruption or failure of its Treasury 
applications. The Bank plans to complete the studies in April 2021 and to implement an updated back-
up infrastructure in December 2021.
Major ongoing programmes cover the following areas:

The New Generation Banking Architecture Transformation Program: The 
program has been initiated due to the need for effective management of infrastructure 
investments, scalability of applications, increasing new technology usage and 
developing modular services in order to increase efficiency. In 2020, the Internet 
Banking, Mobile Banking, ATM and Call Center channels started to provide services 
over cloud-based systems within the scope of the program. It is intended to transfer 
core banking applications to cloud systems by June 2022. In parallel with the transition 
to cloud infrastructure, all banking applications will be redesigned by considering new 
generation technologies and by the end of 2024, applications will be transformed to 
operate in new generation architecture in an integrated and modular environment.

Analytic Enablement Program: Within the scope of the program, the development 
of analytical service model, software and data technologies are intended to be enabled 
in a shorter time with higher quality than the existing ones. The program is focused on 
increasing digital sales volume, saving time and reducing risk cost through fast 
analytical model production. This will be a two year program with intended completion 
in June 2022.

--- Page 238 ---
224

Responsible & Compliant Banking: Within the scope of the program, along with the 
reorganization and implementation of the new product/service development cycle, it is 
intended to establish anomaly detection mechanisms for existing products and to 
manage document controls centrally for all channels. The program started in 2020 and 
is intended to be completed in 2022.

Corporate Digitalization Program: It is intended to diversify the channel usage of 
corporate customers and to facilitate the sales of self-service products. The program 
aimed to facilitate easy digital channel access, increase product sales through digital 
channels and develop a remote service model. The program started in 2020 and is 
intended to be completed in 2023.

Fees and Commissions Program: The program aims to increase service and 
commission income, ensure a more systematic structure for monitoring 
commissions/exemptions, prevent leakages and utilize product/function integrations 
that will create new revenue points. It is planned to be completed by the end of 2021.

Secure ALL: In order to ensure the safety of customers and the Bank, the program 
aims to improve the system infrastructure to prevent external abuse and fraud attempts, 
provide proactive solutions and to carry out the necessary projects. This program will 
be completed at the end of 2021.

Payment Program: The program is focused on enlarging payment transaction options 
and channels to increase cash flow, customer satisfaction and new customer on-
boarding. The program will start in the first quarter of 2021.

Conversion Design: The aim of the program is enabling user experience driven digital 
sales uplift and maximizing effectiveness of digital real time offers. The Program will 
start in the first quarter of 2021.

Bankassurance Program: It is intended to make an impact in the sector with digital 
investments in bancassurance products, to increase the diversity of bancassurance 
products, to set up complete processes with defined control points in terms of 
legislation, to make simple and user-friendly screen changes in branch sales, and as a 
result, to increase commission income and penetration rate. The program started in 
November 2020.

Salary Program: The aim of the program is increasing the number of salary and 
pension customers by using digital channels, developing new models for both new 
company acquisition and renewing the current contracts, generating personalized 
campaigns for customer satisfaction and loyalty. 

Digital Investment Program (Indigo):  The program focuses on customer investment 
needs for being the first and best digital investment bank of Turkey strategy objective. 
The program includes product improvements, customer experience improvements, 
asset tracking and reporting improvements in digital channels. The stock public 
offering function, the asset change report and performance and functionality 
improvements were completed in Mobile Banking in 2020. It is intended to develop 
related functions and reports in Internet Banking in order to make customer experience 
similar in all channels until the end of 2021.

Unsecured & Secured Credit Application Programs: Aim of the programs are 
redeveloping process, methodology and end to end transformation with simplified and 
unified omni channel experiences for retail credit application and disbursement. 
Unsecured Credit Application Program (UCAP) program has been completed in

--- Page 239 ---
225
November 2020. The Secured Credit Application Program will start in January 2021 
and target completion date is 2022.

Collection Optimization Program: It is intended to increase customer awareness and 
access to customers with delayed payments; the self-service model will be enabled 
which will result increasing collection rates. The model aimed to increase search 
efficiency and to take the right action for the right customers. In addition, consultancy 
support will be obtained in 2021 to review the current process and performance 
management system in order to reveal the areas for improvement. 

TOM Wave 4 is the next generation central operations model being designed for the 
Bank.  The programme started in 2019 and aims to complete in 2021.  Key enablers of 
the project are:

building proximity model for branch operations and positioning branch 
operations as controller rather than executer;

developing system supported smart controls driven by analytics and artificial 
intelligence;

boosting migration via middle office acting migration officer and strategic 
business unit involvement with solid targets;

designing leaner, intelligent processes leveraging on digital insights; and

optimising workforce management via outsourcing and choreography design 
for synchronisation of demand and supply.
In addition, the following programmes have been completed which aim to strengthen the 
Bank’s market position in the following key areas:

Next Best Action (“NBA”) Programme was initiated in 2016 and is currently 
ongoing. NBA is a direct marketing paradigm that aims to capture opportunities with 
inbound contacts, increase business intelligence of outbound offers and orchestrate 
CRM in an omni-channel environment. The campaign management tool Chordiant will 
be replaced with Pega, a new generation campaign tool. It was completed in 2020.

The Data Transformation Management Programme was initiated in 2016 with the 
aim of setting up an enhanced data governance model that would support the 
organisation and enable it to extract more benefits from data. The programme covered 
data management and data quality, including designing the governance structure. The 
programme scope also included a data warehouse modernisation initiative. A key 
objective of such data warehouse modernisation initiative was to renew the Bank’s data 
warehouse to effectively organise, store, analyse and extract data. The renewed data 
warehouse is more available and performant, have a simpler and completely integrated 
data model to address changing business needs, have less time and cost to market and 
will be able to deliver more analytics capability due to the renewed modernised 
architecture. The data transformation management programme was completed in 2019.

The Treasury & Investment Strategies Programme aims to enhance the Bank’s 
technical capabilities in treasury systems and investment products, in order to 
strengthen its competitive position in the market. In order to adapt to the rapidly 
evolving market trends, a new business model supported by a flexible technical 
structure is to be implemented with the collaboration of IT and related business units. 
With the exception of a fixed income project, the program started on 28 February 2013 
and completed in 2016. The fixed income project was completed in April 2020.

--- Page 240 ---
226

The ATM Re-platforming Programme was started in 2015 to renew the ATM 
network of the Bank and with the objectives of creating a more flexible and effective 
infrastructure with respect to software, monitoring and package distribution and 
enabling an integrated and singular customer experience with an omni-channel 
approach.  The new ATM system will support multiple vendors, multiple currencies 
and multiple languages, and have enhanced content management and commercial 
capabilities.  The programme was completed in December 2017.

The One Direction Programme was initiated in January 2016 and completed in 
August 2017.  The programme aimed to develop a new system for the call centre which:

improved opportunities for increased sales and retention effectiveness;

decreased average handling time and increased quality significantly in each 
call; and

completed contact history of the customer through all channels (aligning omni-
channel strategy).

The Credit Underwriting Redesign Programme aims to create more flexible, 
automated and user-friendly underwriting and disbursement systems.  The programme 
was started in 2013 and completed in the first quarter of 2016 with gradual deliveries.  
In addition to first deliveries, new functionalities and enhancements were completed in 
2017.

Internet Banking Uplift and Mobile Banking Replatforming
The main goal of this project was to renew the design, increase functionality and 
enhance usability, security and efficiency of digital channels.  The project was 
completed in 2015.

The RRE (Retail Risk Excellence) Programme aims to improve collection 
performance.  The programme comprises three main projects:

Retail Risk Excellence: Underwriting and Collection Systems and Processes 
improvements were studied within this project to maintain the Bank’s 
profitability and increase collection performance.  To achieve the project’s 
goal, 14 actions have been implemented.  The project has been completed.

Improving the Bank’s NPL Collection Performance: The scope of this project 
is to focus on improved legal collection and to form the ideal high-level NPL 
sales process.  The project has been completed.

Enhancements of Consumer Loan Underwriting System: Underwriting system 
infrastructure changes were delivered to simplify work streams and minimise 
process complexity for better customer management.  The project has been 
completed.

SME Boosting was initiated in November 2016.  The project was completed in 2018.  
The programme aims to:

develop a new service model for the SME segment to capture market growth 
and optimise risk adjusted returns;

develop/enhance the commercial and risk tools to support the new service 
model and risk infrastructure; and

--- Page 241 ---
227

improve the current risk management infrastructure to mirror the enhanced 
business/service model.

The Target Operating Model aims to maximise the front-to-back office ratio of the 
Bank via optimisation and standardisation of operation activities with branch and 
centre splits while increasing the control focus of operations.  Accordingly, target 
services models in the branches have been redefined and these models are being put in 
place through the launch of included IT and non-IT initiatives.  Initiatives consist of 
subprojects to eliminate, automate, centralise and transform operation activities.  
Preparations started in 2015 and these models were completed by the end of 2018.

CRC Credit Controls System Improvements:  Improvements of findings related to 
credit controls conducted within the scope of Internal Audit findings was started in Q1 
2018 and completed in Q1 2020.

Retail Target Service Model (TSM): Program focuses on improving service model 
efficiency in branches through unification of roles, improving simplicity of the 
processes and digitalization.  The project started in 2018 and completed in 2020.

Treasury and Investment Strategies Program:  Improvements on the development 
of technical competencies in Treasury systems and investment products have been 
completed. The project which includes development of fixed income securities 
customer transaction functions & screens is still in progress. It was completed in the 
second quarter of 2020.
Property
The Group owns or leases premises for its head office, branches and operations centres. As of 
31 December 2020, the Group’s fixed assets (comprising land, land improvements, buildings, computer 
hardware and other fixed assets) had a total net book value of TL 4,554,379 thousand (U.S.$ 620,445 
thousand) or 0.94% of the Bank’s total assets. The Group owns its headquarters buildings in Istanbul 
and its operations centre in Gebze. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank owned approximately 19.42% 
of its branches and the rest were leased.
Insurance
The Group maintains insurance policies with levels of coverage it deems necessary given the 
nature of its business.  The Group’s fixed assets, cash in transit and cash in hand are covered by general 
insurance arrangements covering normal risks.  The Bank generally requires that the real property assets 
owned by borrowers which form part of the collateral for loans the Bank makes are insured.  The Bank 
does not have any credit risk insurance in relation to defaults by its customers as this type of insurance 
is generally not available in Turkey.  The Group maintains insurance on its properties, including its 
head office, branches and personal property, with respect to such risks, including earthquakes and 
terrorist attacks, and in such amounts as the Group deems appropriate.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, in the ordinary course of its business, the Group is party to legal proceedings, 
either as plaintiff or defendant.  There are no legal proceedings pending, or to the Group’s knowledge 
threatened, that may materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations or financial 
condition.  As of 31 December 2020, the Group recognised a provision of TL 134,635 thousand in 
respect of legal proceedings.
On 12 December 2019, the Ministry of Treasury and Finance Insurance General Directorate 
imposed an administrative penalty on the Bank for violations of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 
5684 and other relevant legislative provisions. According to the first paragraph of Article 24 of the 
Regulation on Insurance Agencies, the Bank was warned that its insurance brokerage activity may be

--- Page 242 ---
228
temporarily suspended for up to six months. Following an evaluation of the Bank’s public disclosures 
of the subject within the framework of article 29 of the regulations on the principles and procedures of 
the insurance and private pension sectors regarding supervision and control, an administrative penalty 
of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank on 24 January 2020. An administrative penalty of TL 
140,328,638 was paid on 6 February 2020 in accordance with Article 17/6 of the Misdemeanours Law 
No. 5326, by using the 25% advance payment discount.

--- Page 243 ---
229
MORTGAGE ORIGINATION, APPROVAL AND SERVICING
The Bank’s residential mortgage loan portfolio is almost entirely generated by the Bank, which 
also services its own residential mortgage loan portfolio.  The following summarises the Bank’s 
mortgage loan products, their origination process, the Bank’s approval process and its servicing of the 
residential mortgage loan portfolio.
Products.  The Bank only originates fixed rate residential mortgage loans, which the borrowers 
principally use for the purchase of new residential real estate.  While the Bank offers payment plan-
based products (i.e., loans with increasing or decreasing instalment payments), the Bank’s clients 
primarily elect loans with equal instalment payments through the maturity date.
In addition to standard residential mortgage loans, the Bank offers its customers “transfer 
mortgage loans” and “restructuring mortgage loans”.  Transfer mortgage loans are offered to applicants 
who are transferring to the Bank a mortgage loan contracted with another bank, which a borrower 
principally does in order to obtain more attractive loan conditions.  Restructuring mortgage loans are 
offered by the Bank to customers that have an outstanding mortgage loan with the Bank in order to 
prevent its customers from transferring its debt to another bank or to assist a borrower that is in financial 
difficulty.  In restructuring loans, the Bank offers a lower interest rate and/or longer payment periods 
with lower instalment amounts compared to the then current loan.
All residential mortgage loans are secured by establishing a first ranking lien on the 
corresponding real property.  In transfer mortgage loans, a second ranking lien is created initially but 
then becomes a first ranking lien upon payment of the outstanding amount of the mortgage loan that is 
being replaced.
The final maturity of residential mortgage loans made by the Bank is typically between five 
and ten years.  The weighted average age of residential mortgage loans held by the Bank as of 
4 December 2017 was approximately eight years. 
Origination.  All of the Bank’s mortgage loans are provided through the Bank’s branches; 
however, a customer may also submit an application through text messaging, the internet, third party 
web portals, a call centre or a real estate agent, which application is subsequently directed to a branch 
of the Bank to initiate the origination process.
The Bank’s branches (together with the applications directed from call centres) initiated the 
origination process for residential mortgage loans representing 87% of the total principal amount of 
residential mortgage loans originated by the Bank in the first half of 2016.  The Bank had 760 retail, 20 
private and 45 commercial branches in Turkey as of 31 December 2020, all of which are eligible to 
originate mortgage loans.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank employed 1,483 retail relationship 
managers and 131 private banking relationship managers providing retail loans to its customers, 
including residential mortgage loans, which managers have direct contact with branch customers to 
answer questions, assist with their submission of a loan application and continue as the primary point 
of contact with the customer throughout the application process.
The remaining mortgage loans in the first half of 2017 were initiated through applications made 
by customers through the Bank’s internet portal or real estate agencies.  Supporting this and the Bank’s 
other residential mortgage lending business, the Bank engages in both mass and targeted marketing in 
various media.
Approval.  Upon submission of a mortgage loan application (and receipt of such application by 
a branch), the relevant branch initiates the “automatic appraisal” process by gathering information and 
documents from and about the applicant (e.g., identification cards, income statements, employment 
details and credit history) in order to start the approval process.
However, individual branches do not have authorisation to approve mortgage loan applications.  
Instead, the authorisation of mortgage loan applications is administered by the centralised Consumer

--- Page 244 ---
230
Loans Underwriting Department.  All mortgage loan applications must go through the centralised 
process established by the Consumer Loans Underwriting Department which involves an automated 
search of all relevant internal and external databases to such application (including searches of the credit 
bureau, the Bank’s internal records, loan history, assets, Central Bank negative reference, etc.).
An automated system (which makes determinations based on a score, legal and income based 
criteria) initially establishes whether a mortgage loan application should be rejected or subject to further 
review as follows:
Reject: The system will automatically reject a mortgage loan application if the relevant criteria 
have not been met.  Where a mortgage loan application has been rejected, a branch may request a further 
evaluation of such application within one of the determination.  Additional information and documents 
must be submitted for the decision to be reconsidered.  Only the Consumer Loans Underwriting 
Department has the authority to approve an application in these circumstances.
Manual Review: Mortgage loan applications that are not rejected by the automated system will 
be subject to evaluation by the Consumer Loans Underwriting Department who will consider all 
relevant aspects of the application.
The abovementioned appraisal report is an important part of the approval process, with each 
appraisal report being prepared by an independent appraisal firm. Three independent regulatory 
institutions (the BRSA, the CMB and the Appraisers Association of Turkey (Türkiye Değerleme 
Uzmanları Birliği) monitor and authorise real property appraisal businesses in Turkey and, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, there were 142 real estate companies licensed by the CMB and BRSA.
The appraisal companies each use three appraisal methodologies for each property: a 
comparison approach, an income approach and a cost approach.  Upon receiving a mortgage loan 
application, the Bank initiates the valuation process by entering information regarding the applicable 
real property and its title to the Bank’s internal valuation portal, which randomly selects an independent 
appraisal firm and forwards the request to the selected firm.  Following receipt of an appraisal order, an 
appraiser will: (a) visit the relevant Land Registry Office, municipality and (for on-site measurements) 
the real property to be mortgaged; (b) conduct research regarding reference values; and (c) prepare and 
submit an appraisal report to the Bank.  The technical staff at the Bank’s real estate department reviews 
the report according to the Bank’s internal rules and compares it with relevant precedents.  
Subsequently, such department submits the report to the relevant branch that initiated the valuation 
process.
The Bank undertakes an evaluation of the requested loan using an internally developed scoring 
process that rates applicants based upon various criteria and determines the maximum loan amount for 
the applicant.  Where a co-signer or guarantor would be liable on the mortgage loan, the analysis of the 
application also takes their creditworthiness into account.
In this analysis, the Bank (upon receipt of all needed information) undertakes a credit 
assessment of the applicant using the same processes applicable to other potential credits to such an 
applicant and evaluates the credit application.  Considerations in this analysis include whether the 
applicant is a private or public sector employee, a self-employed individual, a shareholder of a company, 
an individual receiving a pension from the social security institution of Turkey or the Bank, an 
individual with additional income such as rent or interest income or a payroll customer of the Bank.  As 
of 30 June 2016, employed workers are the principal customers of the Bank’s residential mortgage loan 
business and the average age of the Bank’s residential mortgage loan borrowers was approximately 40 
years old.
An employee of a branch collects various information about each applicant through the credit 
application system, including the following: (i) the profession, income and address of the customer; (ii) 
the income of the applicant’s family; provided that his/her spouse, parent(s) or children resides in the 
same house with the applicant and co-sign(s) or guarantee(s) the loan agreement to be liable on the

--- Page 245 ---
231
mortgage loan; (iii) debt-to-income ratio, which reflects the ratio of the applicant and (if applicable) 
his/her family’s monthly gross income to their overall debts; (iv) age of the applicant; (v) purpose, 
maturity and amount of the requested credit, which cannot exceed 80% of the appraised property value; 
(vi) age of the property; and (vii) the construction status of the property.
The Bank gathers certain information from third parties, such as the Central Bank or Turkey’s 
credit bureaus, while other information comes directly from the Bank’s history with the applicant (e.g., 
is he or she a payroll customer of the Bank or has he or she obtained loans from the Bank in the past?).  
The Bank also requests additional documents and information from the applicants to verify their income 
level, such as: (A) from an applicant declaring rental income, a related lease contract or bank account 
statement; (B) from a private sector employee, an income statement from the company, confirmation 
from the employer verifying such employment and verification from the online portal of the Social 
Security Institution of Turkey (Sosyal Güvenlik Kurumu); and (C) from a public sector employee, the 
most recent income statement of the employee signed by the employer and confirmation from the 
employer verifying any lien on the monthly income of the employee.
The repayment capacity and debt level of a residential mortgage applicant are the primary 
factors in determining the limit for any credit that might be provided to the applicant.  The reasons that 
most frequently result in the rejection of a residential mortgage loan application include: (I) a history 
of non-payment, including any disclosed in the applicant’s report from Turkey’s credit bureau; (II) 
negative records of the applicant in the Bank’s own database based upon the Bank’s history with the 
applicant; (III) the appearance of the applicant in the blacklist of the Bank’s fraud database; (IV) 
incomplete or false information in the application documentation; and (V) insufficient monthly income 
of the applicant.
The information and documents collected and verified during the credit application process are 
maintained in the Bank’s internal systems and are used for control purposes.  The credit utilisation 
documents are printed in the branch, while other documents are kept in the Bank’s electronic archive 
system and may be accessed by the audit department or the credit approval authority online.
Servicing.  Once a residential mortgage loan is funded, the relevant department of the Bank 
(e.g., commercial, retail or corporate) monitors and recovers the loan.  The monitoring process aims to 
ensure that payments are made promptly and that any necessary evidence of insurance is delivered.
If a borrower misses a payment, then the Bank labels the loan as “delinquent” and the PI 
Individual Loans Monitoring Department monitors the loan until it is 90 days in arrears.  If a customer 
does not make the necessary payments while its loan is delinquent, then the Bank tries to reach such 
customer through voice messages, phone calls or SMS messages and sends a warning letter via public 
notary.  The PI Individual Loans Monitoring Department sends a list of delinquent (60 days past due 
and higher) loans to the branches periodically.
Following the submission of a warning letter to a delinquent customer, the Bank continues to 
monitor the loan until such customer makes the due payment.  The Bank also provides a customer the 
option to restructure the delinquent loan.   
Once a mortgage loan is in arrears for 91 days or more and the Bank has been unable to recover 
amounts due to it under the mortgage loan despite having given notice to the relevant borrower, a legal 
process for recovery of the amount due is initiated.  The applicable loan file is assigned to an external 
lawyer and the legal process for foreclosure is initiated.
Where legal process is initiated, the Bank issues a warrant of execution and submits an 
application for the appraisal of the mortgaged property via the office of a Turkish bailiff.  The bailiff 
commences a public auction for the mortgaged property and starts with a minimum bid price of 50% of 
the appraised value.  If the property cannot be sold at the first auction, then a second public auction is 
announced for a date at least 25 days after the first auction and the minimum bid price is again set at 
50% of the appraised value.  In both auctions, the Bank has the option to buy the property and terminate

--- Page 246 ---
232
the loan.  Following a legally required objection period provided to the debtor, the bailiff finalises the 
sale of the property to the winning bidder and transfers to the Bank the amount required to repay the 
mortgage loan in full (or as much thereof as possible).  The period of collection may be extended due 
to: (x) the debtor making an objection to the appraisal value of the real estate (in which case the debtor 
must present a final decision of the enforcement court); and (y) the debtor initiating a lawsuit for 
cancellation of the auction; provided that the debtor deposits 20% of the winning auction price before 
initiating a lawsuit for cancellation of the auction (such deposit is retained by the court if the court does 
not decide in favour of the debtor).  If the amount from the sale is not sufficient to repay the mortgage 
loan in full, then further legal process is pursued by the Bank against other assets of the borrower to 
ensure full recovery.

--- Page 247 ---
233
RISK MANAGEMENT
Internal Audit Department
The Bank’s Internal Audit Department reports to the Audit Committee and utilises a 
risk-oriented approach to assess credit risk, operational and IT risk, and market risk, including within 
the Bank’s subsidiaries.  The department also performs investigations.  The retail branches are audited 
based on the analysis of risk indicators, with between a one- and four-year audit cycle of the retail 
branches based on the risk classifications.  Moreover, the risk trends of each branch are monitored 
quarterly through key risk indicators.  A 12-month audit cycle is applied to the Corporate, Commercial 
and Private Banking branches.  The head office departments are audited based on the risk assessments, 
while also considering the requests of shareholders, governing bodies, top management and regulators.  
The audit period for the head office departments may vary from between one to five years in accordance 
with the results of the risk assessments.  Regular branch and process audits are scheduled based on an 
annual audit plan which is submitted to the Board of Directors for approval.  In addition, significant 
internal audit results are submitted to the Board of Directors at least four times a year through the Audit 
Committee.
In addition, the BRSA requires a “management assertion” study of Banking processes and IT 
systems to be completed by the Internal Audit Department annually.  The management assertion study 
was completed as of 31 December 2020 and the Board of Directors was informed of the results. 
Risk Management Department
The Bank’s Risk Management department functions independently from its commercial 
operations.  With the Credit Committee and the Asset and Liability Management function of the 
Executive Committee, the Risk Management department is an integral part of ensuring the Bank’s 
compliance with the Banking Law, with respect to measuring, monitoring and managing credit, market 
and operational risks concerning the Bank’s portfolio.
The basic functions of the Risk Management department are to measure and manage risks in a 
manner consistent with the Bank’s risk appetite.  The department is also responsible for: (a) maximising 
returns on invested capital and maintaining sustainable profit growth; (b) monitoring trends in risk 
exposures and communicating irregularities to senior management; (c) monitoring asset and liability 
profiles to allow the Bank to take rebalancing actions on a timely basis; (d) defining the risk structures 
of products, processes and services; (e) measuring the credit risk of the Bank’s portfolio via rating 
models; and (f) ensuring the Bank’s compliance with the Banking Law.
As of 31 December 2020, the Risk Management department had 102 employees.  The main 
organisational segments of the department are Strategic Risk Control, Credit Risk Management and 
Market Risk Management.
Strategic Risk Control
Risk control involves the following key roles and responsibilities in the Bank: (a) defining the 
optimum composition of the overall loan portfolio and identifying risk positions within legal and Group 
limitations; (b) preparing a credit risk budget in line with the Bank’s risk appetite and lending targets; 
(c) monitoring the evolution of credit risk for all segments (including by industry, type and sector); 
(d) preparing and presenting strategic credit risk related reports to the senior management (including 
the evolution of loan provisioning and comparison with peer banks); (e) calculating cost of risk and 
related provisions by segments to assess the underlying risk of the loan portfolio and maintain asset 
quality; (f) preparing ICAAP Reports, stress tests and recovery and resolution plans; and (g) providing 
support to the Bank’s subsidiaries while simultaneously coordinating their functions with the aim of 
achieving a loan portfolio with the best creditworthiness possible, as well as ensuring the proper 
implementation of their credit, credit risk cost and budgeting processes.  This includes the preparation 
of action plans for such subsidiaries in order to align implementation processes across the Group.

--- Page 248 ---
234
The operational side of the Risk Management department encompasses responsibility for the 
following tasks: (i) defining the Group’s operational risk policy covering IT risks; (ii) issuing guidelines 
for the measuring, evaluation and management of operational risks and IT risks, and ensuring correct 
implementation both at Bank and subsidiary levels; (iii) developing and regularly updating the 
operational risk measuring and monitoring systems and models at Group level; (iv) measuring and 
monitoring operational risks and IT risks at Group level; (v) carrying out “second level controls” for 
operational risks and IT risks at Group level; (vi) ensuring compliance with Basel II in the area of 
operational risk; (vii) managing the business continuity plan of the Bank with particular responsibility 
for assuring the establishment and maintenance of the plan, and controlling and coordinating the various 
entities involved in the process; (viii) preparing action plans for operational risk mitigation and 
coordinating the implementation of such plans; (ix) taking into account the significance of reputational 
risk and consequently setting and ensuring implementation of policies and strategies, which are 
assessed, quantified and managed with the overall intention of minimising such complications; and (x) 
establishing and reviewing the support services risk management programme and giving risk opinions 
for support service procurement requests. 
Credit Risk Management
The Credit Risk Management department coordinates the following: (a) measuring the credit 
risk of portfolios by developing Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Loss Given 
Default (LGD) models, which are used to compute the Expected Loss (EL) of a subject if it were to 
default; (b) defining the business specifications of all information technology tools used throughout the 
credit processes and the information technology systems where information about credit risk is kept 
(e.g., limits, risks, collaterals and credit risk datamarts in the data warehouse); (c) evaluating new credit 
products and changes to existing credit products; (d) leading credit risk related Basel IRB preparations 
at a Group level in anticipation of approaches by the BRSA; (e) validating and monitoring the 
rating/scoring systems used by the Bank in daily business processes; (f) establishing, monitoring and 
coordinating studies related to the internal capital adequacy assessment process (“ICAAP”) and 
economic capital calculations; (g) managing and monitoring rule sets used in retail portfolios for 
underwriting, monitoring and collection purposes; and (h) making economic calculations for the credit 
portfolio.
Lending Policy
Lending Limits
The BRSA defines large exposure as an exposure exceeding 10% of the Bank’s capital base in 
light of BRSA credit conversion factors.  The Bank’s total exposure to a single company or group cannot 
exceed 25% of the Bank’s capital base.  Total exposure to a risk group (comprising Koç Holding and 
UniCredit S.p.A. (and its subsidiaries)) cannot exceed 20% of the Bank’s capital base.  The total of the 
Bank’s large exposures cannot exceed the Bank’s capital base by more than eight times.  To date, the 
Bank has never exceeded these ratios.  Further description of the applicable regulatory requirements is 
set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Lending Limits” in this Base Prospectus.
According to the Bank’s credit policy, each individual sector should not exceed a targeted level 
of 10% of the total loan portfolio.  Currently, the only industrial sectors that exceed this internal 
limitation are the energy sector and the construction sector (including infrastructure, real estate and 
construction), including non-cash lending.  These sectors also include various subsectors, such as the 
commercial real estate finance subsector, as well as various loan types, such as project finance loans 
that are supported by legal commitments and collateral from the treasury and public institutions, which 
subsectors and loan types constitute a significant share of these sectors.

--- Page 249 ---
235
Limit Structure
Since 2015, in respect of corporate and commercial clients, the Bank’s credit underwriting 
divides commercial credit products into five risk categories: cash, payment guarantee, other non-cash, 
cash management and derivative.
Approval Authorities
In general, the lowest level of authoritative personnel for credit approval is the branch manager 
for corporate and commercial loans.  Up to certain thresholds, there is no involvement of credit 
departments at either branch or regional level.
For corporate and commercial banking, at the level of the regional manager and above, the 
credit department will be involved and their credit opinion will be binding.  If a credit opinion is 
negative, the credit proposal may either be passed onto a higher authority or be rejected.
The corporate and commercial banking credit department is authorised to approve loans above 
USD 250,000 or above the adjusted limit (after taking rating and product coefficients into account 
capped with a nominal limit of USD 500,000).  There is no sales authority for SME and Medium 
Enterprises (“ME”) customers.
There is no sales authority for business banking and SME/ME underwriting.  The business 
banking credit underwriting department has authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those 
which are automated.  The Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to 
TL 150,000.  For all other loans, the underwriting policy is applied.
For the SME, ME, commercial and international and multinational banking customers, the 
corporate and commercial credit underwriting department is organised into 22regions (eight in Istanbul 
and 14 in Anatolia) and in the Bank’s head office.  The rating system, as well as the results from internal 
and external enquiries, are among the major parameters for credit decisions in underwriting.  Relevant 
external and internal information is gathered and fed into the underwriting tools automatically.  New 
and existing clients with bad ratings are rejected automatically for SME customers whereas clients with 
ratings that meet certain thresholds are approved automatically by the system in SME and ME segments.  
There is no automatic approval or rejection for corporate and commercial customers.
Higher Credit and/or Reputation Risk Loans
Certain types of transactions entail a higher credit and/or reputation risk for the Bank and are 
therefore either discouraged or require a higher level of approval.  The Bank applies higher levels of 
approval and a prudent approach towards loans in other sectors, such as media, health and arms and 
weapons dealings.
Corporate and Commercial Lending
Corporate and commercial underwriting is performed by three units: the corporate credit 
underwriting section, the commercial credit underwriting section and the specialised credit underwriting 
section. Corporate and commercial customers are segmented mainly by the value of their annual 
turnover. Commercial customers are companies with an annual turnover of between TL 25 million to 
TL 500 million, while corporate customers are companies with an annual turnover of more than TL 500 
million. Companies with turnover of less than TL 25 million are considered to be part of the Bank’s 
SME segment. The commercial credit underwriting section has both regional and head office 
organisation. There are twenty-two underwriting regions (eight in Istanbul and fourteen in Anatolia) in 
addition to the Bank’s head office. The specialised credit and corporate credit teams are located in the 
head office. The specialised credit team analyses the credit requests for energy (hydro, wind, solar, 
thermal, biomass, distribution etc.), real estate (shopping centres or mixed type projects), shipping (ship 
construction and ship operation) and mergers and acquisitions.

--- Page 250 ---
236
SME and ME lending is performed within the corporate and commercial credit department.  
The SME and ME segments consist of companies having turnover between TL 2 million to USD 10 
million and total bank exposure between TL 0.5 million and 5 million.
Retail Lending
Retail underwriting utilises scorecards, decision trees and rule sets to evaluate the 
creditworthiness of applications.  Once the data entry for credit card and individual loan applications is 
performed, enquiries to external sources (including the credit bureau and the Central Bank) and internal 
data sources (including customer information file and product performance) are run.  Retail application 
scores are calculated through a computerised system.  Once the enquiries are completed, the data is sent 
to the decision engine, where decision trees, data methods and rule sets are checked and the final 
decision is provided.  Loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratios are up to 80% for residential mortgage loans, 50% 
for working premises loans, 50% for home equity loans and 70% for car loans with a vehicle value of 
up to TL 100,000.  If the invoice amount is greater than TL 120,000, the LTV ratios are up to 70% for 
the amount up to TL 120,000 and up to 50% for the remainder.
Credit card limits are calculated as twice the monthly net income of the customer for the first 
year.  For the second and subsequent years, credit limits are calculated as four times the monthly net 
income of the customer.  
The Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to TL 200,000.  
For all other loans about which the system cannot make a credit decision, the underwriting policy is 
applied. 
There is no sales authority for business banking.  The business banking credit underwriting 
department has authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those which are automated.
Rating Models
For corporate and commercial clients, internal application rating models integrated within the 
underwriting process assign a probability of default to each borrower.  The model is composed of 
various customer segments, including construction, production, trade, and services, as well as modules 
that encompass information domains.  These domains include central bank data, balance sheet data, 
negative intelligence data, and Yapi Kredi behaviour data (including information on limit/risk 
utilisation and delinquency statistics).  The categories stated above involve the quantitative side of the 
model; however, a module for the qualitative portion of assessment is also used. 
Though independently rated, all four segments have been unified to establish a single rating 
system consisting of 16 different ratings. 
The behavioural scorecards are rating models that are aimed at measuring the creditworthiness 
of existing clients.  The behavioural scorecard for corporate and commercial clients was updated in 
January 2018.  The model has the same structure (segments and module) as the application model. 
For SME portfolios, the behavioural rating model was updated in January 2018 with the 
introduction of two submodels assigned to each of the segments described below.  The rating model for 
clients belonging to the “Big” segment has 11 buckets while the model for clients belonging to the 
“Small” segment has 16 buckets. 
The outcomes of rating models reflect the riskiness of each rated customer/credit, and generic 
provisions are set aside in accordance with each performing client’s/credit’s rating.  These differentiated 
evaluation methodologies and processes are based on market segments and give the Bank the ability to 
measure, manage and monitor credit risk in a more accurate way.

--- Page 251 ---
237
Loan Loss Provisioning Policy
For purposes of loss provisioning, the loans are divided into five groups:

first group: Includes standard loans and other receivables, reimbursement of which has 
been made within the specified periods or for which no reimbursement problems are 
expected in the future, and which can be fully collected.  No deterioration in the credit 
risk of the debtor has been observed.

second group: Includes closely monitored loans and other receivables with respect to 
which there is no problem at present but which the Bank believes should be more 
closely monitored for reasons such as decreasing solvency or cash flow problems of 
the debtor, significant financial risk carried by the debtor, or more generally for which 
capital sum and interest repayments are likely to fail and the persistence of such 
problems might result in partial or full non-payment risk.

third group: Includes loans and other receivables with limited collection ability.  These 
include loans with respect to which the collection of the principal sum and/or interest 
has been delayed for more than 90 days but less than 180 days from the due date.

fourth group: Includes doubtful loans and other receivables with respect to which the 
collection of the principal and/or interest has been delayed for more than 180 days but 
less than one year from the due date.

fifth group: Includes loans and other receivables, which are considered as a loss.  These 
include loans that are deemed to be uncollectable, or where collection of principal 
and/or interest has been delayed by one year or more from the due date.
Starting from 1 January 2018, the Bank’s classification of financial assets (especially in loans 
and receivables) and calculation of provisions changed according to TFRS 9. 
In accordance with TFRS 9, the Bank’s loan loss provisioning policy was replaced by the 
expected credit loss (“ECL”) model.  ECL estimates are required to be unbiased, probability-weighted, 
and should include supportable information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future 
economic conditions.  The ECL should reflect multiple macroeconomic scenarios and include the time 
value of money.  The ECL model applies to all on-balance financial assets accounted for at amortised 
cost and fair value through other comprehensive income such as loans and debt securities, as well as to 
off-balance items such as certain loan commitments, financial guarantees, and undrawn revolving credit 
facilities.
These financial assets are divided into three categories depending on the gradual increase in 
credit risk observed since their initial recognition.  Impairment shall be recognised on outstanding 
amounts in each category, as follows:

Stage 1: For financial assets at initial recognition or which do not have a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition.  Impairment for credit risk is recorded 
on the basis of 12-month expected credit losses.

Stage 2: In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the 
financial asset will be transferred to this category.  Impairment for credit risk will be 
determined on the basis of the instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses.

Stage 3: Includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the 
reporting date.  For these assets, lifetime ECLs are recognised and interest revenue is 
calculated on the net carrying amount.

--- Page 252 ---
238
Exposure to Credit Risk
The top 20 clients of the Bank mainly include leading conglomerates and state owned 
enterprises in Turkey.  As of 31 December 2020, the share of the top 20 companies in terms of the total 
gross loans to companies amounted to 14.51%.  
Market Risk 
As part of a financial group, the Bank is constantly exposed to interest rate, liquidity and foreign 
exchange risks.  The Bank’s market risk policy provides for guidelines with respect to the market risk 
management and binding limit structure and defines roles and responsibilities of the various teams 
involved.  Market risk is managed based on the treatment of the Bank’s banking and trading books.  The 
banking book consists of all assets and liabilities arising from commercial activities, and is sensitive to 
interest rate and foreign exchange movements.  The trading book includes positions held for trading, 
client servicing purposes or keeping the Bank’s market making status.  The Bank’s market risk 
management strategy, policies and guidelines are based on UniCredit S.p.A. standards as well as on the 
Turkish regulatory rules and procedures.
The Bank’s trading activity is realised on foreign exchange, securities and derivatives, which 
are tolerated within predefined limits.  Risk limits are set in terms of end-of-day and intra-day position 
bases, as well as value at risk (“VaR”), monitored on a daily basis.  Monitoring of trading activity is 
performed daily through reports prepared by the market Risk Management department, which show 
VaR positions and stop-loss limits, in addition to back testing profit and loss figures.  These reports are 
then sent to the Bank’s executive management and the Treasury department.
The banking book’s interest rate risk is measured daily on basis point sensitivity and monthly 
through the economic value perspective.  The economic value sensitivity method calculates the potential 
change in fair value of the Bank’s interest rate positions resulting from a parallel upward or downward 
shift of the yield curve.  This interest rate fluctuation is to be maintained within 20% of the Bank’s 
shareholder equity.  Interest rate swaps are utilised to mitigate the banking book interest rate risk 
resulting from the maturity mismatch.  Besides economic value sensitivity, an overall VaR, covering 
all on- and off-balance sheet items and basis point value methods are used to measure the structural 
interest rate risk.  Structural foreign exchange position risk limits and VaR are also monitored daily and 
reported to the executive management.
The Bank monitors liquidity risk daily, paying particular attention to keeping enough cash and 
cash equivalent instruments to fund increases in assets, unexpected decreases in liabilities, as well as 
meeting legal requirements, while optimising the cost of carrying any excess liquidity.  The liquidity 
policy provides guidelines to quantify the liquidity position and achieve a sound balance between 
profitability and liquidity needs.  Liquidity risk limits are set both for short-term and structural long-
term liquidity positions.  The Bank has its own liquidity contingency plan on liquidity management.  
Moreover, the Bank maintains the majority of its securities portfolio as marketable, thus facilitating 
access to the repo market as and when short liquidity is needed.
The Bank’s derivative instruments are limited to financial instruments such as forwards, swaps, 
futures and options in foreign exchange and capital markets.  These transactions are considered effective 
economic hedges under the Group’s management policies.
As part of its market risk management, the Bank undertakes various hedging strategies.  The 
Bank also enters into interest rate swaps to match the interest rate risk associated with the fixed rate 
long-term loans.
Fair value hedges
Since 1 March 2009, the Bank has hedged the possible fair value effects of changes in market 
interest rates on part of its fixed interest Turkish Lira mortgage and car loan portfolios, as well as 
changes in foreign exchange rates on part of its foreign currency borrowed denominated funds, using

--- Page 253 ---
239
cross currency rate swaps. The net carrying value of hedging instruments as of 31 December 2020 
amounted to liabilities of TL 620,019  thousand compared with assets of TL 316,376 thousand as of 31 
December 2019 and TL 313,994 thousand as of 31 December 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the mark 
to market difference of the hedging instruments since the inception date of the hedge relationship was 
a loss of TL 22,056  thousand compared with a loss of TL 19,636 thousand as of 31 December 2019 
and a gain of TL 20,740 thousand as of 31 December 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the fair value 
difference of the hedged item was TL 2,473  thousand compared with TL 24,529 thousand as of 31 
December 2019 and TL 44,165 thousand as of 31 December 2018. 
Their changes in fair value amounted to a decrease of TL 22,056  thousand as of 31 December 
2020, a decrease of TL 19,636 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and an increase of TL 20,740 thousand 
as of 31 December 2018. 
Cash flow hedges
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in future interest cash flows on non-trading assets and 
liabilities which bear interest at a variable rate. The Group uses interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges 
to guard against these interest rate risks.
In order to hedge its cash flow risk from liabilities, the Group has applied cash flow hedge 
accounting since 1 January 2010.
For the year ended 31 December 2020 and the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2018, gains of TL 211,163  thousand, TL 422,890 thousand and TL 41,508 thousand respectively, were 
recognised in the statement of income due to the ineffectiveness of cash flow hedges.
As of 31 December 2020 and the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, net 
gains and losses arising from cash flow hedges recognised under equity, net of reclassification to 
statement of income and net of tax, were TL 485,963  thousand, TL (3,206,096) thousand and TL 
906,613 thousand respectively.
Net investment hedges
The Group hedges part of the currency translation risk of net investments in foreign operations 
through currency borrowings.
The Group’s euro denominated borrowing is designated as a hedge of the net investment in 
certain of the Group’s euro denominated subsidiaries. The total amount of borrowing designated as a 
hedge of the net investment as of 31 December 2020 was €471 million compared to €452 million as of 
31 December 2019 and €430 million as of 31 December 2018.
Stress tests
Stress tests provide an indication of the potential size of the losses that could arise in extreme 
conditions.  The stress tests carried out by risk management, also indicated in the market risk policy of 
the Group, include foreign exchange and interest rate stress testing, where stress movements are applied 
to the foreign exchange position and to the banking book.  The results of the stress tests are reviewed 
by the Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee.  Following the 
implementation of the ICAAP by the local regulator in Turkey, the Bank also calculates bank-wide 
stress tests.
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange exposure is the result of the mismatch of foreign currency-denominated 
assets and liabilities (including foreign currency indexed ones) together with exposures resulting from 
off-balance sheet foreign exchange derivative instruments.  The Group takes on exposure to the effects 
of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on its financial position and cash flows.

--- Page 254 ---
240
The limits are set by the Board on the level of exposure in aggregate for both overnight and intra-day 
positions, which are monitored on a daily basis.  The Bank performs periodic stress tests on foreign 
currency VaR by implementing different scenarios.  These stress test scenarios are periodically renewed 
and monitored in accordance with market volatility.
Interest rate risk
Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that future cash flows of a financial instrument will 
fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.  Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of 
a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.  The Group is exposed to 
the effects of fluctuation in the prevailing levels of market interest rates in both its fair value and cash 
flow risks.  Interest rate risk limits are set in terms of a total economic value sensitivity limit.  Legal 
interest rate risk in the banking book is performed according to a scenario of 4% shift in Turkish Lira 
yield curve and 2% shift in foreign exchange yield curve.  The resulting profit/loss should not exceed 
20% of the Bank’s capital.  Moreover, the basis point value (“BPV”) is applied for the banking book.  
The BPV limit restricts maximum interest rate risk position by currency and time buckets with valuation 
changes being based on an interest rate change of 0.01%.
In 2009, the Bank started to hedge a portion of its interest rate risk between its medium- and 
long-term fixed rate Turkish Lira loans (such as mortgages) and its Turkish Lira deposits, which have 
a relatively short maturity when compared to the Bank’s assets.  The Bank hedged this exposure by 
creating fixed rate medium/long-term Turkish Lira funding via cross currency interest rate swap 
contracts (U.S. dollars against Turkish Lira) and interest rate swaps.
The tables below set out the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk as of 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018 in TL thousands.  The tables include the Group’s assets and 
liabilities in carrying amounts classified in terms of periods remaining to contractual re-pricing dates.
As of 31 December 2020
Up to 
1 month
1 – 3 months
3 – 12 months
1 – 5 years
5 years and 
over
Non-interest 
bearing
Total
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in 
transit, cheque purchased) and balances 
with the Central Bank of the Republic 
of Turkey ..............................................
28,859,366
-
-
-
-
28,823,188
57,682,554
Banks ....................................................
5,638,767
841,463
1,657,732
8,348,012
16,485,974
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss..............................................
83
1,135
737
60,955
212,848
401,007
676,765
Receivables from money markets .......
1,700,842
1,700,842
Financial assets whose fair value 
change is reflected in the other 
comprehensive income statement.........
2,867,745
6,367,625
8,600,443
5,169,968
2,006,501
88,278
25,100,560
Loans ....................................................
39,183,591
41,780,555
102,384,745
97,513,234
16,746,371
(5,137,509)
292,470,987
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost........................................................
12,386,591
7,883,755
8,203,299
6,837,645
17,716,934
53,028,224
Other assets...........................................
1,052,295
1,892,402
1,959,220
1,747,138
148,102
32,544,616
39,343,773
Total assets ..........................................
91,689,280
58,766,935
122,806,176
111,328,940
36,830,756
65,067,592
486,489,679
Liabilities
Bank deposits........................................
4,448,885
14,026
620,351
5,083,262
Other deposits.......................................
120,100,580
34,156,234
8,528,293
1,900,154 
230,816
94,410,929
259,327,006
Funds from money market....................
27,356,303
426,831
1,638,612
938,918
30,360,664
Miscellaneous payables........................
15,463,400
15,463,400
Marketable securities issued.................
2,862,929
13,734,309
7,947,221
81,741
2,161
-
24,628,361
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ............................................
5,216,629
25,916,665
9,851,274
4,003,829
1,436,296
-
46,424,693
Other liabilities and shareholders’ 
equity ....................................................
7,557,424
24,657,530
8,654,059
4,313,922
1,701,221
58,318,137
105,202,293
Total liabilities ....................................
167,542,750
98,905,595
36,619,459
11,238,564
3,370,494
168,812,817
486,489,679
Balance sheet long position................
86,186,717
100,090,376
33,460,262
-
219,737,355

--- Page 255 ---
241
As of 31 December 2020
Up to 
1 month
1 – 3 months
3 – 12 months
1 – 5 years
5 years and 
over
Non-interest 
bearing
Total
Balance sheet short position ..............
(75,853,470)
(40,138,660)
(103,745,225)
(219,737,355)
Off-balance sheet long position............
16,497,448
34,677,772
-
-
-
-
51,175,220
Off-balance sheet short position...........
(8,822,361)
(41,092,523)
(2,881,999)
(52,796,883)
Total position ......................................
(59,356,022)
(5,460,888)
77,364,356
58,997,853
30,578,263
(103,745,225)
(1,621,663)
As of 31 December 2019
Up to 
1 month
1 – 3 months
3 – 12 months
1 – 5 years
5 years and 
over
Non-interest 
bearing
Total
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in 
transit, cheque purchased) and balances 
with the Central Bank of the Republic 
of Turkey ...............................................
19,217,128
—
—
—
—
24,268,802
43,485,930
Banks.....................................................
11,976,949
1,489,545
801,074
64,231
—
12,879,989
27,211,788
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss...............................................
—
162
4,536
13,874
75,296
479,329
573,197
Money market placements
10,803,630
—
—
—
—
—
10,803,630
Financial assets whose fair value 
change is reflected in the other 
comprehensive income..........................
2,795,718
5,877,816
9,044,577
6,900,060
2,202,096
80,345
26,900,612
Loans
34,443,764
32,068,141
76,404,792
86,334,621
14,039,572
1,189,720
244,480,610
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost.........................................................
6,066,570
3,938,811
5,053,572
3,709,314
10,839,870
-
29,608,137
Other assets............................................
953,026
1,413,564
1,165,593
1,238,766
308,582
23,051,585
28,131,116
Total assets ...........................................
86,256,785
44,788,039
92,474,144
98,260,866
27,465,416
61,949,770
411,195,020
Liabilities
Bank deposits.........................................
3,857,173
49,427
12,299
—
—
1,138,876
5,057,775
Other deposits........................................
134,497,570
28,344,401
8,846,851
2,285,622
272,471
51,767,007
226,013,922
Funds from money market.....................
5,201,232
317,793
789,863
—
—
-
6,308,888
Miscellaneous payables.........................
—
—
—
—
—
14,697,241
14,697,241
Marketable securities issued..................
3,123,877
13,806,731
8,290,583
—
—
—
25,221,191
Funds borrowed from other 
financialinstitutions ...............................
6,624,057
19,373,853
14,005,520
3,711,567
1,658,498
—
45,373,495
Other liabilities and shareholders’ 
equity.....................................................
4,826,893
13,827,593
863,319
14,687,916
5,557,515
48,759,272
88,522,508
Total liabilities .....................................
158,130,802
75,719,798
32,808,435
20,685,105
7,488,484
116,362,396
411,195,020
Balance sheet long position.................
—
—
59,665,709
77,575,761
19,976,932
—
157,218,402
Balance sheet short position ...............
(71,874,017)
(30,931,759)
—
—
—
(54,412,626)
(157,218,402)
Off-balance sheet long position.............
14,532,346
35,990,412
—
—
—
—
50,522,758
Off-balance sheet short position............
—
—
(5,150,258)
(38,927,418)
(5,444,707)
—
(49,522,383)
Total position .......................................
(57,341,671)
5,058,653
54,515,451
38,648,343
14,532,225
(54,412,626)
1,000,375
As of 31 December 2018
Up to 
1 month
1 – 3 months
3 – 12 months
1 – 5 years
5 years and 
over
Non-interest 
bearing
Total
Assets
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in 
transit, cheque purchased) and balances 
with the Central Bank of the Republic 
of Turkey .............................................
26,927,180
—
—
—
—
29,904,128
56,831,308
Banks ...................................................
1,054,624
788,121
1,506,119
84,687
—
1,836,089
5,269,640
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss.............................................
—
5
937
14,744
52,657
179,813
248,156
Money market placements...................
12,318
84,708
20,205
—
—
—
117,231
Available-for-sale financial assets.......
3,051,441
5,368,953
8,543,658
6,677,678
3,175,156
66,794
26,883,680
Loans ...................................................
39,696,958
34,672,686
76,379,072
73,130,920
12,319,526
(1,231,206)
234,967,956
Held-to-maturity investments..............
4,328,097
2,591,160
2,419,269
3,586,492
9,880,661
—
22,805,679
Other assets..........................................
1,077,966
2,467,754
1,782,536
3,296,959
489,372
17,138,017
26,252,604
Total assets .........................................
76,148,584
45,973,387
90,651,796
86,791,480
25,917,372
47,893,635
373,376,254
Liabilities
Bank deposits.......................................
8,826,637
337,899
230,691
—
—
1,012,074
10,407,301
Other deposits......................................
115,485,681
36,179,812
10,339,682
2,577,490
195,126
35,106,381
199,884,172
Funds from money market...................
2,093,895
443,570
982,748
—
—
—
3,520,213

--- Page 256 ---
242
As of 31 December 2018
Up to 
1 month
1 – 3 months
3 – 12 months
1 – 5 years
5 years and 
over
Non-interest 
bearing
Total
Miscellaneous payables .......................
—
—
—
—
—
14,662,414
14,662,414
Marketable securities issued................
680,654
5,088,792
3,257,971
9,870,672
2,544,114
—
21,442,203
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ...........................................
9,335,403
22,115,474
7,032,452
6,690,421
1,898,252
—
47,072,002
Other liabilities and shareholders’ 
equity ...................................................
1,692,331
17,375,026
7,193,432
1,938,715
604,114
47,584,331
76,387,949
Total liabilities....................................
138,114,601
81,540,573
29,036,976
21,077,298
5,241,606
98,365,200
373,376,254
Balance sheet long position ...............
—
—
61,614,820
65,714,182
20,675,766
—
148,004,768
Balance sheet short position..............
(61,966,017)
(35,567,186)
—
—
—
(50,471,565)
(148,004,768)
Off-balance sheet long position...........
13,237,750
31,963,808
—
—
—
—
45,201,558
Off-balance sheet short position..........
—
—
(3,722,500)
(33,959,108)
(7,726,791)
—
(45,408,399)
Total position......................................
(48,728,267)
(3,603,378)
57,892,320
31,755,074
12,948,975
(50,471,565)
(206,841)
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk arises from mismatches between maturities of assets and liabilities, which may 
result in the Bank being unable to meet its obligations in a timely manner.  The Bank’s liquidity risk is 
managed as part of the asset and liability management strategy in accordance with the Bank’s market 
risk policies.  In order to manage this risk, the Bank’s funding sources are diversified and the Bank 
believes that it holds sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund its liabilities in the event that such 
mismatches occur.  During the monthly meetings of the Asset and Liability Management function 
within the Executive Committee, the liquidity position of the Group is evaluated and measures are 
implemented if necessary.
The Bank uses the following definitions with respect to the components of liquidity risk:
(a)
Liquidity mismatch risk refers to the risk of non-conformity between the amounts 
and/or the maturities or cash inflows and cash outflows;
(b)
Liquidity contingency risk refers to the risk that future unexpected events could require 
a greater amount of liquidity than the amount estimated necessary by the Bank.  This 
risk could arise as a result of events such as the failure by clients to reimburse loans, 
the need to finance new assets, difficulties in selling liquid assets or obtaining new 
financings in the event of a liquidity crisis; and
(c)
Market liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Bank may incur losses as a result of the 
sale of assets deemed to be liquid, or in extreme conditions is unable to liquidate such 
positions due to insufficient liquidity offered by the market or keeps the position that 
is too large when compared to market turnover.
Reports on short-term liquidity positions and structural liquidity positions are prepared by the 
Bank’s Risk Management department.  Short-term liquidity risk management focuses on events that 
can impact upon the Bank’s liquidity position from one day up to three months.  Structural liquidity 
positions focus on events affecting the Group’s long-term liquidity position.  The primary objective is 
to maintain an adequate ratio between total liabilities and medium or long-term assets, with a view of 
avoiding pressures on short-term sources (both current and future), while optimising the cost of funding.
According to the BRSA communiqué on liquidity, banks have to meet an 80% liquidity ratio 
of foreign assets/liabilities and a 100% liquidity ratio of total assets/liabilities for weekly and monthly 
time brackets.  The risk management department performs the calculation of the above-mentioned ratios 
on a daily basis and shares the results with the Treasury department and the Bank’s senior management.  
Further description of the applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Liquidity Reserve Requirement”.
A significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of deposits and funds borrowed.  As 
of 31 December 2020, deposits constituted 54.35%  of the Bank’s total liabilities and, of all deposits,

--- Page 257 ---
243
95.97%  had maturities of three months or less.  As of 31 December 2020, loans and receivables 
constituted 60.12% of the Bank’s total assets and, of all loans and receivables, 24.10% had maturities 
of three months or less. 
The following tables set forth the Group’s breakdown of non-derivative financial liabilities 
according to their remaining contractual maturities as of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018, respectively, in TL thousands:
As of 31 December 2020
Demand and 
up to 1 month
1 – 3 months
3 – 
12 months
1 – 5 years
Above 
5 years
Total
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities
Deposits...................................................................
219,763,891
34,537,750
8,692,009
1,906,910
230,820
265,131,380
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions...
4,459,153
3,991,324
28,601,432
9,087,537
1,899,123
48,038,569
Financial liabilities fair value tgrough profit and 
loss
213,567
853,984
9,173,905
7,480,998
17,722,454
Funds from money market ......................................
27,491,897
440,197
1,647,841
944,206
-
30,524,141
Subordinated loans..................................................
331,011
256,087
1,298,043
23,108,191
5,066,769
30,060,101
Marketable securities issued ...................................
2,071,926
2,204,731
1,624,939
19,352,017
241,407
25,495,020
Total........................................................................
254,117,878
41,643,656
42,718,248
63,572,766
14,919,117
416,971,665
As of 31 December 2019
Demand and 
up to 1 month
1 – 3 months
3 – 
12 months
1 – 5 years
Above 
5 years
Total
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities
Deposits...................................................................
191,729,202
28,743,361
9,809,052
2,306,455
277,572
232,865,642
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions...
4,075,472
2,898,630
31,116,997
5,472,176
3,652,534
47,215,809
Funds from money market ......................................
5,209,797
321,037
794,202
—
—
6,325,036
Subordinated loans..................................................
298,587
208,129
997,530
19,510,304
4,647,788
25,662,338
Marketable securities issued ...................................
3,317,098
3,657,316
2,469,354
16,470,672
621,668
26,536,108
Total........................................................................
204,630,156
35,968,774
45,871,504
46,615,523
11,867,468
344,953,425
As of 31 December 2018
Demand and 
up to 1 month
1 – 
3 months
3 – 
12 months
1 – 5 years
Above 
5 years
Total
(TL, thousands)
Liabilities
Deposits
.................................................................................
161,540,983
37,838,275
11,319,874
2,595,039 
195,126
213,489,297
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions
.................................................................................
5,082,465
6,125,162
24,127,513
12,611,773
6,752,919
54,699,832
Funds from money market
.................................................................................
2,111,549
446,183
1,003,309
—
—
3,561,041
Subordinated loans
.................................................................................
—
204,319
622,570
13,598,201
3,189,421
17,614,511
Marketable securities issued
.................................................................................
958,512
2,495,592
3,860,371
13,298,497
3,020,060
23,633,032
Total
.................................................................................
169,693,509
47,109,531
40,933,637
42,103,510
13,157,526
312,997,713
Operational Risk Management
Operational risk is related to losses that arise as a result of inadequate or ineffective internal 
processes, personnel or systems or due to external events.  The operational risk management team 
monitors the Bank’s operational and reputational risk exposure in accordance with the Bank’s standards 
and policies, collects operational risk data in a web-based database, identifies risk indicators, conducts 
scenario analysis assessment, plans for business continuity management and assures the quality of data 
gathered in accordance with Basel II standards, proposes insurance hedging on operational risks, 
prepares risk mitigation plans and coordinates IT risk management activities.  The operational Risk

--- Page 258 ---
244
Management department performs second-level controls, and manages and measures the Bank’s 
operational risks.
The Bank’s objective is to implement the advanced measurement approaches of Basel II and 
related measurement systems in operational risk management.  As part of the Basel II operational risk 
project, the Bank has been collecting data on internal operational risk since 2004.  Data on internal 
losses are collected from various departments and branches using wed-based systems.  Scenario analysis 
studies for measuring and managing the impacts of unrealised potential operational risk have been 
performed since 2008.  Key risk indicator analyses have been performed to monitor current and 
potential operational risk exposure of the Bank since 2007.  A dedicated database was established for 
monitoring the trends of key risk indicators.  Moreover, a risk-based insurance management approach 
was used to seek to minimise main operational risks that the Bank is exposed to.  These actions have 
resulted in minimising internet fraud, enhancing the effectiveness of the risk transfer mechanism and 
helped senior management to better understand and monitor the main risk factors associated with 
banking activities.  Additionally, potential risk evaluations were made before launching new products 
and services and the findings were shared with related departments so that necessary measures could 
be taken.  Besides, both for IT and logistics purposes, the business continuity management activities 
and investments were accomplished and necessary tests were performed.
For regulatory and statutory capital adequacy ratio purposes, the Group calculated the amount 
subject to operational risk on a consolidated basis with the basic indicator method in accordance with 
Section 3 of “Regulation Regarding Measurement and Evaluation of Banks’ Capital Adequacy Ratio” 
published by the Official Gazette No. 29111 dated 6 September 2014, namely “The Calculation of the 
Amount Subject to Operational Risk”, based on the gross income of the Group for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the total amount subject to operational risk 
was calculated as TL 30,380,790  thousand, compared to TL 26,507,024 thousand as of 31 December 
2019 and TL 20,973,958 thousand as of 31 December 2018. 
As of 31 December 2020, the amount of the related capital requirement was TL 2,430,463  
thousand, compared to TL 2,120,562 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 1,677,917 thousand as 
of 31 December 2018. 
Capital Management
Banks in Turkey are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines published by the 
BRSA.  These capital adequacy guidelines are based on standards established by BIS.  These guidelines 
require banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and 
off-balance sheet exposures.
In accordance with the guidelines, banks must maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of a 
minimum of 8%, Tier 1 ratio of a minimum of 6% and CET 1 ratio of a minimum of 4.5%.  By taking 
into account banks’ internal systems, assets and financial structure, the BRSA is authorised to: (a) 
increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio; (b) set different ratios for each bank; and (c) determine a 
different calculation and submission period for the capital adequacy ratio for each bank.  If a bank’s 
capital adequacy ratio is below the ratio set by the BRSA, certain restrictions are imposed.
The Bank and its individually regulated operations were in compliance with all of the 
above-mentioned capital adequacy requirements as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 259 ---
245
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated:
As of 31 
December 
2020
As of 31 
December 
2019
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
Paid-up Capital
..................................................................................................................................................................
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
Share issue premiums
..................................................................................................................................................................
556,937 
556,937 
Retained earnings
..................................................................................................................................................................
29,459,139 
25,884,402 
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the 
Turkish Accounting Standards
..........................................................................................................................................................
6,193,055 
4,515,991 
Profit
..................................................................................................................................................................
6,719,472 
5,240,014 
Net profit of the period
..................................................................................................................................................................
5,079,518 
3,600,060 
Profit of the previous years
..................................................................................................................................................................
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships and 
which cannot be recognised within profit for the period
..........................................................................................................................................................
14,779 
9,093 
Minority interest
..................................................................................................................................................................
807 
687 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments
..................................................................................................................................................................
51,391,240
44,654,175
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments
Prudential valuation adjustments
..................................................................................................................................................................
86,371 
82,259 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed 
by the retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS
..........................................................................................................................................................
2,700,221 
1,825,733 
Improvement costs for operating leasing
..................................................................................................................................................................
113,341 
130,170 
Goodwill (net of related tax liability)
..................................................................................................................................................................
979,493 
979,493 
Other intangibles other than mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability)
..................................................................................................................................................................
931,053 
868,508 
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary 
differences (net of related tax liability)
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Cash flow hedge reserve 
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Securitisation gain on sale
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Investments in own shares
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Article 56 of the Banking Law
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-

--- Page 260 ---
246
As of 31 
December 
2020
As of 31 
December 
2019
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold)
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the 
issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold)
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold)
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related 
tax liability)
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in  paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds)
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance 
entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, 
where the bank owns more than 10% of the issued share capital
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 and 
Tier 2 to cover deductions
..........................................................................................................................................................
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1
..................................................................................................................................................................
4,810,479
3,886,163
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1)
..................................................................................................................................................................
46,580,761
40,768,012
Additional Tier 1 Capital
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue 
premiums
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA
..................................................................................................................................................................
4,771,325
3,861,130
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA (For 
the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds)
..........................................................................................................................................................
4,771,325
3,861,130
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments
-
-
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold)
..........................................................................................................................................................
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions)
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-

--- Page 261 ---
247
As of 31 
December 
2020
As of 31 
December 
2019
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the transition 
period
-
-
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not be deducted 
from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the 
Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
purposes of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds (-)
..........................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Total Additional Tier 1 capital
..................................................................................................................................................................
4,771,325
3,861,130
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 
capital)
..........................................................................................................................................................
51,352,086
44,629,142
Tier 2 Capital
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency
..................................................................................................................................................................
6,980,701 
6,817,423 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency (For 
the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds)
..........................................................................................................................................................
322,028 
492,467 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier 1 Capital
..................................................................................................................................................................
   
- 
 - 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier 1 Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3)
..................................................................................................................................................................
   
- 
 - 
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks)
..................................................................................................................................................................
4,269,686 
2,896,894 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments
11,572,415
10,206,784
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-)
..................................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 - 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank’s Tier 2 and components of equity issued 
by financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8
..................................................................................................................................................................
141,561
112,694
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-)
..........................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 - 
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-)
..........................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 - 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital
..................................................................................................................................................................
141,561
112,694
Total Tier 2 capital
..................................................................................................................................................................
11,430,854
10,094,090
Total Capital (the sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital)
..................................................................................................................................................................
62,740,741
54,683,723
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital)
..................................................................................................................................................................
5,591 
4,337 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law
..................................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 -

--- Page 262 ---
248
As of 31 
December 
2020
As of 31 
December 
2019
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in the Article 57, 
Clause 1 of the Banking Law and the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and held 
for Sale but Retained more than Five Years (2)……………………………………
..........................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 - 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the 
BRSA………………………
36,608 
35,172
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the transition 
period
 - 
 - 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) which 
will not be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 
capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation 
on Banks’ Own Funds (-)
..........................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 - 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short 
positions (amount above 10% threshold) which will not be deducted from Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-
paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)
..........................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 - 
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that are 
outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions (amount above 10% 
threshold), mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred tax assets arising 
from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which 
will not be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-
paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)
..........................................................................................................................................................
 - 
 - 
Own Funds
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital)
..........................................................................................................................................................
62,571,136
54,683,723
Total Risk Weighted Assets
..................................................................................................................................................................
362,826,562
326,754,145
Capital Adequacy Ratios
..................................................................................................................................................................
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)
..................................................................................................................................................................
12.84
12.48
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)
..................................................................................................................................................................
14.15
13.66
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)
..................................................................................................................................................................
17.25
16.74
Buffers
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank
..................................................................................................................................................................
3.551
4.049
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%)
..................................................................................................................................................................
2.500
2.500
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%)
..................................................................................................................................................................
0.051
0.049
Systemically important Bank buffer (%)
..................................................................................................................................................................
1.000
1.500
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first 
paragraph of  Article 4 of the Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital 
buffers to Risk Weighted Assets (%)
..........................................................................................................................................................
8.153
7.658
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting)
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials
..................................................................................................................................................................
Significant investments in the common stock of financials
..................................................................................................................................................................
1,562,641
1,213,663

--- Page 263 ---
249
As of 31 
December 
2020
As of 31 
December 
2019
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability)
..................................................................................................................................................................
-
-
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability)
..................................................................................................................................................................
4,482,337
3,025,366
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital
General provisions for standard- based receivables (before 10,025 limitation)
..................................................................................................................................................................
11,990,560
6,595,432
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the standard 
approach is used
..........................................................................................................................................................
4,269,686
3,713,967
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based 
Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation
..........................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk-weighted receivables of credit risk Amount 
of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation
..........................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Capital instruments subject to phase out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan 2018 
and 1 Jan 2022)
..........................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which are subject to phase out arrangements in 
the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
..........................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which is 
subject to the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
..........................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which are subject to phase out arrangements in the 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
..........................................................................................................................................................
322,028
492,467
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which is 
subject to the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
..........................................................................................................................................................
6,326,953
4,993,118

--- Page 264 ---
250
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 31 
December 2019 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated:
As of 31 
December 
2019
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
Paid-up Capital.................................................................................................................................
8,447,051
—
Share issue premiums.......................................................................................................................
556,937
—
Retained earnings.............................................................................................................................
25,884,402
—
Accumulated othercomprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the 
Turkish Accounting Standards.........................................................................................................
4,515,991
—
Profit ................................................................................................................................................
5,240,014
—
Net profit of the period.....................................................................................................................
3,600,060
—
Profit of the previous years......................................................................................................................
1,639,954
—
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships 
and cannot be recognised within profit for the period...............................................................
9,093
—
Minority interest ..............................................................................................................................
687
—
Common Equity Tie r 1 capital before regulatory adjustments................................................
44,654,175
—
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments
Prudential valuation adjustments .....................................................................................................
82,259
—
The sum of thenet loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed 
by the retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS
1,825,733
—
Improvement costs for operating leasing .........................................................................................
130,170
—
Goodwill (net of related tax liability)...............................................................................................
979,493
979,493
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability).......................
868,508
667,171
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary 
differences (net of related tax liability) ..................................................................................
—
Cash-flowhedge reserve ..................................................................................................................
—
—
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses........................................................................................
—
—
Securitisation gain on sale................................................................................................................
—
—
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities ..................................
—
—
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets ..........................................................................................
—
—
Investments in own shares ...............................................................................................................
—
—
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law ..................
—
—
Investments in thecapital of banking, financial and insuranceentities that are outside thescopeof 
regulatory consolidation, net ofeligible short positions, where thebank does not own more than 
10% of the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) .................................................
—
—
Investments in thecapital of banking, financial and insuranceentities that are outside thescopeof 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where thebank owns more than 10% 
ofthe issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) ........................................................
—
—
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold)..............................................................
—
—
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of 
related tax liability) ...................................................................................................................
—
—
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 
of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ................................................................................
—
—
The amount abovethreshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance 
entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net ofeligible short positions, 
where thebank owns more than 10% of the issued share capital ...............................................
—
—
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights.............................................................
—
—
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences...............
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA........................
—
—
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 
and Tier 2 to cover deductions ..................................................................................................
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1............................................................
3,886,163
—
Common Equity Tie r 1 capital (C ET1)......................................................................................
40,768,012
—
Additional Tier 1 Capital .................................................................................................................
—
—
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue 
premiums..........................................................................................................................................
—
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA
3,861,130
—

--- Page 265 ---
251
As of 31 
December 
2019
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that areapproved by the BRSA 
(For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ......
—
—
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments..................................................................
—
—
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments............................................................................
—
—
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments..........................................................................
—
—
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments............................................................
—
—
Investments in thecapital of banking, financial and insuranceentities that are outside thescopeof 
regulatory consolidation, net ofeligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold).............
—
—
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) .............................................
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA........................
—
—
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deductedfrom Tier 1 capital during the transition 
period...............................................................................................................................................
—
—
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional 
Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)..................................................................
—
—
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
purposes of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own 
Funds (-)...............................................................................................................................
—
—
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions.
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital ........................................................
—
—
Total Additional Tie r 1 capital ....................................................................................................
3,861,130
—
Total Tier 1 capital (Tie r 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 
capital)......................................................................................................................................
44,629,142
—
Tier 2 Capital
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency .....
6,817,423
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that areapproved by the Agency 
(For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) .............
492,467
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital ........................................................................
—
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ................
—
—
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) ...................................................
2,896,894
—
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments ..............................................................................
10,206,784
—
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments.........................................................................................
—
—
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) .....................................
—
—
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank's Tier 2 and components of equity issued by 
financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8........................................................
112,694
—
Investments in thecapital of banking, financial and insuranceentities that are outside thescopeof 
regulatory consolidation, net ofeligible short positions, where thebank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-) .
—
—
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that areoutside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-) ......................................
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA........................
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital............................................................................
112,694
—
Total Tier 2 capital ........................................................................................................................
10,094,090
—
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital).....................................................
54,683,723
—
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tie r 2 Capital (Total Capital) .................................................
—
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law .................
4,337
—
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in the Article 57, 
Clause 1 of the Banking Lawand the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and held for 
Sale but Retained more than Five Years (2)........................................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA........................
35,172
—
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deductedfrom Total Capital during the transition 
period........................................................................................................................................
—
Investments in thecapital of banking, financial and insuranceentities that are outside thescopeof 
regulatory consolidation, net ofeligible short positions, where thebank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital ofthe entity (amount abovethe 10% threshold) 
which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 
—
—

--- Page 266 ---
252
As of 31 
December 
2019
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation 
on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ..........................................................................................................
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital ofbanking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside thescopeof regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short 
positions (amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 
capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of 
the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-).....................................
—
—
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insuranceentities that are 
outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net ofeligible short positions(amount above 10% 
threshold), mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred tax assets arising 
from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net ofrelated tax liability) which 
will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph 
of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)....................................
—
—
Own Funds
 
 —
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tie r 2 capital)....................................................
54,683,723
—
Total Risk Weighted Assets...........................................................................................................
326,754,145
—
Capital Adequacy Ratios ..............................................................................................................
—
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio(%) ................................................
12.48
—
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)............................................................................
13.66
—
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%) .....................................................................................
16.74
—
Buffers
—
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank .........................................................................
4.049
—
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%)...................................................................................
2.500
—
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) .................................................................
0.049
—
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by thefirst paragraph 
ofthe Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital buffers to 
Risk Weighted Assets (%) ........................................................................................................
1.500
—
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) ......................................
7.658
—
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials.........................................................
—
—
Significant investments in the common stock of financials.............................................................
—
—
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ...................................................................
1,213,663
—
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability) .....................
—
—
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tie r 2 capital...............................................
3,025,366
—
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation)................................
—
—
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions forreceivables where 
thestandard approach used ........................................................................................................
6,595,432
—
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based 
Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation ........................................
3,713,967
—
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables ofcredit risk 
Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the 
Calculation ................................................................................................................................
—
—
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables ofcredit risk 
Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the 
Calculation ................................................................................................................................
—
—
Capital instruments subjectto phase-out arrangements (only applicablebetween 1 Jan 2018 
and 1 Jan 2022) ...................................................................................................................
—
—
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in 
the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds..........................................
—
—
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) 
which subject to Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds.....................
—
—
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds................................................
—
—
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess overcap after redemptions and maturities) which 
subject to Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ...............................
492,467
—
_____________
(1)
The specified amounts are the figures calculated for the items subject to thephasing.
(2)
According to the “Regulation Regarding changes on Regulation on Banks’ Shareholders’ Equity” published in Official Gazette 
No .30121 on July 11, 2017, the related article has been abolished.

--- Page 267 ---
253
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis 
as of 31 December 2018 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated:
As of 31 
December 2018
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
Paid-up Capital
................................................................................................................................................................
8,447,051
—
Share issue premiums
................................................................................................................................................................
556,937
—
Retained earnings
................................................................................................................................................................
21,216,976
—
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which are defined in the 
Turkish Accounting Standards
................................................................................................................................................................
5,647,070
—
Profit
................................................................................................................................................................
6,307,380
—
Net profit of the period
................................................................................................................................................................
4,667,426
—
Profit of the previous years
................................................................................................................................................................
1,639,954
—
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships and 
which cannot be recognised within profit for the period
................................................................................................................................................................
6,331
—
Minority interest
................................................................................................................................................................
611
—
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments
................................................................................................................................................................
42,182,356
—
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments
Prudential valuation adjustments
................................................................................................................................................................
54,299
—
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed 
by the retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS
................................................................................................................................................................
3,175,078
—
Improvement costs for operating leasing
................................................................................................................................................................
107,326
—
Goodwill (net of related tax liability)
................................................................................................................................................................
979,493
979,493
Other intangibles other than mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability)
................................................................................................................................................................
789,064
667,171
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary 
differences (net of related tax liability)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
Cash flow hedge reserve 
................................................................................................................................................................
1,513,584
—
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Securitisation gain on sale
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Investments in own shares
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—

--- Page 268 ---
254
As of 31 
December 2018
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Article 56 of the Banking Law
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold)
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the 
issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related 
tax liability)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in  paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance 
entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where 
the bank owns more than 10% of the issued share capital
................................................................................................................................................................
1,068,032
—
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 and 
Tier 2 to cover deductions
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1
................................................................................................................................................................
7,686,876
—
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1)
................................................................................................................................................................
34,495,480
—
Additional Tier 1 Capital
—
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue 
premiums
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA (For 
the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments
—
—
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—

--- Page 269 ---
255
As of 31 
December 2018
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside 
the scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the transition 
period
—
—
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not be deducted 
from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional 
Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
purposes of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds 
(-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Total Additional Tier 1 capital
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 
capital)
................................................................................................................................................................
34,495,480
—
Tier 2 Capital
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency
................................................................................................................................................................
7,070,650
—
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency 
(For the purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds)
................................................................................................................................................................
711,040
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier 1 Capital
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier 1 Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks)
................................................................................................................................................................
2,720,587
—
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments
10,502,278
—
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments 
—
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank’s Tier 2 and components of equity issued 
by financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8
................................................................................................................................................................
87,791
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside 
the scope of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital
................................................................................................................................................................
87,791
—

--- Page 270 ---
256
As of 31 
December 2018
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
Total Tier 2 capital
................................................................................................................................................................
10,414,487
—
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital)
................................................................................................................................................................
44,866,207
—
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital)
....................................................................................................................
—
—
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law
................................................................................................................................................................
4,893
—
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in  Article 57, Clause 
1 of the Banking Law and the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and held for Sale but 
Retained more than Five Years (2)……………………………………
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the 
BRSA………………………
38,866
—
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the transition 
period
—
—
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 
10% of the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) which will 
not be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 capital 
for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ 
Own Funds (-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short 
positions (amount above 10% threshold) which will not be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 
capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of 
the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that are 
outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions (amount above 10% 
threshold), mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), and deferred tax assets arising 
from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which will 
not be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of 
the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Own Funds
—
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital)
................................................................................................................................................................
44,866,207
—
Total Risk Weighted Assets
................................................................................................................................................................
302,881,004
—
Capital Adequacy Ratios
................................................................................................................................................................
—
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)
................................................................................................................................................................
11.39
—
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)
................................................................................................................................................................
11.39
—
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)
................................................................................................................................................................
14.81
—
Buffers
—
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank
................................................................................................................................................................
3.042
—
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%)
................................................................................................................................................................
1.875
—
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%)
................................................................................................................................................................
0.042
—

--- Page 271 ---
257
As of 31 
December 2018
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1)
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first 
paragraph of  Article 4 of the Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital 
buffers to Risk Weighted Assets (%)
................................................................................................................................................................
5.389
—
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting)
—
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Significant investments in the common stock of financials
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability)
................................................................................................................................................................
2,576,876
—
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital
—
General provisions for standard-based receivables (before 10,025 limitation)
................................................................................................................................................................
5,355,077
—
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the standard 
approach is used
................................................................................................................................................................
3,487,932
—
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based 
Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk-weighted receivables of credit risk 
Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the 
Calculation
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Capital instruments subject to phase out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan 2018 
and 1 Jan 2022)
................................................................................................................................................................
—
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which are subject to phase out arrangements in 
the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which is 
subject to the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which are subject to phase out arrangements in the 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which is 
subject to the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds
................................................................................................................................................................
—
—
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a current 
transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation, and is best evidenced by 
the quoted market price, if available.
The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined by the Group with the 
use of available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies.  However, judgement is 
necessarily required to interpret market data in order to develop the estimated fair value.  Accordingly, 
the estimated fair value presented in this Base Prospectus is not necessarily indicative of the amount the 
Group could realise in a current market exchange transaction.

--- Page 272 ---
258
The table below indicates the carrying and estimated fair value of the financial assets and 
liabilities, which are not presented on the Group’s balance sheet at their estimated fair value.
As of 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Carrying 
value
Fair value
Carrying 
value
Fair value
Carrying 
value
Fair value
Financial assets:
Due from money markets.................
1,700,842
1,700,842
10,803,630
10,803,630
117,231
117,231
Banks................................................
16,485,974
17,242,338
27,211,788
28,003,202
5,269,563
5,280,916
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income.......................................
25,100,560
25,100,560
26,900,612
26,900,612
26,939,541
26,939,541
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost............................
53,028,224
54,582,472
29,608,137
28,863,097
22,805,679
27,598,896
Loans ................................................
317,211,755
320,175,861
262,653,227
269,052,429
234,967,956
238,815,551
Financial liabilities:
Bank deposits ...................................
5,083,262
5,087,607
5,057,775
5,059,558
10,407,301
10,407,301
Other deposits...................................
259,327,006
259,442,519
226,013,922
225,912,616
199,884,172
199,842,689
Funds borrowed from other 
financial institutions..................
46,424,693
45,373,495
46,263,167
45,144,765
47,072,002
46,902,531
Financial liabilities fair value through 
profit and loss
12,555,789
12,555,789
13,184,605
13,184,605
-
-
Subordinated loans ...........................
22,655,054
24,273,721
18,580,039
20,399,518
13,557,153
13,596,916
Marketable securities issued.............
24,628,361
24,265,403
25,221,191
25,722,756
21,442,203
21,363,593
Miscellaneous payables....................
15,463,400
15,463,400
14,697,241
14,697,241
14,662,414
14,662,414
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Group’s 
financial instruments:
Banks, Bank deposits and Funds borrowed from other financial institutions
The fair values of banks, bank deposits and funds borrowed from other financial institutions 
are determined by calculating the discounted cash flows using the current market interest rates.
Held-to-maturity assets
The fair value of held-to-maturity assets is determined based on market prices or, when these 
prices are unavailable, based on market prices quoted for other securities subject to the same redemption 
qualifications in terms of interest, maturity and other similar conditions.
Loans
The expected fair value of loans and receivables is determined by calculating the discounted 
cash flows using the current market interest rates for the loans with fixed interest rates.  For the loans 
with floating interest rates (such as overdrafts and credit card receivables), it is assumed that the carrying 
value approaches the fair value.
Available-for-sale financial assets
Available-for-sale financial assets are subsequently re-measured at fair value.  When fair values 
based on market prices cannot be obtained reliably, the available-for-sale financial assets are carried at 
fair values determined by using alternative models.  Available-for-sale equity securities which are not 
quoted in a market, and the fair values of which cannot be determined reliably, are carried at cost less 
any impairment.

--- Page 273 ---
259
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value
The following table presents assets and liabilities at fair value as of 31 December 2020 in 
TL thousands.
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial assets where fair value change is reflected to income 
statement.....................................................................................
286,991 
161,328 
228,446 
676,765 
Financial assets where fair value change is reflected to other 
comprehensive income statement...............................................
22,992,471 
2,086,636 
 - 
25,079,107 
Derivative financial assets .................................................................
 - 
5,770,100 
-
5,770,100 
Total assets........................................................................................
23,279,462 
8,018,064 
228,446 
31,525,972 
Derivative financial liabilities............................................................
 - 
10,593,179 
 - 
10,593,179 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss......................
 - 
12,555,789 
 - 
12,555,789 
Total liabilities..................................................................................
 - 
23,148,968 
 - 
23,148,968 
Risk Committees
Within the Bank, risk management is performed by the Asset and Liability Management 
function within the Executive Committee and the Credit Committee.
The Credit Committee is responsible for: (a) determining lending guidelines in line with the 
credit policy, economic objectives and the overall risk profile of the credit portfolio of the Bank; 
(b) granting loans within certain set limits or advising the Board with respect to granting loans 
exceeding such limits; (c) defining restructuring terms for overdue loans within certain set limits or 
advising the Board on the same with respect to loans exceeding such limits; and (d) performing other 
functions assigned to it by the Board.  The Credit Committee consists of four principal members and 
two substitute members, namely: the CEO, the Deputy CEO and two members of the Board, and the 
Vice Chairman and one member of the Board, respectively.  The Risk Management Assistant General 
Manager attends the meetings by invitation.  The Credit Committee meets on a weekly basis.
The decisions of the Credit Committee become immediately effective in the case of a 
unanimous vote.  Otherwise, decisions of the Credit Committee require a majority approval from the 
Board.
The Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee is responsible 
for: (i) determining the Bank’s structural risk management guidelines and policies; (ii) defining risk 
profile management strategies, and ensuring their compliance with the Board’s guidelines in terms of 
risk appetite; (iii) optimising the level of risk that the Bank is exposed to within the guidelines set by 
the Board; (iv) defining risk limits; (v) defining operational principles of risk management and approval 
of risk measurement and control models; and (vi) maintaining an overview of credit, market and 
operational risks.  The decisions of the Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive 
Committee are made by unanimous vote of its permanent members.  Such permanent members include 
the CEO, the Deputy CEO, the CFO, the Treasury Department Assistant General Manager and the Risk 
Management Assistant General Manager.  In addition, heads of other business units as members of the 
Executive Committee also regularly attend meetings of the Asset and Liability Management function 
within the Executive Committee, including the Corporate and Commercial Banking Assistant General 
Manager, the Retail Banking Assistant General Manager, and the Retail Banking Sales Assistant 
General Manager.  The Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee 
usually meets on a weekly basis but in any case not less frequently than once a month.

--- Page 274 ---
260
MANAGEMENT
The Bank is managed by its Board of Directors, its General Manager and its senior 
management.
Board of Directors
Pursuant to the Bank’s articles of association, the Board is responsible for the Bank’s 
management.  The Bank’s articles of association stipulate that the Board should consist of a minimum 
of eight members elected by the General Assembly, with the General Manager holding a board seat, as 
required by the Banking Law.  The Board is currently composed of 10 directors.  Each director is 
appointed for a maximum term of three years.  The business address of each of the directors is Yapı 
Kredi Plaza D Blok, Levent 34330, Istanbul, Turkey.
The following table sets forth certain information regarding each member of the Board as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name
Position
Ali Y. Koç................................................................................................................
Chairman
Levent Çakıroğlu .....................................................................................................
Vice Chairman
Gökhan Erün............................................................................................................
Executive 
Member and 
CEO
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu................................................................................................
Member
A. Ümit Taftalı.........................................................................................................
Member
Wolfgang Schilk ......................................................................................................
Member
Niccoló Ubertalli .....................................................................................................
Member
Ahmet Çimenoğlu....................................................................................................
Member 
(Independent)
Virma Sökmen.........................................................................................................
Member 
(Independent)
Nevin İmamoğlu İpek..............................................................................................
Member 
(Independent)
Ali Y. KOÇ, Chairman of the Board of Directors
Ali Y. Koç graduated from Rice University in Business Administration and completed his MBA 
degree at Harvard Business School.  Between 1990 and 1991, he attended the American Express Bank 
Management Trainee programme.  Between 1992 and 1994, he worked as an Analyst at Morgan Stanley 
Investment Bank.  Between 1997 and 2006, Mr. Koç held various senior level positions at Koç Holding 
such as the New Business Development Coordinator and President of the Information Technology 
Group.  Between 2006 and 2010, he was the President of the Corporate Communications and 
Information Technology Group.  Mr. Koç has been a Board Member of Koç Holding since January 
2008 and was named Vice Chairman in February 2016.  He is also the Chairman of various Koç Group 
companies.  Additionally, Mr. Koç contributes to the country’s social and economic development by 
serving as President of the Fenerbahçe Sports Club, a Board Member at URAK (International 
Competition Research Association) and as a Board Member at Endeavor Association and at DEİK 
(Foreign Economic Relations Board).  He is also the Vice Chairman of TÜSİAD (Turkish Industry and 
Business Association) and a Member of the Global Advisory Council of Bank of America, Harvard

--- Page 275 ---
261
University and Council on Foreign Relations (CFR).  Mr. Koç has been Board Chairman of Yapı Kredi 
and Koç Financial Services since April 2016. 
Levent ÇAKIROĞLU, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Levent Çakıroğlu graduated from Ankara University Faculty of Political Sciences, Business 
Administration Department and received his master’s degree from University of Illinois.  He started his 
professional life in the Ministry of Finance in 1988.  Between 1997 and 1998, he taught as part-time 
instructor at Bilkent University and served as Vice President of the Financial Crimes Investigation 
Board at the Ministry of Finance.  Mr. Çakıroğlu joined Koç Group in 1998 as Koç Holding Financial 
Group Coordinator.  He was the General Manager of Koçtaş between 2002 and 2007, the CEO of 
Migros between 2007 and 2008, the CEO of Arçelik between 2008 and 2015 and the President of the 
Durable Goods Group of Koç Holding A.Ş. between 2010 and 2015.  Mr. Çakıroğlu was appointed as 
the Deputy CEO of Koç Holding in February 2015 and he took over the CEO post in April 2015.  In 
addition to being a Board Member at Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services since April 2015, Mr. 
Çakiroğlu is also a Board Member of various Koç Group Companies.
Gökhan ERÜN, Executive Director and CEO
Gökhan Erün earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul Technical University Department of 
Electronics and Communications Engineering and his graduate degree from Yeditepe University in 
Business Administration. In 1994, Mr. Erün began his career at the Garanti Bank Treasury Department 
in 1994. Between 1999 and 2004, he served as the Senior Vice President of Commercial Marketing and 
Sales Department. After becoming the CEO of Garanti Pension and Life in 2004, he was appointed as 
Executive Vice President of Garanti Bank in September 2005. Mr. Erün served as the Deputy CEO of 
Garanti Bank since September 2015, in charge of Corporate Banking Coordination, Treasury, Treasury 
Marketing and Financial Solutions, Derivatives, Cash Management and Transaction Banking, and 
Financial Institutions. He also held positions in the Boards of various Garanti Bank subsidiaries. As of 
January 2018, Mr. Erün has continued his career in Yapı Kredi as Executive Director in the Board of 
Directors and as Chief Executive Officer (CEO). In addition, Mr. Erün is the CEO of Koç Financial 
Services and holds positions in the Boards of various Yapı Kredi Group subsidiaries.
Ahmet F. ASHABOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors 
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Tufts University and a Master’s 
of Science degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Mechanical Engineering. In 
1994, he began his career as a Research Assistant at MIT. Between 1996 and 1999, Mr. Ashaboğlu held 
various positions in capital markets within UBS Warburg, New York. Between 1999 and 2003, he 
worked as a Consultant at McKinsey & Company, New York. In 2003, Mr. Ashaboğlu joined Koç 
Holding as Finance Group Coordinator. Since 2006, he has been serving as the CFO of Koç Holding. 
In addition to being a Board Member at Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services since September 2005, 
Mr. Ashaboğlu is also a Board Member at Yapı Kredi Koray Real Estate Investment Trust and various 
Koç Group Companies.
A. Ümit TAFTALI, Member of the Board of Directors 
A. Ümit Taftalı earned his bachelor’s degree in Finance from Ball State University (Indiana) 
and his MBA degree from the University of South Carolina.  He also participated in senior executive 
programmes at Harvard University.  Mr. Taftalı is an investment banker and wealth manager with over 
30 years of international experience.  He has worked in executive positions in Atlanta, New York and 
London for Merrill Lynch & Company, Bankers Trust Company and Goldman Sachs International.  Mr. 
Taftalı has been representing and advising Mrs. Suna (Koç) Kıraç since 2001 and is a Member of the 
Koç Holding Executive Committee.  He is also Board Chairman of Kare Portföy.  Mr. Taftalı is or has 
been Board/Founding Member of various philanthropic and professional organisations such as Suna-
İnan Kıraç Foundation, Educational Volunteers Foundation of Turkey (TESEV), Turkish Industrialists 
and Businessmen Association (TÜSİAD), Saint Joseph Educational Foundation, Educational

--- Page 276 ---
262
Volunteers Foundation of Turkey (TEGV), Galatasaray Sport Club, American Finance Association 
(USA), Financial Management Association (USA), Museum of American Financial History (USA), 
Ball State University Foundation (USA), Turkish Bankers Association (UK), and University of South 
Carolina Foundation (USA).  Mr. Taftalı has been a Board Member of Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial 
Services since April 2016.
Wolfgang SCHILK, Member of the Board of Directors 
Wolfgang Schilk graduated from University of Wien Law School in 1992 and completed a 
postgraduate management trainee programme at Creditanstalt-Bankverein (CA-BV).  Between 1994 
and 1996, he worked at CA-BV as the Restructuring and Workout Manager responsible for Corporate 
Banking.  Between 1996 and 2004, Mr. Schilk worked as the Head of Credit Unit at Bank Austria 
Creditanstalt.  In 2004, he became the Head of Regional Office responsible for Corporate Banking.  In 
2006, he worked as the Head of Regional Office responsible for Private and SME segments.  Between 
2007 and 2010, he was the Head of Risk Management responsible for Private and SME segments in 
Bank Austria.  Between 2010 and 2016, Mr. Schilk served as the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) of Yapı 
Kredi.  In September 2016, he was appointed as UniCredit S.p.A. Chief Risk Officer for Central and 
Eastern Europe (CEE) region.  In addition to being a Board Member at Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial 
Services since October 2016, Mr. Schilk is also Supervisory Board Member at UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic & Slovakia and Zagrebacka Banka. 
Niccolò UBERTALLI, Member of the Board of Directors
Niccolo Ubertalli graduated from Politecnico di Torino (Turin, Italy) with a Bachelor’s Degree 
in Material Engineering in 1996 and received his Master’s in Business Administration from Owen 
Graduate School of Management at Vanderbilt University (Tennessee, USA) in 2000. During his 
graduate program, he worked at Teksid Aluminum Foundry as Program Manager and Process Engineer. 
In 2000, Mr. Ubertalli moved to Milan (Italy) and worked at McKinsey as Senior Associate until 2002. 
Between 2002 and 2004, he worked at UniCredit Clarima as Director of Major Relations Divisions. 
Between 2004 and 2006, Ubertalli worked at MBNA (USA and UK) as First Vice President. Between 
2006 and 2009, Mr. Ubertalli relocated to Bulgaria to work at UniCredit Consumer Financing as 
Chairman and Executive Director. In 2009, he moved back to Italy and continued his career at UniCredit 
S.p.A. as the Chief of Staff for Group CEO and between 2011 and 2012, as the Head of Group Consumer 
Finance. In 2012, he moved to Romania and assumed the position of Deputy CEO at UniCredit Tiriac 
Bank. During his time there between 2012 and 2015, he was a Member of Management Board for 
UniCredit Tiriac as well as Member of Supervisory Boards for Pioneer Investments, UniCredit 
Consumer Finance Bulgaria, UniCredit Consumer Finance Romania and Ergo Asigurari de Viata S.A. 
Romania. Since February 2015, Mr. Ubertalli has continued his career in Yapı Kredi as Executive 
Director in Board of Directors and Deputy Chief Executive Officer (CEO). In addition, Mr. Ubertalli 
served as the Deputy CEO of Koç Financial Services and holds positions in the Boards of various Yapı 
Kredi Group subsidiaries until July 2019. 
Ahmet ÇİMENOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent)
Ahmet Çimenoğlu graduated from the Department of Economics at Boğaziçi University in 
1992.  He started his professional life as an economist at Yapı Kredi in 1995, after completing his MA 
in Economics at Boğaziçi University, Istanbul.  He received his PhD degree in economics at Istanbul 
Technical University in 2002.  He worked as the Chief Economist, and Head of Strategic Planning and 
Research, at Yapı Kredi, between July 2004 and February 2009.  In March 2009, he joined Koç Holding 
as the Head of Economic Research.  He is currently the Chief Economist of Koç Holding.  Mr. 
Çimenoğlu has been serving as a Board member at Koç Financial Services and Yapı Kredi since March 
2019.

--- Page 277 ---
263
Virma SÖKMEN, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent)
Virma Sökmen has a Bachelor’s degree in Finance from LaSalle University.  She began her 
professional career at the research and investment banking departments of Körfezbank and Çarşı 
Menkul Degerler.  Between 1993 and 2001, she worked at Midland Bank A.S. as a Credit Analyst.  
Between 2001 and 2010, she served as Corporate Banking Group President and an Executive Vice 
President of Corporate and Commercial Banking at HSBC.  Ms. Sökmen managed corporate banking, 
commercial banking foreign trade and provision management, factoring, corporate and commercial 
insurance, corporate marketing and cash management units since 2010.  Ms. Sökmen also served as the 
Assistant General Manager, responsible for Corporate and Commercial Banking, at HSBC.  Since 2016, 
Ms. Sökmen has been a Managing Partner at Credia Partners.  Ms. Sökmen has been a Board Member 
of Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services since March 2019.
Nevin İMAMOĞLU İPEK, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent)
Nevin İmamoğlu İpek graduated from Ankara University, Faculty of Political Sciences, 
Department of Business Administration in 1993 and she earned an MBA degree at the same university 
in 1997 and a Master of Accounting degree at the University of Michigan in 2001. Ms. İpek began her 
career at the Capital Markets Board of Turkey and served as Assistant to Expert between 1997 and 
2005, Deputy Head of Corporate Finance Department between 2005 and 2006 and Head of Institutional 
Investors Department between 2006 and 2007. She joined the Koç Group in 2007 and still is serving as 
Finance Coordinator responsible for compliance with securities regulations. She is also heading the 
Capital Markets Working Group in TÜSİAD from 2013. Nevin İmamoğlu İpek has been a Board 
Member of Yapı Kredi and Koç Financial Services since February 2020.
Senior Management
The current members of the Bank’s senior management and their areas of responsibility are as 
follows:
Name
Position
Responsibility
Gökhan Erün........................................
BOD Member/CEO
General Manager
Abdullah Geçer....................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Internal Audit/Chief Audit Executive
Akif Cahit Erdogan..............................
Assistant General 
Manager
Information Technologies and Operation Management (Chief 
Operating Officer)
Cemal Aybars Sanal.............................
Assistant General 
Manager
Legal Activities Management
Cengiz Arslan ......................................
Chief Information 
Officer
Information Technologies
Demir Karaaslan .................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Financial Planning and Administration Management (Chief 
Financial Officer)
Erhan Adalı..........................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Corporate and Commercial Banking Management
Hakan Alp............................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Human Resources Organisation and Internal Services Management
Mehmet Erkan Özdemir.......................
Assistant General 
Manager
Compliance, Internal Control and Risk Management / Consumer 
Relations Coordination Officer
Nurgün Eyüboğlu.................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Credit
Saruhan Yücel......................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Treasury
Serkan Ülgen........................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Retail Banking Management
Yakup Dogan .......................................
Assistant General 
Manager
Alternative Distribution Channels
Set forth below is brief biographical information regarding Yapı Kredi’s current senior 
management (other than those who are members of the Board, whose biographical information is set 
out above):

--- Page 278 ---
264
Mr. Abdullah Geçer
Mr. Geçer, 46, received a degree in the Department of Economics at Middle East Technical 
University in 1996, Abdullah Geçer began his professional career at the Undersecretariat of Treasury 
as an Assistant Sworn Bank Auditor. Having served in this position between 1996 and 2000, Mr. Geçer 
assumed Sworn Bank Auditor and Senior Sworn Bank Auditor positions in Banking Regulation and 
Supervision Agency of Turkey between 2000 and 2007, and completed the MBA in Finance program 
at University of Nottingham in 2006. Serving as a coordinator in Koç Holding Audit Group from 2007 
through 2020, Mr. Abdullah Geçer was appointed as the Assistant General Manager in charge of 
Internal Audit at the Bank on 20 April 2020.
Mr. Akif Cahit Erdoğan
Mr. Erdoğan, 46, graduated from the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering at Istanbul Technical 
University. Mr. Erdoğan earned his MBA degree from the Rochester Institute of Technology. Mr. 
Erdoğan started his professional career at Xerox Corporation (Rochester, NY) as a Business Analyst, 
Mr. Erdogan moved to Accenture (Istanbul Office) in 2000 as a Management Consultant, where he 
went on to hold various positions. Mr. Erdogan joined the Bank on 1 December 2009 as Chief 
Information Officer. As of 15 July 2013, he assumed the position of Assistant General Manager in 
charge of Information Technologies and Operations at the Bank. Mr. Erdoğan has been a member of 
the Executive Committee of Yapı Kredi Bank since July 2013 and also Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. since May 2015. Mr. Erdoğan is also a member of the Board of 
Directors of Yapı Kredi Yatırım.
Mr. Cemal Aybars Sanal
Mr. Sanal, 61, graduated from Istanbul University, Faculty of Law. He began his career in 1986 with 
the law firm of Sanal & Sanal as a Partner. Subsequently, he served at the Shell Company of Turkey 
Limited as an attorney from 1992 to 1995, at White & Case LLP as an attorney from 1995 to 1998, at 
the Shell Company of Turkey Limited once again as Chief Legal Counsel and a member of the Board 
of Directors from 1998 to 1999 and at Boyner Holding A.Ş. as Chief Legal Counsel and Vice President 
between 1999 and 2006. After working as a freelance attorney between 2006 and 2007, Mr. Sanal 
worked with ELIG Law Firm as a Consultant from 2007 to 2008. He has been the Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Legal Affairs at the Bank, since July 2008. 
Mr. Cengiz Arslan
Mr. Arslan, 52, graduated from Istanbul Technical University in 1989, Department of Control and 
Computer Engineering. He started his career in October 1992 at Yapı Kredi Technology (BILPA), 
where he worked as a System Software Specialist and Project Leader, until November 1995. Between 
1995 and 2000, Mr. Arslan worked as Supervisor in SYNERGY Ltd., and in 2000 he worked at Garanti 
Technology Inc., where he started to work in the Department of Image and Workflow as a Supervisor. 
He then assumed the role of Unit Manager in the Payment Systems and Automotive Companies 
Department. In 2012, Mr. Arslan worked as Executive Vice President of Software at Doğuş 
Technology. Mr. Arslan joined the Bank on 17 December 2012 as BL Info Doc. Management and 
Workflow Software Development Vice President. As of 15 July 2013, he assumed the position of Chief 
Information Officer.
Mr. Demir Karaaslan
Mr. Karaaslan, 46, graduated from Marmara University, Business Administration department in 1999. 
Between September 1999 and December 2004, he worked at PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest 
Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (formerly Başaran Nas Bağimsiz Denetim ve S.M.M.M. A.Ş.) where 
he joined as an Assistant Auditor and was promoted to Audit Manager. He continued his career at 
Koçbank between 2005 and 2006 as Head of Budget & Planning. In 2006, following the merger of 
Koçbank and Yapı Kredi Bank, he was appointed as Vice President responsible from Planning & 
Control. He has been the Head of Planning & Control since 2010 and promoted as Executive Vice

--- Page 279 ---
265
President in 2011. He has worked as Assistant General Manager in charge of Retail Credits between 
January 2016 and March 2020. He was appointed as Assistant General Manager in charge of Financial 
Planning and Administration Management in March 2020. Throughout his career, Mr. Karaaslan has 
also assumed the positions of Statutory Auditor and member of the Board in several subsidiaries of the 
Bank. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank and Board of Directors of Yapı 
Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş.
Mr. Erhan Adalı
Mr. Adalı, 53, graduated from the Faculty of Political Sciences, Public Administration at Istanbul 
University in 1987. Erhan Adalı began his professional career at Garanti Bankasi as an Internal Auditor. 
After serving in various positions, Mr. Adalı worked as the Corporate Branch Manager, Commercial 
Banking Regional Manager and Coordinator in SME Banking Marketing between 1997 and 2005. Mr. 
Adalı worked as the CEO of Garanti Pension and Life Company from 2005 to 2012 and continued to 
serve as Executive Vice President of Credits at Garanti Bank until 2015. He served as a member of 
Board of Garanti Leasing and Garanti Mortgage in 2015-2017. Mr. Adalı has been Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Corporate and Commercial Banking and a Member of the Bank’s the Executive 
Committee since March 2018. Mr. Adalı is also Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi 
Factoring, Yapı Kredi Leasing, Banque De Commerce Et De Placements S.A. and a member of the 
Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Koray, Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan, Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland 
N.V., Yapı Kredi Bank Malta and Yapı Kredi Holding B.V..
Mr. Hakan Alp
Mr. Hakan Alp, 52, graduated from Ankara University, Faculty of Political Sciences, Department of 
International Relations. He started his professional career in 1991 in the Audit Department of Garanti 
Bank and then served as Training Manager at the same bank between 1997 and 1999. He worked for 
Humanitas Doğuş Human Resources Management as Assistant General Manager in charge of Training, 
Executive Development, Finance and Administration and Operations between 2000 and 2003. Between 
2003 and 2005, Mr. Alp worked as Human Resources Management Assistant General Manager for 
Tansaş Retail Chain and in 2006 became Human Resources Management Assistant General Manager 
at Sutas. He started working as Human Resources Executive Vice President at QNB Finansbank in 2007 
and was assigned as Human Resources Assistant General Manager in 2010, where he worked until 
2018. As of September 2018, Mr. Alp serves as Assistant General Manager in charge of Human 
Resources Organization at the Bank and he is also responsible for Internal Services for the Bank as of 
March 2020. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank.
Mr. Mehmet Erkan Özdemir
Mr. Özdemir, 53, received a degree in Economics from the Middle East Technical University. He 
worked as a Sworn in Bank Auditor on the Sworn in Bank Auditor Board of the Banking Regulation 
and Supervision Agency between April 1994 and August 2001. He joined Koç Group in August 2002 
where he worked as Audit Coordinator in the Audit Group responsible for the financial companies of 
the Group. Since April 2008, Mr. Özdemir has been serving as Compliance Officer and Executive Vice 
President at the Bank. Mr. Özdemir has been serving as Assistant General Manager in charge of 
Compliance and Internal Control since October 2013 and a member of the Board of Directors of Yapı 
Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Koç Kültür Sanat Yayıncılık 
Ticaret ve Sanayi A.Ş.. Mr. Özdemir is also responsible for Risk Management for the Bank as of 
October 2020 and he is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020.
Ms. Nurgün Eyüboğlu
Ms. Eyüboğlu, 52, graduated from Boğaziçi University, Business Administration in 1991. She began 
her career at Iktisat Bankası as Management Trainee. She joined Koçbank in 1993 as Relationship 
Manager and worked as Branch Manager from 1995 to 2004. Between 2004 and 2009 she held the 
position of Head of Corporate Banking and Multinational Companies at Yapı Kredi Bank. She was

--- Page 280 ---
266
appointed as General Manager of Yapı Kredi Leasing in February 2009. Ms. Eyüboğlu worked as 
Assistant General Manager in charge of Corporate and Commercial Credits at the Bank between 
February 2013 and March 2020. In March 2020, Ms. Eyüboğlu was appointed as Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Credits at Yapı Kredi Bank. She is also a Member of the Board of Directors of 
Yapı Kredi Leasing and Yapı Kredi Factoring and also a Member of Board of Directors of BKM and a 
member of the Executive Committee of the Bank.
Mr. Saruhan Yücel
Mr. Yücel, 47, earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul University Department of Business 
Administration and his graduate degree from University of Illinois in Business Administration. Yücel 
started his career at Koçbank in fund Management Department in 2000. Mr. Yücel held the role as 
Securities Portfolio Manager in Yapı Kredi’s Portfolio in Investment Funds Management Fixed Income 
department between 2002 and 2003. Following this, he worked as FX and Money Markets Senior 
Dealer, FX Markets Vice President, Fixed Income Securities Vice President and Balance Sheet 
Management, and Fixed Income Securities Executive Vice President in the Bank between 2003 and 
2018. Since June 2018, he continued his career as Assistant General Manager in charge of Treasury 
Management. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank and Vice Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Yatırım.
Mr. Serkan Ülgen
Serkan Ülgen, 44, graduated from Bilkent University, Ankara B.S. Industrial Engineering Program in 
1998. After graduating, he began his career at BENKAR Consumer Financing and Credit Card Services. 
In 2001 Ülgen joined Yapı Kredi and took several responsibilities in Card Payment Systems. He also 
gained his MBA degree from Bogaziçi University in 2005. Mr. Ülgen has been working as the Assistant 
General Manager in charge of Retail Banking and a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank 
since January 2018. He has also been the Member of the Board of BKM representing Yapı Kredi since 
January 2011 and became the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of BKM in April 2019. Mr. 
Ülgen is also a Member of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan and Allianz.
Mr. Yakup Dogan
Mr. Dogan, 53, received a degree in Business Administration from the Çukurova University. 
Mr. Doğan started his career at İş Bankası as an Assistant Specialist in 1992. Between 1996 and 2001, 
he worked at Ottoman Bank in Senior Management positions responsible for the development of Retail 
Banking, Credit Cards and Alternative Delivery Channels. In 2001, Mr. Doğan joined Koçbank as 
Alternative Delivery Channels Manager. In 2006, Mr. Doğan held the position of Alternative Delivery 
Channels Executive Vice President at the Bank. As of January 30, 2009 he assumed the position of 
Assistant General Manager in charge of Alternative Distribution Channels at the Bank and a member 
of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020. Mr. Dogan is also a member of the Board 
of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji.
The business address of Mr. Yakup Dogan, Mr. Akif Cahit Erdogan and Mr. Cengiz Arslan is 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., Genel Mudurluk/Bankacilik Ussu, Akse Mahallesi, Rahmi Dibek Caddesi 
No: 275 41435 Çayirova, Kocaeli, Turkey which is the operation centre of the Bank. The other members 
of the senior management have their business address at Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., Yapı Kredi Plaza 
D Blok, 34330 Istanbul, Turkey.
Board Committees
Yapı Kredi has a number of committees comprising various members of the Board.  These 
committees consider risk and credit matters and include the Asset and Liability Management function 
of the Executive Committee and the Credit Committee, which are described in detail in “Risk 
Management”, as well as the Audit Committee, the Corporate Governance Committee and the 
Remuneration Committee.  The Audit Committee supervises compliance by the Bank with local laws 
and internal regulations, monitors the performance of the Internal Audit Department, Compliance and

--- Page 281 ---
267
Internal Control Department and Risk Management Department, controls ethical compliance and 
executes other functions provided for by the Banking Legislation and CMB Legislation for Audit 
Committees.  The Audit Department, Risk Management and Compliance and Internal Control report to 
the Audit Committee. 
Corporate Governance 
Until recently, there were no mandatory corporate governance rules in Turkey.  In 2003, the 
CMB issued a set of recommended principles for public companies, which applied to public companies 
on a “comply or explain” basis.  In 2004, the Board decided to adopt these principles.  On 30 December 
2011, the Communiqué on the Determination and Implementation of Corporate Governance Principles 
Series: IV, No: 56 (the “Annulled Corporate Governance Communiqué”) was published and came 
into force, providing certain compulsory and non-mandatory principles applicable to all companies 
incorporated in Turkey and listed on the Borsa Istanbul, including the Bank.  The Annulled Corporate 
Governance Communiqué became applicable to the Bank on 30 December 2012, as the regulation 
provided a one year exemption for listed banks.  Following the entrance into force of the New Capital 
Markets Law No. 6362, by 30 December 2012, the CMB started to prepare secondary legislation in 
light of the new law.  Accordingly, a new communiqué on corporate governance – the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué Series: II No: 17.1 (the “Corporate Governance Communiqué”) was 
published in the Official Gazette as of 3 January 2014 which annulled the Communiqué on the 
Determination and Implementation of Corporate Governance Principles Series: IV, No: 56.  The 
Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) the company shareholders; (b) 
public disclosure and transparency; (c) the stakeholders of the company; and (d) the board of directors.  
A number of principles are compulsory while the remaining principles continue to apply on a “comply 
or explain” basis as before.  The Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed companies into 
three categories according to their market capitalisation and the market value of their free float shares, 
subject to recalculation on an annual basis.  The CMB has classified 36 companies for the year 2018 as 
“Tier 1” companies, which have maximum exposure to the mandatory principles set out in the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué.  Some of these mandatory principles are not applicable to “Tier 2” and/or 
“Tier 3” companies.  The Bank is classified as a “Tier 1” company.  According to the information policy 
of the Bank, the public disclosures and all other relevant information given to shareholders are done 
under the supervision of the compliance office.

The compliance office manages the official public disclosures via www.kap.org.tr 

Public disclosure is managed daily so as to assure timely communication.
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include: (i) the 
composition of the board of directors; (ii) the appointment of independent board members; (iii) board 
committees; (iv) specific corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions 
that may result in a conflict of interest and certain other transactions deemed material by the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué; and (v) the information rights in connection with General Assembly 
meetings.
All “Tier 1” and “Tier 2” companies are required to have a number of independent board 
members that constitute at least one third of the board of directors.  However, these companies can 
apply to the CMB in order to limit the number of independent board members to two, irrespective of 
the ratio of the company’s free float shares, as long as at least 51% of their share capital is equally 
owned by two independent shareholders contractually sharing equal management control but having no 
direct or indirect shareholding, management or audit relationship among themselves, except for banks. 
“Tier 3” companies do not have to comply with the one third ratio, although they are obliged to have at 
least two independent directors.  Pursuant to Article 6 of the Corporate Governance Communiqué, 
banks have discretion in determining the number of independent directors, provided that they sustain 
the minimum requirement of having at least three independent directors.  Board members who are 
appointed as an audit committee member within the bank’s organisational structure shall be considered 
as an independent board member within the framework of the Corporate Governance Communiqué.

--- Page 282 ---
268
The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine 
the “independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “Tier 1” companies.  
Those nominated for such positions must be evaluated by the “Nomination Committee” of the board 
of directors for fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué.  The 
board of directors is required to prepare a list of nominees based on this evaluation for final review by 
the CMB, which is authorised to issue a “negative view” on any nominee and prevent their appointment 
as independent members of the board of directors.  The Corporate Governance Communiqué also 
requires listed companies to establish certain other board committees. “Tier 2” and “Tier 3” public 
companies are not required to go through the CMB pre-assessment for the appointment of independent 
directors, although the nominations must still be evaluated by the Nomination Committee.
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the 
independent board members, the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate 
approval requirements for all related party transactions, transactions creating any guarantee, pledge or 
mortgage in favour of third parties, transactions that may result in a conflict of interest with the company 
or its subsidiaries and certain other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué.  For example, material transactions, which are described as the lease, transfer or 
establishment of rights in rem over the total or a substantial part of the listed company’s assets, the 
acquisition or lease of a material asset, must be approved by the majority of the independent board 
members.  If the majority of the independent directors do not vote in favour of such board resolutions, 
the relevant transaction will be subject to the approval of the shareholders, which will convene without 
required meeting quorums and where the related parties to those transactions will not be able to vote.  
The foregoing framework also applies to all related party transactions as well as transactions creating 
any guarantee, pledge or mortgage in favour of third parties.
In 2007, the CMB had issued a rating communiqué enabling rating agencies to rate companies 
on the basis of their compliance with the applicable principles.  In 2008, following a corporate 
governance rating report issued by SAHA Corporate Governance and Credit Rating Services Inc., the 
Bank was included among the leading companies that form the Borsa Istanbul Corporate Governance 
Index.  The report provided the Bank with a corporate governance rating of 8.02 out of 10.  In 2017, 
following a repeated review by SAHA Corporate Governance and Credit Rating Services Inc., the 
Bank’s corporate governance rating was upgraded to 9.43.
Compensation
The Bank’s compensation policy aims to remunerate fairly and in a manner that is consistent 
with the nature of work and structure of the general market or the sector, in order to enhance talent and 
key staff attraction/retention capability and people motivation.  The compensation package is composed 
of base pay and variable pay.  The variable pay is linked to the realisation of the Bank’s strategic targets.
In general, base pay depends upon the position and the work completed while variable pay 
depends on performance.  Thus, the compensation system allows the bank to reward employees 
according to their level of contribution and responsibility in order to reach the goals of the institution.
Salaries and other benefits paid to the Group’s senior management amounted to TL 92,276  
thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 88,601 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 66,780 
thousand as of 31 December 2018.
Conflicts
None of the members of the Bank’s Board or senior management has any existing or potential 
conflicts of interest with respect to his duties to the Bank and his private interests or other duties.

--- Page 283 ---
269
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP
Share Capital
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s share capital consisted of 844,705,128 
thousand authorised shares with a nominal value of TL 0.01 each.  The Bank’s shares are listed on the 
Borsa Istanbul and its global depositary receipts are listed on the London Stock Exchange.
The Bank’s issued and fully paid-up share capital was held as of the dates specified as follows:12
As of 31 December 2020
As of 31 December 2019
As of 31 December 2018
As of 31 December 2017
Ownership
Capital
Ownership
Capital
Ownership
Capital
Ownership
Capital
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
(%)
(TL, 
thousands)
Shareholders
Koç Financial Services A.S(1). ...
40.95 
3,459,000
81.9
6,918,000
81.9
6,918,131
81.8
3,555,712
Koç Holding A.Ş .......................
9.02 
762,000
—
—
—
—
—
UniCredit S.p.A. .......................
20.00 
1,689,000
—
—
—
—
—
Others shareholders (minorities) 
...................................................
30.03 
2,536,000
18.1
1,529,000
18.1
1,528,920
18.2
791,339
Historical share capital ..............
100 
8,447,051
100
8,447,051
100
8,447,051
100
4,347,051
Adjustment to share capital .......
(60,471)
(60,471)
(60,471)
(60,471)
Share premium ..........................
556,937
556,937
556,937
543,881
Total share capital and share 
premium ...................................
8,943,517
8,943,517
8,943,517
4,830,461
(1)
As of 31 December 2019, 50% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital was owned by UniCredit and the remaining 50% was owned by the Koç Group. Since 5 February 
2020, 100% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital is owned by the Koç Group
Ownership
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s controlling shareholder is the Koç Group 
with a 49.97% stake, UniCredit S.p.A., a significant shareholder holds a 20.00% stake and the remaining 
30.03% of the Bank’s shares were publicly traded and held by minority shareholders. The direct or 
indirect acquisition of shares, which represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank, or the 
direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of shares resulting in the total number of shares held by a 
shareholder to increase above or fall below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, 
requires the permission of the BRSA. In addition, irrespective of these thresholds, an assignment and 
transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors or audit 
committee or issuance of new shares with such privileges is also subject to the authorisation of the 
BRSA.
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş. (“KFS”), 
which was jointly owned by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.. In November 2019, the Koç Group 
and UniCredit S.p.A. reached an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure. On 5 February 
2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the contemplated share transfers, whereby 
UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital and the Koç 
Group increased its ownership to 49.97%. Immediately after the completion of the share transfers 
between the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through 
accelerated book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors. The 
sale took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00%.  
Controlling Shareholders
Koç Financial Services
KFS is a financial holding company 100% owned by Koç Holding A.S. As a result of a transfer 
of shares on 5 February 2020, Koç Financial Services became the owner of 40.95% of the Bank.
12 Please note that figures provided for share capital and share premium are IFRS figures.

--- Page 284 ---
270
Koç Holding A.ᶊ.
Koç Holding is one of Turkey’s largest conglomerates in terms of turnover and exports, with 
operations in the energy, automotive, consumer durables and finance sectors.  Koç Holding derives its 
strength from a large distribution network and after-sales services, a wide customer base in different 
business segments together with strong customer relationship management capabilities enabling 
efficient upward and cross-selling, leading brands and strong recognition and optimum portfolio 
diversification.  In the year ended 31 December 2017, Koç Holding had total sales that corresponded to 
7.2% of Turkey’s GDP and exports that comprised 10% of Turkey’s total exports.  In the year ended 
31 December 2018, Koç Holding had total sales that corresponded to 10% of Turkey’s GDP and exports 
that comprised 8% of Turkey’s total exports.  In the year ended 31 December 2020, Koç Holding 
generated U.S.$25.0 billion in total revenues, had total sales that corresponded to 6.4% of Turkey’s 
2020 GDP and exports that comprised 6.7% of Turkey’s total exports.
UniCredit S.p.A. Relationship
On 30 November 2019, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced an agreement to 
change the Bank’s ownership structure.
On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the share transfers 
contemplated under a Yapı Kredi Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated 30 November 2019 
between the Koç Group, UniCredit S.p.A. and KFS and a KFS Share Sale and Purchase Agreement 
dated 30 November 2019 between the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A..
Immediately after the completion of the share transfers between the Koç Group and UniCredit 
S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through accelerated book building of 11.93% 
of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors. The sale took place on 13 February 2020. 
Following the finalisation of the transaction, UniCredit S.p.A.’s share in the Bank came down to 20%.

--- Page 285 ---
271
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related parties include entities that are directors, shareholders or affiliates of, or entities under 
common management or control with, the Bank. Parties are considered to be related if one party has the 
ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial 
or operational decisions. The Group is controlled by the Koç Group. UniCredit S.p.A. has significant 
influence over the Group.  
All of the related party credit applications must go through the Group’s normal credit review 
process.  All extensions of credit to the related parties are made on an arm’s length basis and the credit 
and payment terms in respect of such credits are no more favourable than those offered to third parties.
The Banking Law places limits on a bank’s exposure to related parties.  Under the Banking 
Law, the total amount of loans to be extended by a bank to its risk group must not be more than 20% of 
its own funds.  As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled 
TL 7,130,340 thousand, an amount corresponding to 11.2% of its own funds; the Bank is therefore 
within the limits of the Banking Law in terms of its exposure to its subsidiaries and other affiliates.
The following tables show the loans of the Group’s risk group as of the dates indicated:
As of 31 December 2020
Associates, 
subsidiaries and 
joint ventures
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group
Group’s risk group(1)(2)
Cash
Non-cash
Cash
Non-cash
Cash
Non-cash
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables.........................
Balance at the beginning of the period ........
4,654 
3,351 
815,658 
1,199,169 
2,568,348 
3,147,488 
Balance at the end of the period ..................
40,512 
3,498 
969,369 
898,824 
5,231,297 
2,078,697 
Interest and commission income 
received .......................................................
284 
54 
22,801 
9,377 
446,716 
13,859 
____________
(1)
Defined in subsection 2 of Article 49 of the Banking Act No. 5411.
(2)
The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities.
As of 31 December 2019
Associates, 
subsidiaries and 
joint ventures
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group
Group’s risk group(1)(2)
Cash
Non-
cash
Cash
Non-cash
Cash
Non-cash
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables........................
Balance at the beginning of the period........
8,537
73,737
585,510
1,351,956
3,823,152
4,218,277
Balance at the end of the period..................
4,654
3,351
815,658
1,199,169
2,568,348
3,147,488
Interest and commission income 
received ......................................................
2,553
174
27,139
6,042
366,083
20,183
____________
(1)
Defined in subsection 2 of Article 49 of the Banking Act No. 5411.
(2)
The information in the table above includes loans  due from banks, as well as marketable securities.

--- Page 286 ---
272
As of 31 December 2018
Associates, 
subsidiaries and joint 
ventures
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group
Group’s risk group(1)(2)
Cash
Non-
cash
Cash
Non-cash
Cash
Non-cash
(TL, thousands)
Loans and other receivables ......................
Balance at the beginning of the period......
8,523
10,130
413,696
1,358,830
2,582,313
3,078,551
Balance at the end of the period ................
8,537
73,717
585,510
1,351,956
3,823,152
4,218,277
Interest and commission income 
received.....................................................
1,033
107
19,219
5,861
322,795
15,967
____________
(1)
Defined in subsection 2 of Article 49 of the Banking Act No. 5411.
(2)
The information in the table above includes loans  due from banks, as well as marketable securities.
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated:
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group
Group’s risk group(1)(2)
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
(TL, thousands)
Beginning of the period..........
96,427 
32,007 
34,185,545 
 39,787,874 
 22,510,602 
 22,326,048 
End of the period ....................
228,452 
96,427 
24,513,619 
34,185,545 
30,833,207 
22,510,602 
Interest expense on deposits
4,871 
7,233 
1,075,677 
2,503,473 
976,433 
1,357,180 
____________
(1)
Defined in subsection 2 of Article 49 of the Banking Act No. 5411.
(2)
The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits.
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated:
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Group
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in 
the risk group
Group’s risk group(1)(2)
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2018
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2018
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2018
(TL, thousands)
Beginning of the period ...............
32,007
27,440
39,787,874
29,100,563
22,326,048
18,301,565
End of the period..........................
96,427
32,007
34,185,545
39,787,874
2,510,602
22,326,048
Interest expense on deposits......
7,233
4,714
2,503,473
2,447,124
1,357,180
1,176,337
____________
(1)
Defined in subsection 2 of Article 49 of the Banking Act No. 5411.
(2)
The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits.

--- Page 287 ---
273
The following table shows the forward and option agreements and other derivative instruments 
with the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated:
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Group
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group
Group’s risk group(1)
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019
(TL, thousands)
Transactions at fair value 
through profit or loss
Beginning of the period(2) .....
-
-
563,016 
3,330,535
10,730,513 
983,564
End of the period(2) ...............
-
-
1,573,859 
563,016
   1,585,212 
10,730,513
Total profit/loss...................
-
-
(17,596)
(14,966)
(170,836)
58,698
Transactions for hedging 
purposes
Beginning of the period(2) .....
-
-
1,059,016
1,456,586
-
-
End of the period(2) ...............
-
-
516,747
1,059,016
-
-
Total profit/loss...................
-
-
16,747
9,016
-
-
____________
(1)
Defined in subsection 2 of Article 49 of the Banking Act No. 5411.
(2)
The balances at the beginning and end of the periods are disclosed as the total of buy and sell amounts of derivate financial 
instruments.
In December 2013, the Bank repaid a EUR 350 million subordinated loan facility advanced by 
Goldman Sachs International and received a new subordinated loan facility from UniCredit Bank 
Austria AG in the amount of U.S.$470 million.  The new facility has a ten-year maturity with 
a repayment option at the end of five years.

--- Page 288 ---
274
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER
The Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation contains provisions relating to the protection of the 
Covered Bondholders upon the insolvency of the Issuer.
Pursuant to the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, the assets in the Cover Pool can only be 
used to pay the Covered Bondholders, Couponholders, Hedging Counterparties and (to the extent that 
Additional Cover has been included in the manner described in Article 29 of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué) Other Secured Creditors.  The assets in the Cover Pool cannot be pledged, subject to an 
attachment, or included in the assets of the Issuer in case of bankruptcy.  If the assets in the Cover Pool 
are not sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Total Liabilities, then the Covered Bondholders, 
Couponholders and Hedging Counterparties will have a right of recourse to the other assets of the Issuer 
and any claims of such Secured Creditors will rank pari passu with the other creditors of the Issuer 
(including the Other Secured Creditors) for the unpaid amount with the exception of the preferred rank 
of the creditors under Turkish law, including, but not limited to, Article 206 of the Turkish Execution 
and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 (İcra ve İflas Kanunu), as amended from time to time, and the Law on 
the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey No. 1211 (Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez Bankası Kanunu) 
according to which the proceeds obtained from the sale of the assets of the debtor are distributed among 
the creditors in the following order:
(a)
claims against the bankruptcy estate due to debts incurred during the administration of 
the bankruptcy estate;
(b)
secured obligations;
(c)
taxes, duties, fees and other governmental charges arising from the sales of the pledged 
assets;
(d)
salaries of the employees for the last year, and severance payments of the employees 
and debts to the employee funds;
(e)
certain debts of the bankruptcy estate due to custody and guardianship provisions under 
Turkish Civil Law No. 4721;
(f)
debts of the bankruptcy estate which are determined as privileged receivables of the 
bankruptcy estate under specific laws, i.e., debts of the bankruptcy estate to its legal 
counsels, debts of the bankruptcy estate to participate in utilities, etc.; and
(g)
unsecured and non-privileged receivables (assets).
As the Issuer is a licensed bank in Turkey, the insolvency process of the Issuer will be conducted 
in accordance with the Banking Law and the Turkish Execution and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 (İcra 
ve İflas Kanunu).
Measures under the Banking Law and Transfer to the SDIF
(a)
Transfer of Management to the SDIF and Cancellation of Activity Licence
Pursuant to the Banking Law, if the results of a consolidated or unconsolidated audit 
show that the Issuer’s financial structure has seriously weakened due to the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events, then the BRSA may require the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer to take measures to strengthen its financial position:
(i)
the assets of the Issuer are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to 
cover its obligations as they become due;
(ii)
the Issuer is not complying with its liquidity requirements;

--- Page 289 ---
275
(iii)
due to an imbalance in its income and expenses, the Issuer’s profitability is 
such as to make it unable to conduct its business in a secure manner;
(iv)
the regulatory equity capital of the Issuer is not sufficient or is likely to become 
insufficient;
(v)
the quality of the assets of the Issuer has been impaired in a manner weakening 
its financial structure;
(vi)
the practices, decisions, by-laws and/or internal regulations of the Issuer are in 
breach of the Banking Law, relevant regulations or the decisions of the BRSA;
(vii)
the Issuer fails to: (A) establish internal control, internal audit and risk 
management systems; (B) effectively and sufficiently conduct such systems; 
or (C) any factor impedes the supervision of such systems; or
(viii)
imprudent acts of the Issuer’s managers materially: (A) increase the risks 
defined under the Banking Law; or (B) weaken the Bank’s financial structure.
If the BRSA determines that the Issuer is not in compliance with one or more of the 
requirements set forth under sub paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above then it may require the Issuer, 
in accordance with Article 68(a) of the Banking Law:

to increase its equity capital;

not to distribute dividends for a specific period to be determined by the BRSA and to 
transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund;

to increase its loan provisions;

to cease any grant of loan to its shareholders;

to dispose of its assets in order to strengthen its liquidity;

to cease or restrict its new investments;

to limit salaries and other payments;

to cease its long-term investments; and/or

to take any other action that is deemed necessary by the BRSA.
In the event the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the Issuer or its 
financial structure cannot be strengthened despite it having taken such actions, or the BRSA determines 
that the Issuer’s financial structure has become so weak that it could not be strengthened even if it takes 
any of the actions above, then the BRSA may require the Issuer, in accordance with Article 69 of the 
Banking Law to take any of the following corrective actions:

to strengthen its financial condition;

to increase its liquidity and/or capital adequacy;

to dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets;

to decrease its operational and administrative costs;

to postpone its payments, excluding the regular payments to be made to its members; 
or

--- Page 290 ---
276

to restrict or cease to make any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal 
entities, risk groups or sectors.
On the other hand, if the BRSA determines that the Issuer is not in compliance with one or 
more of the requirements set forth under sub-paragraph (vi), (vii) or (viii) above, then it may require 
the Issuer, in accordance with Article 68 of the Banking Law:

to comply with the relevant banking legislation;

to review its loan policy and cease its high risk transactions;

to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks; or

to take any other action that is deemed necessary by the BRSA.
In the event the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the Issuer or its 
financial structure cannot be strengthened despite it having taken such actions, or the BRSA determines 
that the Issuer’s financial structure has become so weak that it could not be strengthened even if it takes 
any of the actions above, then the BRSA may require the Issuer in accordance with Article 69 of the 
Banking Law to take any of the following corrective actions:

to convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change the board members or 
assign new member(s) to the Board of Directors or the removal of the existing board 
members responsible for the failure to ensure compliance with the aforementioned 
actions; 

to implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by 
the BRSA to decrease the risks incurred by the Issuer in respect of sub-paragraph (viii) 
above and to request the board members and shareholders holding qualified shares to 
undertake the implementation of such plan in writing and to deliver the outcome of this 
on a periodical basis; and/or

to take any other action that is deemed necessary by the BRSA.
Pursuant to Article 70 of the Banking Law, in the event the aforementioned actions are not (in 
whole or in part) taken by the Issuer or are not sufficient to cause the Issuer to continue its business in 
a secure manner, the BRSA may require the Issuer:

to limit or cease its business for a temporary period;

to apply various restrictions, including restrictions on interest and maturity with respect 
to resource collection and utilisation;

to remove from office (in whole or in part) its board members, general manager and 
deputy general managers and department and branch managers and to obtain approval 
from the BRSA for the appointment of their replacements;

to make available long-term loans which will be secured by the shares or other assets 
of the controlling shareholders;

to limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing 
assets;

to merge with one or more other banks;

to provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital;

--- Page 291 ---
277

to cover its losses with its equity capital; and/or

to take any other action that is deemed necessary by the BRSA.
In the event the BRSA determines that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in 
part) taken by the Issuer within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months; 
(b) the financial structure of the Issuer cannot be strengthened despite it having taken such actions or 
the financial structure of the Issuer has become so weak that it could not be strengthened even if the 
actions were taken; (c) the continuation of the activities of the Issuer would jeopardise the rights of the 
depositors and the participation fund owners and the security and stability of the financial system; (d) 
the Issuer cannot fulfil its obligations as they become due; (e) the total amount of the liabilities of the 
Issuer exceeds the total amount of its assets; or (f) the controlling shareholders or managers of the Issuer 
are found to have made use of the Issuer’s resources for their own interests, directly, indirectly or 
fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the Issuer or caused the Issuer to 
sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its 
board members: (i) may revoke the licence of the Issuer to engage in banking operations and/or to accept 
deposits; or (ii) shall transfer the management, supervision and control of the rights of the shareholders 
(excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF with the condition that the losses of the shareholders 
are reduced from the capital.
In the event that the licence of the Issuer to engage in banking operations and/or to accept 
deposits is revoked, then the Issuer’s management and audit will be taken over by the SDIF.  Any and 
all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including a preliminary injunction) against the Issuer would 
be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke the Issuer’s licence is 
published in the Official Gazette.  From the date of revocation of the Issuer’s licence, the creditors of 
the Issuer may not assign their rights or take any action that could lead to an assignment of their rights.  
The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the rights of depositors and other creditors of the 
Issuer.  The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of the Issuer either by itself or through another 
bank it may designate.  In practice, the SDIF may designate another bank that is under its control.  The 
SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of depositors against a bank whose 
activity licence is revoked.
(b)
Management and Liquidation by the SDIF
Transfer of the Bank’s Management, Supervision and Control to the SDIF
In case the Issuer’s management, supervision and control of the privileges of 
shareholders (excluding dividends) is transferred to the SDIF as per Article 71 of the 
Banking Law, the SDIF will manage the Issuer in accordance with Article 107 of the 
Banking Law.  Accordingly, the SDIF will exercise its rights in line with the principles 
ensuring cost efficiency and maintaining the security and stability of the financial 
system.  The SDIF is authorised to suspend the activities of any bank whose partnership 
rights, excluding dividends, as well as management and control have been transferred 
thereto pursuant to the provisions of Article 71 of the Banking Law, for a period to be 
determined by the SDIF.  Taking as a basis the balance sheet to be prepared as of the 
transfer date, the SDIF is also authorised to:
(i)
request the BRSA to transfer the assets, organisation, personnel (unless they 
otherwise request) as well as the savings deposit and contribution funds subject 
to insurance together with the interest accrued, provided that such interest does 
not exceed the average of interest rates applied by five deposit banks with the 
highest total deposits as of the transfer date for savings deposits and the average 
of return rates applied by three participation banks with the highest total 
participation funds for contribution funds, and the corresponding provision 
items on the liabilities side, to a bank to be newly established or any of the

--- Page 292 ---
278
existing banks, and/or to terminate the operating permission of the bank, whose 
assets and liabilities have been transferred partially or completely;
(ii)
provide financial support and take over the losses corresponding to the capital 
representing the shares transferred thereto, provided that it owns the shares and 
that the amount of deposits and contribution funds covered by insurance is not 
exceeded;
(iii)
in case of failure to take ownership of all shares upon assuming the losses, take 
over the shares in return for the payment of share values to be calculated on 
the basis of the capital to be calculated upon subtracting the loss from the paid 
in capital, to the Issuer’s shareholders within the period to be set by the SDIF; 
or
(iv)
request the BRSA to cancel the Issuer’s activity licence.
The shares referred to in sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above shall be transferred to the SDIF free 
from any right and restriction.
If the Issuer’s shares have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with this provision, the 
SDIF is authorised to:
(A)
partially or completely transfer the assets and liabilities of the Issuer, whose 
majority or all shares have been transferred thereto, to a bank that is newly 
established or to interested banks, by providing financial and technical 
assistance where necessary, or to merge the Issuer with any other interested 
bank;
(B)
in order to strengthen and restructure the financial system, as limited to cases 
where deemed necessary by the SDIF:
(i)
increase the Issuer’s capital;
(ii)
remove default interests arising from statutory provisions and general 
liquidity requirements;
(iii)
purchase affiliates, immovable and other assets, or to take them as 
guarantee and give advances in return;
(iv)
deposit funds to meet liquidity requirements;
(v)
take over receivables or losses; or
(vi)
carry out any transaction pertaining to its assets and liabilities and 
convert them into cash;
(A)
sell the assets of the Issuer to third parties offering discounts or other methods 
and to take any other measure it may deem necessary; or
(B)
transfer the shares of the Issuer to third parties, with the permission of the 
BRSA within the framework of the principles and procedures to be set by the 
SDIF.
The consent of creditors and debtors shall not be sought in transfer transactions to be performed 
under the provisions of Article 107 of the Banking Law.
The process of restructuring, strengthening, transferring, merging or selling the Issuer whose 
partnership rights, excluding dividends, as well as management and supervision have been transferred

--- Page 293 ---
279
to the SDIF pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law, has to be completed within a maximum period 
of nine months following the transfer date.  This period may be extended for a period of up to three 
months subject to the SDIF’s decision.  If the transfer, merger or sale cannot be completed within such 
period of time, the BRSA shall revoke the operating permission of the Issuer upon the request of the 
SDIF.
Liquidation by the SDIF Following Cancellation of Activity Licence
Once the BRSA decides that the Issuer should no longer continue its banking activity and 
cancels the activity licence of the Issuer, the SDIF will take over the management of the Issuer.  Pursuant 
to Article 106 of the Banking Law, following cancellation of the Issuer’s banking licence and takeover 
of the Issuer by the SDIF, the SDIF will apply to the court for bankruptcy of the Issuer.  The bankruptcy 
court is required to rule on the bankruptcy of the Issuer within six months of the application and appoint 
the SDIF as the bankruptcy administrator.
In the event that a bankruptcy judgment is issued, the SDIF will participate in the bankruptcy 
estate as a privileged creditor, having priority over all privileged creditors specified in Article 206 of 
the Execution and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 (İcra ve İflas Kanunu), after deduction of the receivables 
of the State and social security organisations set forth in Law No. 6183 on the Collection Procedures of 
Public Receivables.
In case the bankruptcy court does not render a bankruptcy decision, then the voluntary 
liquidation of the Issuer shall commence, and such process shall be conducted by the SDIF through the 
appointment of liquidation board members by the SDIF, without requiring the resolution of the general 
assembly of the Issuer and without being subject to the provisions of the Turkish Commercial Code 
regarding the dissolution and liquidation of joint stock companies.

--- Page 294 ---
280
OVERVIEW OF THE TURKISH RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN MARKET
The following is a general overview of the Turkish residential mortgage loan market.  The 
summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of the Turkish residential mortgage 
loan market or any aspect thereof.
Turkish Residential Mortgage Loan Market
According to TurkStat, house sales increased by 11.2% in 2020 compared to the previous year 
to a total of 1,499,316. In the January-December period, sales of mortgaged houses numbered 573,337 
and increased by 72.4%. In other types of sales, sales decreased by 8.9% to 925,979. The declining 
interest rate environment in 2020 has encouraged borrowers to seek mortgage loans and lenders to 
increase their business in these higher-yielding retail products.
The following table provides the residential mortgage loans-to-GDP ratio and the outstanding 
principal amount of residential mortgage loans as of the indicated dates:
As of 31 December
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
Residential 
Mortgage 
loans-to-
GDP ratio 
4.27%
4.96%
4.99%
5.06%
5.59%
5.57%
5.63%
5.84%
5.96%
5.07%
Residential 
Mortgage 
loans 
42,643
57,485
69,622
79,429
101,148
113,793
131,652
152,399
174,056
187,963
______________
Source: BRSA
The main drivers of this growth have been: (a) the historically very low use of residential 
mortgage loans, reflecting the traditional approach in Turkey of paying cash for a home (occasionally 
with funds borrowed from family members or other non-bank sources); (b) lower interest rates in 
Turkey, particularly through mid-2020; (c) favourable demographics as a result of Turkey’s significant 
and growing population of people in their 20s and 30s, including many young families; (d) the 
significant (though volatile) growth in GDP; (e) revisions to Turkish laws that have made mortgage 
lending more attractive to Turkish banks; and/or (f) greater stability in the value of the Turkish Lira, 
thereby encouraging Turkish lenders to make longer term loans denominated in Turkish Lira.
As noted above, the Turkish residential mortgage market was historically very small, being 
almost non-existent until 2004 as a result of persistently high budget deficits, inflation and interest rates.  
Following the economic crisis in 2001, Turkey has experienced a more stable political and economic 
environment and has implemented more prudent economic policies, which have significantly reduced 
the level of inflation and the volatility of the value of the Turkish Lira.  In line with these improvements, 
Turkish interest rates have declined significantly and made mortgage borrowing more affordable for 
Turkish borrowers.
State-sponsored public packages and the provision of favorable interest rates also contributed 
positively to the housing loan sector. At the end of September 2020, the volume of housing loans was 
TL 277 billion. While the share of public deposit banks in the total housing loan volume was 54.7% in 
September 2019, it increased to 63.3% in September 2020. In September 2020, the share of domestic 
private banks decreased from 22.9% to 16.50%, and the share of foreign deposit banks from 16.2% to 
11.2%, compared to the same period of the previous year.

--- Page 295 ---
281
The following table sets out the average CPI inflation levels and average residential mortgage 
interest rates in Turkey for each of the indicated years:
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
CPI..........................
8.57%
6.47%
8.89%
7.49%
8.85%
7.67%
8.53%
11.20%
16.22%
15.46%
12.26%
Mortgage interest 
rates ........................
11.00%
11.59%
12.40%
9.69%
11.90%
12.39%
13.24%
11.77%
19.29%
17.75%
12.47%
______________
Source: Central Bank
Mortgage interest rates and the growth in mortgage loans are intercorrelated, with a declining 
interest rate environment resulting in greater demand from borrowers.  A declining interest rate 
environment also encourages lenders to offer greater amounts of mortgage loans due to their relatively 
higher net interest margin as compared to traditional corporate loans.  Consistent with this correlation, 
the highest expansion in the outstanding principal amount of residential mortgage loans was 
experienced in 2010 and 2013, which also had the lowest average mortgage interest rates (11.00% and 
9.69%, respectively) on record.  State-sponsored low interest rates (7.68% and 8.88%, respectively) are 
supported for up to 15 years, with a grace period of up to 12 months for first or second hand housing 
purchases.
The following table sets forth the growth in the principal amount of outstanding residential 
mortgages:
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
(TL, millions)
Growth in 
outstanding 
principal
15,921
13,794
11,454
24,244
15,464
17,785
20,68
13,605
12,506
11,057
79,162
____________
Source: BRSA
Loan Provisions
In Turkey, banks announce mortgage rates on a monthly basis instead of a yearly basis (e.g., 
1% monthly instead of 12% yearly).  Almost all Turkish mortgage loans are fixed rate loans and, as a 
result of a change of law in 2009 requiring loans to Turkish citizens to be denominated in Turkish Lira, 
all are denominated in Turkish Lira other than a very small number of mortgage loans made to foreign 
citizens with residences in Turkey.  Payments on residential mortgages are almost always monthly and 
generally are effected by having the lending bank withdraw funds from a bank account held by the 
borrower with the lending bank.
The maximum maturity for residential mortgage loans in Turkey is typically 240 months. The 
average loan amount was 219,000 TL in the second quarter of 2020 and average maturity in housing 
loans is 100 months based on GYODER and Central Bank of Turkey databases. 
Turkish Demographics and Housing Market
Several developments in Turkey, including urbanisation and a young population, provide the 
potential for further demand in housing, and thus further growth in residential mortgage lending; 
provided that the economic fundamentals are favourable, particularly if inflation and interest rates 
decrease. The Turkey Statistical Institute announced the results of its address-based population 
registration system in 2020. The population residing in Turkey increased by 459,365 people compared 
to the previous year, and reached 83,614,362 people as of 31 December 2020. The male population was 
41,915,985 people and the female population was 41,698,377. 50.1% of the total population is male and 
49.9% is female.

--- Page 296 ---
282
According to the results of the Address Based Population Registration System (ABPRS), the 
foreign population residing in Turkey decreased by 197,770 people to 1,333,410. 49.7% of this 
population is male and 50.3% is female according to TurkStat.
While 892,347 houses (59.5% of the total) were bought by men and 483,007 houses (32.2% of 
the total) were bought by women, 23,424 houses (1.6% of the total) were bought jointly by women and 
men in Turkey.
____________
Source: TurkStat
TurkStat announced that the proportion of population residing in province and district centers, 
which was 92.8% in 2019, rose to 93% in 2020. Furthermore, the proportion of the population living in 
towns and villages decreased to 7% from 7.2%. 
The median age of the population in Turkey increased to 32.7 in 2020 from 32.4 in 2019. The 
median age increased from 31.7 to 32.1 for males, while it increased from 33.1 to 33.4 for females. The 
Bank’s management expects that, as a result of these generally favourable demographic trends, the 
Turkish mortgage market will continue to grow in order to finance the annual increase in housing 
demand.
According to the results of REIDIN-GYODER New Home Price Index in December 2020, 
there has been a 0.30% nominal increase with respect to the previous month and in comparison with 
December 2019 there is 7.72% nominal increase. 
In Turkey, house sales decreased by 47.6% in December 2020 compared to the same month of 
the previous year and to 105,981. For house sales in December 2020, İstanbul had the highest share, 
with 20,236 houses sold (19.1% of the total). The mortgaged house sales throughout the rest of Turkey 
decreased to 14,631 (70.9% of the total) compared to the same month of the previous year. House sales 
with mortgage had a 13.8% share of all house sales in Turkey. İstanbul has the highest mortgage house 
sales in Turkey with 3,251 sales (a share of 22.2%). The fewest mortgage house sales were realized in 
Hakkari, with 2 house sales. Other house sales in Turkey decreased by 39.8% compared to the same 
month of the previous year to 91,350. In the other sales, İstanbul was the highest ranked province with 
16,985 sales (an 18.6% share). Other house sales had 83.9% share of all house sales in İstanbul 
according to TurkStat.

--- Page 297 ---
283
____________
Source: TurkStat
House sales to foreigners decreased by 10.3% in 2020 compared to the previous year. In house 
sales to foreigners, İstanbul was the first-ranking province with 19,175 sales in 2020.
Interest Rates and Refinancing 
As noted above, almost every mortgage loan has a fixed interest rate for the entire term of the 
loan.  Although Consumer Protection Law No. 6502 published in the Official Gazette dated 
28 November 2013 and No. 28835 allows the disbursement of residential mortgage loans with variable 
interest rates, the Central Bank determined that any such variable interest rates are required to be based 
upon the consumer price index determined by TurkStat.  As such variable rates are unattractive to 
Turkish banks due to the lack of funding alternatives indexed to CPI, almost all Turkish banks prefer to 
offer fixed rates, which are also attractive to Turkish borrowers due to the certainty that a fixed rate 
provides.
Housing loan interest rates averaged 12.47% in 2020, 17.75% in 2019 and 19.25% in 2018.  
The refinancing of mortgage loans is common at times of significant declines in interest rates (mostly 
seen at single digit periods), such as the declining interest rate environment of the second half of 2009, 
the first half of 2011 and in 2013, when the lowest average mortgage rates were observed.  Housing 
loan growth was also the highest in 2013 at 28%.  The Bank’s management estimates that Turkish banks 
refinanced or re-priced most of their existing residential mortgage loan portfolio in 2019 and 2020 due 
to a decline in interest rates.  In general, Turkish mortgage loan agreements include a prepayment charge 
of up to 2% of the outstanding principal amount of the loan for loans with a remaining maturity of more 
than 36 months, and up to 1% otherwise; however, such charge does not create a significant deterrent 
for borrowers refinancing.  The Bank’s management expects that the refinancing of residential mortgage 
loans will continue as consumers become more educated as to the benefits of refinancing during periods 
of declining interest rates.  Refinancing presents challenges for Turkish lenders due to the increased 
difficulty of matching funding with their mortgage loan portfolio and, by definition, the high probability 
of being unable to relend prepaid funds at the same or a higher interest rate than the rate applicable to 
the prepaid loan.
As a result of the predominance of fixed rate loans and the declines in interest rates, refinancing 
of mortgage loans is becoming more common.  The Bank’s management estimates that Turkish banks 
refinanced or re-priced almost half of their existing residential mortgage loan portfolio.  In general, 
Turkish mortgage loan agreements include a prepayment charge of up to 2% of the outstanding principal 
amount of the loan for loans with the remaining maturity of more than 36 months, and up to 1% 
otherwise; however, such charge does not create a significant deterrent for borrowers if the difference 
between the interest rate on their existing mortgage loan and the interest rate on a refinanced loan is 
greater than 1% per annum.

--- Page 298 ---
284
SUMMARY OF THE TURKISH COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION
The following is a summary of the provisions of the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation 
relevant to the transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which Covered Bondholders should 
be aware.  The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the 
Turkish legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to Covered Bonds and prospective Covered 
Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Introduction
The primary legislation with respect to the transaction and the structure described herein is the 
Capital Markets Law and the secondary legislation is the Covered Bonds Communiqué which was 
published by the CMB in the Official Gazette No. 28889 and dated 21 January 2014 (as amended from 
time to time).  The Covered Bonds Communiqué regulates the mortgage covered bonds as well as other 
asset-backed covered bonds; however, as the transaction herein is in relation to the issuance of mortgage 
covered bonds, this summary focuses on the mortgage covered bonds provisions of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué.
Cover Pool – composition of assets
An issuer of covered bonds is required by the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation to maintain 
a cover pool for the benefit of such covered bonds.  This cover pool must be maintained in a way so 
that it satisfies and complies with the terms and conditions and legal requirements applicable to such 
covered bonds.  In particular, this cover pool must be in compliance with, inter alia, quantitative 
statutory tests and the eligibility criteria required or implied by the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation 
and the CMB.  In addition, a cover register for such cover pool must be established and maintained in 
accordance with the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation.
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Communiqué, a cover pool may be created with the following 
assets:

receivables of banks and finance companies, resulting from house financing as defined 
in Article 57 of the Capital Markets Law, which have been secured by establishing a 
mortgage at the relevant registry or, if approved by the CMB, otherwise;

receivables arising from financial lease agreements executed within the framework of 
Law No. 6361, provided that they arise out of house financing as defined in Article 57 
of the Capital Markets Law;

commercial loans and receivables of the banks and financial leasing companies and 
finance companies, which have been secured by establishing a mortgage at the relevant 
registry;

in relation to the issuances to be made by mortgage finance institutions only, 
contractual receivables arising from instalment sales of houses by the Housing 
Development Administration of Turkey;

other assets whose characteristics may be determined by the CMB;

substitute assets, which include cash (including cash generated from cover assets), 
certificates of liquidity issued by the Central Bank, government bonds issued for 
domestic and foreign investors, securities issued or secured by the central government 
or the central banks of OECD member states, sukuks issued by asset leasing companies 
established by the Undersecretariat of Treasury and securities guaranteed by the 
Turkish Treasury under the applicable laws thereof; and

derivative instruments fulfilling the conditions of the Covered Bonds Communiqué.

--- Page 299 ---
285
The Covered Bonds Communiqué provides that neither the ratio of the net present value of 
commercial loans and receivables that are included in the cover assets (other than those related with sea 
and air vehicles that have been secured by establishing a mortgage at the relevant registry) nor the net 
present value of the substitute assets (as described above) shall exceed 15% of the total net present value 
of the cover assets.
With respect to the LTV ratio requirements, the portions of: (i) the loans and receivables 
resulting from housing finance; and (ii) commercial loans and receivables that have been secured by 
establishing a mortgage at the relevant registry exceeding, respectively, 80% and 50% of the value of 
the security provided in respect of them shall not be taken into consideration in the calculation of the 
Statutory Tests described below.  The 80% LTV ratio applicable for the loans and receivables resulting 
from housing finance originated from the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks.  The LTV ratio 
is used to calculate the highest amount which may be extended by the bank for a residential mortgage 
loan, based on the appraisal value of the relevant real estate.  On 27 September 2016, by way of an 
amendment to the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks the LTV ratio was increased to 80%.  On 
11 November 2018, the Covered Bonds Communiqué was updated by the CMB to reflect this increase.  
Pursuant to Articles 15 to 21 of Section IV of the Covered Bonds Communiqué, the assets in 
the cover pool are subject to Statutory Tests which comprise the following:
(a)
Nominal Value Test.  The nominal value of the cover assets may not be less than the 
nominal value of the covered bonds.  The outstanding principal amount of mortgage 
loans, the issuance price of discounted debt instruments and the nominal value of 
premium-debt instruments in the cover pool shall be taken into account while 
calculating the nominal value of the cover assets in the cover pool and the contractual 
amount of derivative instruments shall not be taken into consideration while calculating 
the nominal value of the cover assets;
(b)
Cash Flow Matching Test.  The total amount of the interest, yield and similar income 
that is expected to be generated from the cover assets (including the income derived 
from derivative instruments included in the cover register, if any), in each case within 
one year from the relevant calculation date, shall not be less than the similar payment 
obligations that are expected to arise from the aggregate liabilities resulting from the 
covered bonds (including the expenses derived from derivative instruments included in 
the cover register, if any) within such period;
(c)
Net Present Value Test.  The net present value of the cover assets in the cover register 
is required to be more than the net present value of the total liabilities from the covered 
bonds and derivative instruments at a ratio to be determined by the issuer, which ratio 
is not to be less than 2%; and
(d)
Stress Test.  The responsiveness of the net present value, matching the possible changes 
in the interest rates and currency exchange rates, shall be measured by conducting a 
stress test (not being less than 2%).
The Statutory Tests above may vary if the Covered Bonds Communiqué is amended.
Cover Monitor
Pursuant to the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, an issuer is required to appoint a cover 
monitor who will be responsible for monitoring the cover pool and will report to the CMB and the issuer 
with regard to the cover pool.
Pursuant to the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation, an issuer is required to keep a cover register 
for the assets in the cover pool, which register the cover monitor will review.  The cover monitor is to 
procure that the cover register is kept and maintained accurately and in accordance with the provisions 
of the Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation.  The cover monitor is also required to perform an audit and

--- Page 300 ---
286
to provide a report to the issuer at least: (a) every three months for public offerings made in Turkey; 
and (b) every six months for non-public offerings or issuances made abroad.
The Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation specifies that the company that conducts the 
independent audit on the financial statements of an issuer may not be designated as a cover monitor.  
The cover monitor is to be appointed through a cover monitor agreement, a copy of which is to be sent 
to the CMB within three business days of its execution.  The cover monitor can only be removed from 
its duties by the issuer based upon just grounds to be submitted to the CMB in writing and by obtaining 
the consent of the CMB.  The CMB is authorised to remove the cover monitor or replace the cover 
monitor with a new cover monitor if it determines that the cover monitor no longer meets the 
requirements to qualify as a cover monitor or is negligent or at fault while conducting its duties.  Based 
upon the general authority of the CMB under the Capital Markets Law, the CMB is entitled to take 
necessary steps in case the issuer or the cover monitor do not fulfil their respective obligations relating 
to the covered bonds.  The CMB is also entitled to impose an administrative fine in case of non-
compliance with the Turkish capital markets legislation.
Non-compliance with the Statutory Tests
In the event that an issuer detects any non-compliance with the Statutory Tests, it is to notify 
the cover monitor of such non-compliance and the cover monitor shall then verify whether such 
non-compliance is remedied by the issuer through a restructuring of the cover assets, redemption of the 
covered bonds or taking any similar precautionary measures within one month as of the detection of the 
non-compliance.
In such case, the issuer must take all necessary actions, including directing the collections made 
from the cover assets to a special segregated account, until the non-compliance is remedied.  During 
such term, the amounts directed to this special segregated account may only be used for the payment of 
the total liabilities arising from the cover pool that have become due and payable during the period of 
non-compliance (which the cover monitor is to verify).
After such verification, if: (a) it is established by the cover monitor that the Statutory Tests are 
complied with, then the collection amounts accumulated in the special segregated account will be 
transferred to the issuer’s accounts and may be used by the issuer; or (b) the Statutory Tests are still not 
complied with, the collections from the cover pool are not accumulated in a special segregated account 
or such collections have not been used for the payment of the total liabilities arising from the cover pool 
that have become due and payable during the non-compliance period, then the cover monitor shall notify 
such situation to the issuer.
Non-compliance by the Issuer with the payment liability under the Covered Bonds
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Communiqué, if an issuer does not completely or partially 
perform its total liabilities arising from the cover pool, then the issuer must so notify the cover monitor.
If an issuer has failed to completely or partially perform its total liabilities arising from the 
cover pool, then the collections to be made from the cover pool are to be accumulated in a segregated 
account from the date of non-payment and such collected amounts are to be used solely for the payment 
of the total liabilities arising from the cover pool that have become due and payable.
The cover monitor must determine within one month as of the date of complete or partial 
non-performance of the payment obligations of an issuer under the covered bonds or related derivative 
instruments whether: (a) the collections made from the cover pool have been accumulated in a special 
segregated account; (b) such collected amounts have been used solely for the payment of the total 
liabilities arising from the cover pool that have become due and payable; and (c) the cover pool is 
sufficient to meet the total liabilities arising from the cover pool.  The cover monitor is to notify the 
issuer of the results of such determination.

--- Page 301 ---
287
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Communiqué, the covered bondholders and hedging 
counterparties do not need to wait until the completion of the liquidation of the assets in the cover pool 
for recourse to the other assets of the issuer.  Such right of recourse to the other assets of the issuer can 
be initiated in accordance with the Covered Bonds Communiqué.
Third party service providers
An issuer may, provided that the liabilities of such issuer within the scope of the Covered Bonds 
Communiqué continue, utilise the services of expert third party service providers (as deemed 
appropriate by the CMB) to perform some of the duties of such issuer in respect of the management of 
the cover pool.  If such third party service providers are to be appointed, then the issuer is required to 
notify the CMB of such fact before the sale of the covered bonds and disclose such fact in the prospectus 
or the issuance certificate for the covered bonds.
Administrator
In the event that: (a) the management and supervision of an issuer is transferred to public 
institutions; (b) the operating licence of an issuer is cancelled; or (c) an issuer is bankrupt, the CMB 
may appoint another bank or a mortgage finance institution, satisfying the requirements for issuers of 
covered bonds, the cover monitor, another independent audit company or an expert third party 
institution approved by the CMB to act as an administrator.  This administrator would not be assuming 
the liabilities arising from the cover pool but would manage the cover pool and seek to fulfil the 
liabilities arising from the cover pool from the income generated from the cover pool.
The administrator may actively manage the cover pool to seek to ensure that the payments under 
the covered bonds and derivative instruments arising from the cover pool are made in a timely manner, 
and if necessary may sell assets, purchase new assets, utilise loans or conduct repo transactions.  The 
administrator also may (after obtaining the approval of the CMB) transfer the cover pool and the 
liabilities arising from the cover pool partially or fully to another bank or to a mortgage finance 
institution satisfying the qualifications required for issuers.  The administrator is not to be held liable 
for any payments under the liabilities arising from the cover pool, including if the cover pool and the 
liabilities arising from the cover pool cannot be transferred or the revenue generated from the cover 
pool is not sufficient.
Derivative Instruments
Article 11 of the Covered Bonds Communiqué sets out the specific requirements that derivative 
instruments need to satisfy in order for such derivative instruments to be recognised as part of the cover 
pool and for the claim of the relevant derivative counterparty to be regarded as a part of the Total 
Liabilities.  In general:

the derivative instrument must be traded on exchanges or the derivative counterparty 
needs to be a bank or financial institution (multilateral development agencies also 
qualify);

the derivative counterparty needs to have an investment grade long-term international 
rating (which is tested at the time of entry into of the derivative instrument);

the derivative instrument cannot be unilaterally terminated (except in certain cases) by 
the derivative counterparty even in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer; 

the derivative counterparty must consent to registration of the derivative instrument 
with the cover register; and

the derivative instrument must contain fair price terms and reliable and verifiable 
valuation methods.

--- Page 302 ---
288
An exception to the unilateral termination may be brought, subject to the CMB’s prior consent; 
the Covered Bonds Communiqué stipulates certain exemplary cases: 

the Issuer being fully or partially unable to fulfil its total liabilities and the cover assets 
(derivatives included) being insufficient to cover its total liabilities;

impossibility of performing the derivative contract and violation of applicable 
legislation, and also substantial changes in the legislation applicable which affect the 
essence of derivative contracts;

early redemption of covered bonds; or

the derivative agreement not being registered with the cover register or its removal 
from the same, as a breach of the relevant derivative contract.

--- Page 303 ---
289
TURKISH BANKING SYSTEM
The following information relating to the Turkish banking market has been provided for 
background purposes only.  The information has been extracted from third party sources that the Bank 
believes to be reliable but the Bank has not independently verified such information.
The data provided in this “Turkish Banking System” section has been derived from information 
of the Banks Association of Turkey.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, data as of September 2020 
was available.
As at 31 December 2020, 48 banks were operating in Turkey (excluding six participation 
banks).  Three of these banks were public sector commercial banks, nine were privately owned deposit 
banks, 21 were foreign banks (branches of foreign banks and joint ventures between Turkish and foreign 
shareholders), a bank under the administration of the SDIF and 14 were domestic development and 
investment banks (four of which having foreign shareholding and three having public shareholding).  
There were also six participation banks in Turkey, which conducted their business under the relevant 
legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles.
The former Banks Act was replaced by the Banking Law on 1 November 2005 and the 
secondary Turkish banking legislation has changed substantially between 2005 and 2017.  The Banking 
Law permits commercial banks to engage in all fields of financial activities including deposit taking, 
corporate and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, certain capital markets activities, 
securities trading and investment banking (except collecting participation funds) and financial leasing 
activities.
The Turkish banking system has become increasingly competitive over the last decade.  The 
expansion of the Turkish banking sector was initially fuelled by economic growth and the liberalisation 
of the economy and went through a rapid and significant consolidation as many banks with weaker 
financial standing were taken over by the SDIF and removed from the sector.  The Government has also 
contributed to structural improvements in the banking system through various regulatory arrangements, 
including standardised accounting practices, external auditing, higher capital adequacy standards, 
stricter treatment of non-performing credits and the proposed phasing out of deposit insurance.  The 
objective of these regulatory changes has been to strengthen the banking sector and to increase the 
transparency and overall efficiency of the Turkish banking sector.
Following the financial crisis in 2001, the BRSA started to intervene actively in the banking 
sector.  The BRSA is an autonomous and independent body and is the sole regulatory and supervisory 
authority for the Turkish banking system.  The BRSA required privately owned commercial banks that 
had the authority to accept deposits to undergo a three-tier audit process in 2001, which was strictly 
monitored by the BRSA.  The three-tier audit process was then by far the most comprehensive audit 
completed on Turkish banks, comprising a full audit by two independent auditors as well as BRSA 
auditors.  A detailed analysis of each bank’s cash flows was undertaken, with a significant proportion 
of its credits being evaluated and an aggressive position taken on classifying credits as non-performing.  
The most conservative of the three audit reports was then delivered to the BRSA to enable it to evaluate 
each bank’s financial position.  This process was completed by mid-2002.  Moreover, in line with the 
regulations of the former Banks Act, banks established risk management departments reporting directly 
to their respective boards of directors.  Accordingly, since 2002, risks taken by Turkish banks in terms 
of market, credit and operations are required to be calculated and monitored by these risk management 
departments.

--- Page 304 ---
290
The following table sets out certain statistical information for the Turkish banking sector as of 
31 September 2020 under bank only BRSA reporting standards. Branch and employee numbers are as 
at 30 September 2020, taken from The Banks Association of Turkey:
Public sector 
banks
Privately 
owned banks
Foreign banks
Development 
and investment 
banks
Total
(TL, millions)
Total assets................................................
2,225,433
1,744,708
1,215,010
384,056
5,569,207
Total loans, net..........................................
1,484,575
1,048,757
771,557
286,523
3,591,413
Total deposits ............................................
1,479,488
1,061,221
740,188
- 
3,280,896
Total equity ...............................................
170,538
188,943
134,513
48,764
542,757
Net income ................................................
12,521
15,581
10,896
4,556
43.53
Number of branches ..................................
3,707
3,694
2,614
64
10,079
Number of employees ...............................
60,106
68,015
53,366
5,167
186,654
Number of banks.......................................
3
9
21
14
47
___________
Source:
The Banks Association of Turkey, BRSA
Note:
Banks controlled by the SDIF and participation banks are not included in these figures.
The public and private sector commercial banks form the majority of the Turkish banking sector 
in terms of assets and operations.  The three public sector banks, Ziraat, Vakifbank and Halkbank, which 
all have large branch networks, were originally established with social rather than profit objectives, 
principally to provide services to certain sectors of the working population.  Private sector commercial 
banks comprise full service banks and corporate/trade finance oriented banks.  The four largest private 
commercial banks are Türkiye İş Bankası, Türkiye Garanti Bankası, Akbank and the Bank.  These banks 
provide a large proportion of retail banking services and related financial products to the Turkish 
population in addition to providing large Turkish corporations and Turkish subsidiaries of large foreign 
companies with corporate and foreign trade-related banking services.
Since 2005, the liberalisation of the Turkish economy has resulted in an increase in the number 
of foreign banks operating in Turkey, either as locally incorporated banks, branches or joint ventures 
with domestic banks.  For example, BNP Paribas acquired 50.0% of the shares of TEB Mali Yatırımlar 
A.Ş, which owns 84.3% of the shares of TEB A.Ş, in February 2005.  In September 2005, Koç Finansal 
Hizmetler A.Ş, 50.0% of which was then owned by UniCredito Italiano, acquired 57.4% of the Bank.  
In July 2005, Fortis Bank acquired 89.3% of Türk Dış Ticaret Bankası A.Ş.  Also in July 2005, 
Rabobank agreed to purchase 51% of Şekerbank.  In August 2005, General Electric Financial Services 
purchased 25.5% of Garanti Bankası.  In September 2005, Bank Hapoalim BM acquired Bank Pozitif 
ve Kalkınma Bankası for U.S.$113.0 million.  In May 2006, Tekfenbank was acquired by EFG 
Eurobank Ergasias S.A. for U.S.$182.0 million.  In June 2006, TuranAlem Securities of Kazakhstan, a 
wholly owned subsidiary of BTA Bank, acquired 34.0% of Şekerbank’s shares.  NBG acquired from 
Fiba Holding and affiliates a 46.0% stake in the ordinary shares of Finansbank and 100% of the founder 
shares for a total consideration of U.S.$2.8 billion in August 2006.  In January 2007, NBG acquired a 
further 43.4% of Finansbank’s publicly held outstanding ordinary shares.  Denizbank was acquired in 
October 2006 from Zorlu Group by Dexia for U.S.$2.4 billion.  In January 2007, Citi Group acquired a 
20% equity stake in Akbank.  On July 2007, Turkishbank was acquired by the National Bank of Kuwait 
for U.S.$160 million.  ING acquired Oyakbank for U.S.$2.7 billion in 2007.  In November 2010, 
General Electric Co. agreed to sell its 18.6% stake in Garanti Bank to Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria 
S.A. for U.S.$3.8 billion, and Doğuş Holding A.Ş. agreed to sell its 6.3% stake in the bank for U.S.$2 
billion.  In December 2010, Credit Europe Bank N.V. acquired a 95% stake in Turkey-based 
Millennium Bank A.Ş, a subsidiary of Banco Comercial Portugues SA (BCP), for a total adjusted price 
of EUR 58.9 million and later amended its corporate title to Fibabanka A.Ş.  In June 2010, Türk 
Ekonomi Bankası’s main partners announced their agreement to merge with Fortis Bank under the 
auspices of Türk Ekonomi Bankası.  The merger was completed in March 2011.  On 28 September 
2012, Dexia sold and transferred the totality of its shareholding in Denizbank, amounting to 99.85%, to

--- Page 305 ---
291
Sberbank of Russia for a total price of U.S.$3.6 billion, as subject to certain closing adjustment 
mechanisms.  On 26 December 2014, the BRSA approved the transfer of the majority stake in Taib 
Yatırım Bankası to Azeri Pasha Bank OJSC, the trade name of the bank was changed to Pasha Yatırım 
Bankası A.Ş. following the transfer.
On 27 October 2011, the BRSA approved the application of Bank Audi s.a.l-Audi Saradar 
Group to establish a new deposit bank in Turkey, namely Odea Bank A.Ş., and the operation permit for 
this new deposit bank was granted on 28 September 2012.  This approval and operation permit granted 
by the BRSA is the first authorisation granted to establish a “deposit bank” since 1997. 
Similarly, the BRSA granted to Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Turkey A.Ş. an incorporation 
permit as of 22 December 2012 and an operation permit as of 19 September 2013.  The BRSA also 
granted to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Central Branch an incorporation permit as of May 2013 and an 
operation permit as of 4 July 2014.  Rabobank obtained its incorporation permit from the BRSA as of 
3 August 2013 and an operating permit as of 9 September 2014.
On 6 December 2012, the majority stake in Eurobank Tekfen A.S. was transferred to Burgan 
Bank S.A.K. headquartered in Kuwait.  The trade name of Eurobank Tekfen A.S. was changed to 
Burgan Bank A.S. as of 28 January 2013.  On 1 July 2013, the majority stake in Alternatifbank was 
transferred from the Anadolu Group to Commercial Bank of Qatar.  Similarly, GSD Holding entered 
into an agreement to transfer its majority stake held in Tekstilbank to the Industrial and Commercial 
Bank of China in May 2014.  The transfer was completed on 22 May 2015, leading the Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China to acquire 75.5% issued shares in Tekstilbank from GSD Holding.  In May 
2015 and February 2016, the BRSA granted permission to Ziraat Katılım Bankası A.Ş. and Vakıf 
Katılım Bankası A.Ş., respectively, for each to start their operations as a participation bank.  The 
acquisition of 99.84% of Finansbank A.Ş.’s shares by Qatar National Bank was approved by the BRSA 
and the Turkish Competition Board on 7 April 2016 and 3 May 2016, respectively, and on 15 June 2016 
the acquisition was completed.  In May 2016, the BRSA granted the Bank of China Limited an 
incorporation licence to open a deposit-taking bank in Turkey.  A private participation bank, namely 
Bank Asya, the management of which was taken over by the SDIF on 3 February 2015, lost its operating 
permit by the BRSA resolution dated 22 July 2016 and No. 6947 and its liquidation proceedings were 
started in 2017.  In March 2017, Doğuş Holding A.Ş. sold its further 9.95% stake in Garanti Bank to 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. for EUR 859 million, and consequently Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria S.A. increased its shareholding in Garanti Bank to 49.85%.  In May 2018, Emirates NBD 
Bank PJSC (ENBD) entered into a definitive agreement to buy 99.85% of Denizbank from its parent 
Sberbank and on 27 June 2019 the BRSA granted its permission to the acquisition.  On 26 February 
2019, the BRSA granted permission to Türkiye Emlak Katılım Bankası A.Ş. for it to start its operations 
as a participation bank, whose shares are 99.99% owned by the Ministry of Treasury and Finance.
Development banks are funded by international banks and institutions such as the World Bank.  
Their objective is to provide medium- and long-term financing to Turkish companies that cannot raise 
such funding easily through the market.  These banks do not accept deposits.
Public Sector Commercial Banks
Specialisation
Total assets
Number of branches
(TL, millions)
Bank
T.C. Ziraat Bankası.............................................................
Agriculture
923,689
1,758
Türkiye Halk Bankası .........................................................
SME
663,675
1,011
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası....................................................
Corporate/Commercial
638,070
938
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there were three public sector commercial banks within 
Turkey, all or a majority of which are owned or controlled by state entities.  They generally have large 
branch networks and were originally established for development purposes, such as for agriculture, 
housing or foundations, rather than for profit motives.  The following table sets out the three state owned

--- Page 306 ---
292
commercial banks in Turkey, ranked by size of assets as at 31 September 2020 under bank only BRSA 
reporting standards, and number of branches as at 31 September 2020:
___________
Source:
The Banks Association of Turkey
According to the Banks Association of Turkey, total loans provided by these banks as of 31 
September 2020 were TL 1.5 trillion.  Through their broad branch networks and ownership structures, 
these banks have traditionally been able to collect deposits and thereby access cost efficient funding 
sources.
Banks under the Control of the SDIF
Following the financial crises in 2001 and 2002, 19 private commercial banks were taken under 
the control of the SDIF.  These banks have either been liquidated or sold to other domestic and 
international banks.  As at 30 June 2019, Birleşik Fon Bankası A.Ş., with total assets of TL 3.3 billion 
as at 31 March 2019 and Adabank A.S., with total assets of TL 57 million as at 31 March 2019, were 
under the supervision and administration of the SDIF.  Birlesik Fon Bankası has been incorporated by 
the SDIF by merging the assets of Egebank A.Ş, Etibank A.Ş., İktisat Bankası T.A.Ş, Kentbank A.Ş 
and Toprakbank A.Ş. into Bayındırbank A.Ş and by converting the latter into Birleşik Fon Bankası A.Ş.  
On 3 February 2015, the SDIF took over management of Bank Asya, a private participation bank.  The 
BRSA announced that this action was taken due to Bank Asya’s violation of a provision of the Banking 
Law that requires banks to have a transparent and open shareholding and organisational structure that 
does not obstruct the efficient auditing of the banks by the BRSA.  On 29 May 2015, the BRSA 
announced that shareholding rights (except dividends), management and audit of Bank Asya is to be 
transferred to the SDIF for partial or full transfer, sale or merger of the bank pursuant to Article 71 of 
the Banking Law; provided that the loss shall be deducted from the shares of the existing shareholders.  
In May 2016, the Chairman of the BRSA announced that the SDIF will sell Bank Asya.  Pursuant to 
the BRSA’s resolution dated 22 July 2016 and numbered 6947, the operating permit of Bank Asya was 
revoked.  On 16 November 2017, the Istanbul First Commercial Court of First Instance ruled on the 
bankruptcy of Bank Asya. 
A continued environment of decreasing inflation, declines in yields on trading in Government 
securities and a reduction in the coverage of the SDIF could contribute to a higher level of calls on SDIF 
insurance and further consolidation in the banking sector.
Private Sector Commercial Banks
Private sector commercial banks can be divided into large branch network commercial banks 
and small branch network commercial banks.  The larger private sector banks emerged in the 1940s and 
their branch networks cover the entire country.  Most private sector banks belong to large industrial 
groups, which provide additional support to the banks.
Bank
Ownership
Total assets
Number of branches
(TL, millions)
Türkiye İş Bankası.............................
Bank Pension Fund; RPP; Floated
597,186
1,241
Akbank...............................................
Sabanci Group; Floated
468,592
845
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş................
Koç Holding;  UniCredit S.p.A.; Floated
453,589
719
Türk Ekonomi Bankası......................
Çolakoğlu Group; BNP; Floated
134,446
471
Şekerbank ..........................................
Employee Pension Funds BTA, Samruk 
Kazyna Kazakhstan National Welfare Fund
36,387
238
The following table ranks the larger branch network commercial private sector banks by asset 
size as at 31 September 2020, under bank only BRSA reporting standards:
____________

--- Page 307 ---
293
Source:
The Banks Association of Turkey
The liberalisation of Turkey’s economy and foreign trade in the 1980s led to profitable 
opportunities for banks in the field of trade finance.  Most of the smaller banks concentrate on wholesale 
banking with limited retail services.
The following table ranks small branch network commercial private sector banks by assets and 
number of branches as at 31 September 2020:
Bank
Ownership
Total assets
Number of branches
(TL, millions)
Anadolubank ......................................
Habaş Group
26,751
113
Fibabanka ...........................................
Özyeğin Group
26,448
58
Turkish Bank......................................
Özyol Group and National Bank of Kuwait
1,230
8
___________
Source:
The Banks Association of Turkey
Despite significant growth in the number of small commercial banks, larger commercial banks 
(both private and public) continue to dominate the banking sector.  Out of eight privately owned 
commercial banks, apart from the four largest banks, there are four medium-sized commercial banks.
Foreign Commercial Banks
The strengthening of regulations and the transparency of the Turkish economy over the past 
decade have resulted in an increase in the number of foreign commercial banks operating in Turkey.  
As at 31 September 2020, there were 21 foreign banks in total, 16 of which were locally incorporated 
banks and 5 of which were branches of foreign banks.
The table below presents certain information regarding foreign commercial banks in Turkey 
together with their asset size, under bank only BRSA reporting standards and number of branches as at 
31 September 2020:
Bank
Ownership
Total assets
Number of branches
(TL, millions)
Locally Incorporated Banks
Alternatifbank ....................................
The Commercial Bank (QSC) and 
Anadolu Endüstri Holding A.Ş(1)
34,203
49
Arap Türk Bankası ..............................
Libyan Central Bank, İş Bankası and 
Ziraat Bankası
5,980
7
Bank of China Turkey A.Ş…………
Bank of China
2,088
1
Burgan Bank A.Ş. ...............................
Burgan Bank S.A.K.(2)
23,987
33
Citibank...............................................
Citi Group
17,605
3
Denizbank ...........................................
Emirates NBD(3)
199,628
707
Deutsche Bank ....................................
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
4,674
1
HSBC Bank.........................................
HSBC
49,289
77
ING Bank ............................................
ING
61,673
205
Odea Bank...........................................
Bank Audi sal-Audi Saradar Group
40,252
48
Rabobank.............................................
Rabobank International
1,733
1
ICBC Turkey Bank A.Ş. .....................
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 
Limited(5)
24,113
39
MUFG Bank Turkey A.S. ...................
MUFG Bank, Ltd
14,205
1
QNB Finansbank.................................
Qatar National Bank SAQ13
229,558
515
Turkland Bank
Arab Bank, BankMed and Arab Bank 
Switzerland
2,942
17
Türkiye Garanti Bankası .....................
BBVA; Floated(6)
479,714
902
13 The acquisition of 99.84% of Finansbank A.Ş.’s shares by Qatar National Bank was approved by the BRSA and the Turkish Competition 
Board on 7 April 2016 and 3 May 2016, respectively and on 15 June 2016 the acquisition was completed.

--- Page 308 ---
294
Bank
Ownership
Total assets
Number of branches
(TL, millions)
Branches of Foreign Banks
Habib Bank..........................................
Pakistan
251
1
Bank Mellat.........................................
Iran
1,194
3
JPMorgan Chase Bank ........................
United States
2,598
1
Société Générale..................................
France
109
1
Intesa Sanpaolo ...................................
Italy
15,159
1
____________
(1)
On 1 July 2013, Commercial Bank of Qatar completed the purchase and transfer of 80% of the shares of Alternatifbank from 
Anadolu Group to Commercial Bank of Qatar. 
(2)
In April 2012, Burgan Bank S.A.K., one of Kuwait’s leading banks announced that it had entered into an agreement with Eurobank 
EFG to acquire a 99.26% stake in Eurobank Tekfen.  Following the completion of the transaction, the trade name of Eurobank 
Tekfen was changed to Burgan Bank. 
(3)
On 28 September 2012, Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank, completed the purchase and transfer of 99.85% of the shares of Denizbank 
from Dexia Group for U.S.$3,504 million.  In May 2018, Emirates NBD entered into a definitive agreement to buy 99.85% of 
Denizbank from Sberbank, which acquisition closed in 2019.
(4)
The acquisition of 99.84% of Finansbank A.Ş.’s shares by Qatar National Bank was approved by the BRSA and the Turkish 
Competition Board on 7 April 2016 and 3 May 2016, respectively. 
(5)
GSD Holding Tekstilbank entered into an agreement to transfer its majority stake held by GSD Holding in Tekstilbank to 
Commercial Bank of China in May 2014.  The transfer was completed on 22 May 2015.
(6)
In March 2017, Doğuş Holding A.Ş. sold its further 9.95% stake in Garanti Bank to Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. for 
EUR 859 million, and consequently Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. increased its shareholding in Garanti Bank to 49.85%.
Development and Investment Banks
There are three state-owned, six privately owned and four foreign development and investment banks 
in Turkey.  The following table presents these banks and their assets and number of branches as at 31 
September 2020: 
Total assets
Number of 
branches
(TL, millions)
Bank
State owned Development Banks:
İller Bankası...........................................................................................................................
44,252
19
Turk EximBank......................................................................................................................
208,455
20
Türkiye Kalkınma ve Yatırım Bankası..................................................................................
26,866
1
Privately owned Development and Investment Banks:
Türkiye Sınai Kalkınma Bankası...........................................................................................
52,435
2
Nurol Yatırım Bankası...........................................................................................................
4,256
1
Diler Yatırım Bankası............................................................................................................
186
1
GSD Yatırım Bankası ............................................................................................................
389
2
Aktif Yatırım Bankası............................................................................................................
20,204
12
İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş................................................................................
24,887
1
Golden Global Yatırım Bankası A.Ş. ....................................................................................
168
1
Foreign Development and Investment Banks:
BankPozitif Kredi ve Kalkınma Bankası...............................................................................
Standard Chartered Yatırım Bankası Türk A.S .....................................................................
988
1
Merrill Lynch Yatırım Bankası..............................................................................................
127
1
Pasha Yatırım Bankası A.Ş.(1)................................................................................................
626
1
____________

--- Page 309 ---
295
(1)
On 26 December 2014, the BRSA approved the transfer of a majority stake in Taib Yatırım Bankası to Azeri Pasha Bank OJSC, 
the trade name of the bank was changed to Pasha Yatırım Bankası A.Ş. following the transfer.
Source:
The Banks Association of Turkey
The banks in this category provide medium- and long-term financing to large- and 
medium-sized companies on a project basis.  The major funding sources of these banks are the Central 
Bank, international banks and institutions such as the World Bank, the European Investment Bank and 
various export credit agencies.  These banks do not accept deposits and grant credit only on a project 
basis.  They are also active in foreign exchange and securities transactions.

--- Page 310 ---
296
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Turkey are governed by two primary regulatory 
authorities in Turkey, the BRSA and the Central Bank.
The Banks Act No. 4389 established the BRSA, which ensures that banks observe banking 
legislation, supervises the application of banking legislation and monitors the banking system.  
Accordingly, the BRSA is authorised and obliged to take all steps to assure the effective functioning of 
the credit system in Turkey and to prevent all transactions and practices which could jeopardise the 
disciplined and safe functioning of the Turkish banking sector.  The BRSA has administrative and 
financial autonomy.  The Banking Law No. 5411, which abolished and replaced the former Banking 
Law No. 4389, came into force upon publication thereof in the Official Gazette dated 1 November 2005.  
The Banking Law was passed to increase confidence and stability in financial markets, ensure efficient 
operation of the credit system, and protect the rights and interests of deposit holders.  The Banking Law 
includes provisions regarding capital adequacy, efficiency of control and audit to be carried out by the 
BRSA, creation of market discipline, and enforcing liability insurance requirements for third party 
service providers to banks, such as sworn auditors and credit rating agencies.  Historically, its head 
office has been in Ankara.  However, as of 13 February 2011 and pursuant to Law No. 6111, the head 
office was relocated to Istanbul.
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, 
including the issuance of bank notes, implementation of the Government’s fiscal and monetary policies, 
regulation of the money supply, management of official gold and foreign exchange reserves, supervision 
of the banking system and advising the Government on financial matters.  The Central Bank is 
empowered to determine the inflation target together with the Government, and to adopt a monetary 
policy in compliance with such target.
The Central Bank exercises its powers independently and is responsible for its affairs within 
the bounds of the Government’s defined policies.
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Turkey, including foreign banks.  
The Central Bank sets mandatory reserve levels and liquidity ratios.  In addition, each bank must 
provide the Central Bank, on a current basis, with information adequate to permit off-site evaluation of 
its financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ reports 
and auditors’ reports.  Under current practice, such reporting is required on a daily, weekly, monthly, 
quarterly and semi-annual basis, depending on the nature of the information to be reported.  Official 
certified bank auditors, who are responsible for the on-site examination of banks, implement the 
provisions of the Banking Law and other related legislation, examine on behalf of the BRSA all banking 
operations and analyse the relationship between assets, liabilities, net worth, profit and loss accounts 
and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure.
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Internal Systems and ICAAP of Banks, as issued by the BRSA 
and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and No. 29057 (the “Internal Systems 
Regulation”), banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all of their 
consolidated affiliates) internal audit and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and 
structure of their activities, in compliance with the provisions of the regulation.  Pursuant to such 
regulation, the internal audit and risk management systems are to be vested in a department of the bank 
that has the necessary independence to accomplish its purpose and such department will report to the 
bank’s board of directors.  To achieve this, according to the regulation, the internal control personnel 
cannot also be appointed to work in a role conflicting with their internal control duties.  The Internal 
Systems Regulation also requires banks to internally calculate the amount of capital required to cover 
the risks to which they are or may be exposed on a consolidated basis and with a forward-looking 
perspective, taking into account the bank’s near and medium-term business and strategic plans.  This 
process, referred to as the “Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process”, should be designed 
according to the bank’s needs and risk attitude and should constitute an integral part of the decision-
making process and corporate culture of the bank.  In this context, each bank is required to prepare an

--- Page 311 ---
297
internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) representing the bank’s 
own assessment of its capital requirements.  An ICAAP Report is required to be submitted annually to 
the BRSA, together with the stress test analysis, the internal audit report on the ICAAP and the model 
validation report by the end of March of the following year.  The board of directors of a bank is 
responsible for the maintenance of adequate equity to ensure establishment and implementation of the 
ICAAP Report.
Pursuant to the recent amendments introduced to the Banking Law, the Central Bank has been 
empowered to determine maximum interest rates for lending and deposit taking activities of banks, as 
well as fees, expenses and commissions charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activities.
The Banks Association of Turkey acts as a limited organisation of supervision and coordination.  
All banks, other than participation banks, in Turkey are obliged to become members of this association.  
As the representative body of the banking sector, the association aims to examine, protect and promote 
its members’ professional interests; however, despite its regulatory and disciplinary functions, it does 
not possess any powers to regulate banking.
Shareholding
The direct or indirect acquisition by a person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share 
capital of any bank or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a person if the 
total number of shares held by such person increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of 
the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the BRSA in order to preserve full voting and 
other shareholders’ rights associated with such shares.  In addition, irrespective of these thresholds, an 
assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of 
directors or audit committee or issuance of new shares with such privileges is also subject to 
authorisation by the BRSA.  In the absence of such authorisation, a holder of such thresholds of shares 
cannot be registered in the share register, which effectively deprives such shareholder of the ability to 
participate in shareholder meetings or to exercise voting or other shareholders’ rights with respect to 
the shares but not of the right to collect dividends declared on such shares.
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for ensuring that shareholders attending general 
assemblies have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA.  If the BRSA determines that a 
shareholder has exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) 
without due authorisation as described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the 
board of directors of a bank to initiate proceedings to cancel any applicable general assembly 
resolutions.  If the shares are obtained on the stock exchange, then the BRSA may also impose 
administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or transfer shares as described 
in the preceding paragraph without BRSA authorisation.  Unless and until a shareholder obtains the 
necessary share transfer approvals from the BRSA, the SDIF has the authority to exercise such voting 
and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and priority rights) attributable 
to such shareholder.
Lending Limits
Turkish law sets out certain limits on the asset profile of banks and other financial institutions 
designed to protect those institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of 
related counterparties), in particular:

Credits extended in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are 
classified as large credits and the total of such credits cannot be more than eight times 
the bank’s shareholders’ equity.  In this context, credits include cash credits and 
non-cash credits such as letters of guarantee, counter guarantees, sureties, avals, 
endorsements and acceptances extended by a bank, bonds and similar capital market 
instruments purchased by it, loans (whether deposits or other), receivables arising from 
the future sales of assets, overdue cash credits, accrued but not collected interest,

--- Page 312 ---
298
amounts of non-cash credits converted into cash and futures and options and other 
similar contracts, partnership interests and shareholding interests.

The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, 
issuance of guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group 
directly or indirectly to 25% of its equity capital.  In calculating such limit, a credit 
extended to a partnership is deemed to be extended to the partners in proportion to their 
liabilities.  A risk group is defined as an individual, his or her spouse and children, and 
partnerships in which any one of such persons is a director or general manager, deputy 
general managers and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent or 
higher positions in the hierarchy as well as partnerships that are directly or indirectly 
controlled by any one of such persons, either individually or jointly with third parties, 
or in which any one of such persons participates with unlimited liability.  Furthermore, 
a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to 
nominate board members, its board members, general manager, deputy general 
manager and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent or higher 
positions in the hierarchy, and his or her spouse or children and partnerships directly 
or indirectly, individually or jointly, controlled by any of these persons or a partnership 
in which these persons participate with unlimited liability or in which these persons act 
as directors or general managers constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits 
are reduced to 20% of a bank’s equity capital, subject to the BRSA’s discretion to 
increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to the legal limit.

Loans made available to a bank’s controlling shareholders or registered shareholders 
holding more than 1% of the share capital of the bank and their risk groups may not 
exceed 50% of the bank’s capital equity.
The BRSA determines the permissible ratio of non-cash loans, futures and options, other similar 
transactions, avals, acceptances, guarantees and sureties, and bills of exchange, bonds and other similar 
capital markets instruments issued or guaranteed by, and credit and other financial instruments and 
other contracts entered into with, governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with 
the BRSA for the purpose of calculation of loan limits.
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the 
abovementioned lending limits:

transactions against cash, cash-like assets and accounts and precious metals;

transactions carried out with the Undersecretariat of Treasury, Central Bank, 
Privatisation Administration and the Mass Housing Administration, Türkiye Varlık 
Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş. and Turkish Sovereign Wealth Fund as well as transactions carried 
out against bills, bonds and similar securities issued or guaranteed by these institutions;

transactions carried out with the Central Bank and in legally organised money markets;

in case of new credit allocations to the same person or to the same risk group (but 
excluding cheques and credit cards), valuations prompted by changes in currency rates 
in credits denominated or indexed to foreign currencies, and interests, profit shares and 
other such issues accrued on overdue credits;

bonus shares (scrip issues) received as a result of capital increases, and any increase in 
the value of shares not requiring any fund outflow;

inter-bank operations within the framework of the principles set out by the BRSA;

--- Page 313 ---
299

shares acquired within the framework of underwriting services for public offering 
activities provided that such shares are disposed of in the time and manner determined 
by the BRSA;

transactions considered as “deductibles” in the shareholders’ equity account; and

other transactions to be determined by the board of the BRSA (the “BRSB”).
Loan Loss Reserves
Procedures relating to loan loss reserves for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law 
and in regulations issued by the BRSA.  According to Article 53, banks must formulate implement and 
regularly review policies regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in 
connection with loans and other receivables and to reserve an adequate level of provisions against 
impairment in the value of other assets, for qualification and classification of assets, receipt of 
guarantees and securities and measurement of their value and reliability.  In addition, such policies must 
address issues such as monitoring the loans, write-off of such loans in accordance with Turkish 
Financial Reporting Standards as published by the POA, follow-up procedures and the repayment of 
overdue loans.  Banks must also establish and operate systems to perform these functions.  All special 
provisions set aside for loans and other receivables in accordance with Article 53 are considered as 
expenditures deductible from the corporate tax base in the year they are set aside. The uncollectible 
loans that are written-off after having reserved requisite provisions are considered to be bad debt within 
the context of Article 322 of the Tax Procedural Law No. 213.
On 22 June 2016, the BRSA published the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2018 in lieu of the Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and 
Receivables published in the Official Gazette dated 1 November 2006 and No.26333.  The 2016 
Provisioning Regulation aims at ensuring compliance with the requirements of IFRS and the Financial 
Sector Assessment Programme, which is a joint programme by the International Monetary Fund and 
the World Bank.  The 2016 Provisioning Regulation requires banks to have adopted Turkish Financial 
Reporting Standards 9, which is the IFRS 9 compliant financial reporting standards of Turkey (“TFRS 
9”) principles, (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related to the assessment of credit risk by 
the end of 2017 and to set aside general provisions in line with such principles.
According to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, the banks are still required to classify their 
loans and receivables in groups, but there are certain changes in the content of the groups compared to 
the Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receivables.  Please note that group 
classification and provision levels for periods before and after 1 January 2018 are not directly 
comparable.  Pursuant to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, banks are required to classify their loans 
and receivables into one of the following groups:
(a)
Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature and Other Receivables:
This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of the 2016 Provisioning 
Regulation, includes other receivables and shall be understood as such elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus): 
(i)
that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal 
entities;
(ii)
the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to 
the solvency and cash flow of the debtor;
(iii)
repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been 
overdue for more than 30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected 
in the future, and that have the ability to be collected in full without recourse 
to any security;

--- Page 314 ---
300
(iv)
in respect of which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable 
debtor has been found; or
(v)
to which 12 months expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9.
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA announced, 
as part of the measures taken against the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, a 
temporary rule (effective until 30 June 2021) providing that the 30 days referred to in 
clause (iii) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group 
I loans longer and then moving into Group II loans at 90 days.
(b)
Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring:
This group involves each loan: 
(i)
that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural and legal persons 
and where negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been 
observed or predicted due to adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or 
in the sector in which the debtor operates, or other adverse events solely related 
to the respective debtor;
(ii)
that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial 
risk carried by the debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan;
(iii)
in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and 
interest payments in accordance with the conditions of the loan agreement, and 
where the failure to resolve such problems might result in risk of non-collection 
in full without recourse to any security;
(iv)
where, although the credit standing of the debtor has not weakened in 
comparison with its credit standing on the day the loan is granted, there is 
likelihood of a weakening due to the debtor’s irregular and unmanageable cash 
flow;
(v)
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for 
more than 30 but less than 90 days following its payment due date (including 
the maturity date) for reasons that cannot be interpreted as a weakening in 
credit standing;
(vi)
in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased 
pursuant to TFRS 9;
(vii)
repayments of which are fully dependent upon security, and the net realisable 
value of such security falls under the receivable amount;
(viii)
that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or 
Group II without being able to be classified as an NPL; or
(ix)
that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and 
classified as a performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions 
stated in the regulation.
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA announced, 
as part of the measures taken against the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, a 
temporary rule providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (v) is replaced with 90 
days, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group I loans longer and then moving 
into Group II loans at 90 days. The BRSA announced on 8 December 2020 that this

--- Page 315 ---
301
temporary rule will be effective until 30 June 2021. The Bank is continuing to provide 
reserves for loans as if this rule had not been implemented.
(c)
Group III: Loans with Limited Collection Possibility:
This group involves each loan:
(i)
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened;
(ii)
that has limited possibility for the collection of the full amount without 
recourse to any security due to the insufficiency of net realisable value of the 
security or the debtor’s equity to meet the repayment of the full amount on the 
due date, and that would likely result in losses in case such problems are not 
resolved;
(iii)
collection of the principal and interest (or both) of which has/have been 
delayed for more than 90 days but not more than 180 days from the payment 
due date;
(iv)
in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank 
of the principal or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 
days from the payment due date owing to reasons such as the debtor’s 
difficulties in financing working capital or in creating additional liquidity as a 
result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which 
the debtor operates or other adverse events solely related to the debtor; or
(v)
that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal 
and/or interest payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days 
within one year of a restructuring or have been subject to another restructuring 
within such one year of the previous restructuring.
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA implemented a temporary rule providing that the 90 days 
referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) are replaced with 180 days, resulting in loans 
remaining categorised as Group II loans longer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the temporary rule does not provide any guidance as to classification of loans with 
payment delays of more than 180 days; however, it might be the case that such loans 
would bypass Group III and become Group IV loans. The BRSA announced on 8 
December 2020 that this temporary rule will be effective until 30 June 2021. This 
temporary rule also suspends the application of clause (v) through 30 June 2021.
(d)
Group IV: Loans with Doubtful Collection Possibility:
This group involves each loan:
(i)
principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be collected in 
full under the terms of the loan agreement without recourse to any security;
(ii)
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly 
deteriorated, but which loan is not yet considered as an actual loss by virtue of 
contribution expected from factors such as merger, the possibility of finding 
new financing or a capital increase to the debtor’s creditworthiness and the 
collection possibility of the credit;
(iii)
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue 
for more than 180 days but less than one year following its payment due date 
(including the maturity date); or

--- Page 316 ---
302
(iv)
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be 
overdue for more than 180 days following its payment due date (including the 
maturity date) as a result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in 
the sector in which the debtor operates or adverse events solely related to the 
debtor.
(e)
Group V: Loans Having the Nature of Loss:
This group involves each loan:
(i)
for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no 
collection is expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount 
is expected to be collected;
(ii)
although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection 
of the total receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely 
within a period exceeding one year; or
(iii)
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue 
for more than one year following its payment due date.
Pursuant to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, loans: (a) that are classified under Groups III, 
IV and V; (b) the debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the 
Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the 
Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 and No. 29511) (the “Communiqué on the Calculation); or 
(c) to which, as a result of a debtor’s default, the lifetime expected credit loss reserve applies under 
TFRS 9 are classified as NPLs.  Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of their 
nominal amounts in situations where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred; 
or (ii) the debt assumed under the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the 
circumstances stated in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above.  If several loans have been extended to a 
debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to 
such debtor by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of 
these loans is classified as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified 
in the respective applicable group other than Group I.  If loans extended to a debtor are classified as an 
NPL, the creditworthiness of other debtors within the same risk group with that debtor should be 
evaluated at the date of classification as NPL of that debtor’s loans.  Accordingly, the loans extended 
to such other debtors should also be classified as an NPL if such loans fall within the scope of any of 
the circumstances stated in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above.
The 2016 Provisioning Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of 
the “reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans.  As for the reclassification of loans, banks are 
required to evaluate such loans with a view as to whether such loans are to be reclassified under different 
groups, such evaluation is to be made at least once during each three-month financial statement term or 
(irrespective of this period) upon the occurrence of developments that pose a risk on such debtor’s 
performance of its obligations, in macroeconomic circumstances, or in the sector in which the respective 
debtor operates, or solely related to the respective debtor regardless of the macroeconomic 
circumstances and the sector.  Such evaluation shall be conducted independently from the credit and 
risk analysis made at the time of the extension of the loan. 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and 
Provisions Regulation, which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this 
amendment, if the portion of a loan for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision 
has been set aside due to the debtor’s default and that is classified under Group V is not reasonably 
expected to be recovered, then such portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be written down within 
the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal reporting period following its classification under Group V.

--- Page 317 ---
303
The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following conditions: (a) all 
overdue repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as an NPL have been collected 
in full without recourse to any security; (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there has been no 
overdue repayment, and the last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned 
in sub-paragraph (a) above) have been realised in full by their due date; and (c) conditions for such 
loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled.  Furthermore, loans (i) that have been fully 
or partially excluded from the assets of the banks, (ii) security which has been enforced to satisfy the 
debt or (iii) repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be classified as a performing loan. 
According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and numbered 8095 and dated 1 
August 2019 and numbered 5477, CGF guaranteed loans and loans restructured within the scope of the 
Framework Agreement (as defined in the “Recent Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and 
Restructurings Regime” section below) will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an amount overdue 
for more than 90 days following the due date; however, pursuant to the March 2020 amendments to the 
rules, the 90 day limit was increased to 180 days until 31 December 2020. 
The restructuring of a loan is defined as privileges granted to a debtor who faces or would 
probably face financial difficulties in relation to the repayment of the loan, to which privileges would 
not be granted to other debtors not facing such repayment difficulties.  These privileges consist of: 
(a) amendments to the conditions of the loan agreement; or (b) partial or full refinancing of the loan.  In 
this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a restructured loan under Group II subject to the following 
conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the 
conditions for the applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have disappeared; (ii) the loan has been 
monitored as an NPL for at least one year following a restructuring; (iii) as of the date of reclassification 
as a Group II loan, there has been no delay in principal and/or interest payments or any expectation of 
any such delay in the future; and (iv) overdue payments and/or principal payments excluded from assets 
in relation to the restructured loan have been collected.  Furthermore, such restructured NPL being 
reclassified as a performing restructured Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the 
restructuring if all the following conditions are met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured 
loan under Group II for at least one year; (B) at least 10% of the outstanding debt amount has been 
repaid during such one year monitoring period; (C) there has not been any delay of more than 30 days 
in principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such 
monitoring period; and (D) the financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer 
exists.  On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published an amendment regulation to the 2016 Provisioning 
Regulation, introducing the possibility of a performing restructured loan being classified as a Group I 
loan, after being monitored as a restructured loan for at least three months and if conditions (C) and (D) 
above, are met (without seeking the satisfaction of conditions (A) and (B) above).  Further, the same 
amendment regulation has provided that changes to the loan terms for, or partial or full refinancing of, 
the companies, the loans of which are classified as Group I and that are not in distress, will not be 
classified as restructuring and may be monitored under Group I. 
Pursuant to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply 
provisions for their loans pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, 
authorise a bank to apply the applicable provisions set forth in the 2016 Provisioning Regulation instead 
of those required by TFRS 9, subject to the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds.  With respect 
to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-months expected credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected 
credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in credit risk profile of the debtor” are considered 
as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to debtor’s default” is 
considered as a special provision. 
Banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to determine 
their general and special provisions in accordance with Articles 10 and 11 of the 2016 Provisioning 
Regulation.  In this respect, such banks shall set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 3.0% of 
their total cash loans portfolio under Groups I and II, respectively.  For non-cash loans, undertakings 
and derivatives, general provisions to be set aside shall be calculated by applying the foregoing 
percentages to the risk-weighted amounts determined pursuant to the 2016 Capital Adequacy

--- Page 318 ---
304
Regulation.  Subject to the presence of a written pledge or assignment agreement, loans secured with 
cash, deposit, participation funds and gold deposit accounts, bonds that are issued by the Government 
and the Central Bank, and guarantees and sureties provided by such, are not subject to the general set 
aside calculation.  Loans extended to the Government and the Central Bank are not to be considered in 
such calculation.  As to special provisions, banks are required to comply with provision rules for NPLs 
under Groups III, IV and V at 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively.
In respect of both general and special provisions, banks are required to consider country and 
transfer risks.  In addition, the BRSA may increase such provision requirements on the basis of banks 
or loans, taking into account the concentration from time to time in matters such as loan size, type, due 
date, currency, interest structure, sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, 
security, and the credit risk level and management.
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply 
provisions under TFRS 9, the 2016 Provisioning Regulation increased the number of categories on 
collaterals (from four to five), amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to 
be deducted, in order to determine the net realisable values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs 
as follows:
Discount Ratio
(%)
Category I Collateral ...............................................................................................................................
100
Category II Collateral..............................................................................................................................
80
Category III Collateral.............................................................................................................................
60
Category IV Collateral ............................................................................................................................
40
Category V Collateral..............................................................................................................................
20
According to the amendments to the Equity Regulation (as defined below) and the 2016 Capital 
Adequacy Regulation that will become effective as of 1 January 2022, general provisions will, from 
that date, no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 capital) of 
Turkish banks and will be deducted from their risk-weighted assets.
Capital Adequacy
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines capital adequacy as having adequate equity against 
losses that could arise from risks encountered.  Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, 
achieve, perpetuate and report their capital adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s 
regulations, cannot be less than 8%.  Despite the 8% minimum capital adequacy ratio requirement, the 
BRSA has declared in the press that its approach is, and will continue to be, to prohibit banks with a 
capital adequacy ratio less than 12% from opening new branches.
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio, to set different ratios 
for each bank and to revise the risk weights of assets that are based upon participation accounts, but 
must consider each bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures.
In order to implement the rules of the report entitled “A Global Regulatory Framework for 
More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems” published by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) in December 2010 and revised in June 2011 into Turkish law, 
the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements in September 2013 and enacted 
its new regulations, the Regulation on Equity as published in the Official Gazette dated 5 September 
2013 and No. 28756 (the “Equity Regulation”), and amendments to the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks (which was later replaced by the 2016 
Capital Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016), both of which entered into effect on 
1 January 2014.  The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its 
existing regulations and communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015, No. 
29511, and 20 January  2016, No. 29599) in accordance with the Basel Committee’s regulatory 
consistency assessment programme, which is conducted by the Bank for The Bank for International 
Settlements and reviews Turkey’s compliance with Basel regulations.  These amendments, which

--- Page 319 ---
305
entered into force on 31 March 2016, include revisions to the Equity Regulation and the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation.
Pursuant to Article 44/3 of the Banking Law and Article 11 of the BRSA Regulation, the net 
worth of a bank (i.e., the bank’s equity) consists of main capital and supplementary capital minus capital 
deductions.  The Equity Regulation defines the capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., 
Tier 1 capital), which is composed of core capital and additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier 
1 capital); and (b) supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions.  The Equity 
Regulation was amended on 11 July 2017 to remove certain capital deduction items such as real estate 
and goods held by the banks in specific circumstances.
The BRSA published the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 
2016 (the “Capital Adequacy Regulation”) and replaced the former regulation, namely the Regulation 
on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks, which was published in the 
Official Gazette dated 28 June 2012 and No. 28337.  Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation: 
(a) both the minimum core capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated core capital adequacy 
ratio are 4.5%; and (b) both the minimum Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated 
Tier 1 capital ratio are 6.0%.  The Capital Adequacy Regulation maintained the capital adequacy ratios 
introduced by the former regulation, but changed the risk weights of certain items.
Accordingly, pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, risk weights of certain assets are 
decreased such as: 
(a)
the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%; 
(b)
the risk weights of consumer loans (excluding residential mortgage loans and credit 
cards) qualifying as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation and instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% 
to 250% (depending upon their outstanding tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor); 
provided that such receivables are not reclassified as non-performing loans (donuk 
alacaklar); and 
(c)
the credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% 
to 0%. 
While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the Turkish sovereign and 
the Central Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks 
be risk-weighted according to their credit assessment, which currently results in a 100% risk weighting 
for Turkey; however, the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Turkey (i.e., the “Turkish 
National Discretion”) revised this general rule by providing that all Turkish Lira-denominated claims 
on sovereign entities in Turkey and the Central Bank shall have a 0% risk weight. According to the 
guidance published by the BRSA on 24 February 2017, foreign exchange-required reserves held with 
the Central Bank and with further guidance published by the BRSA on 16 April 2020 with its decision 
numbered 8999, all exposures to the Central Government of Turkey regardless of the denomination will 
now also be subject to a 0% risk weight. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on 23 March 2020, 
the BRSA announced temporary regulatory forbearance measures (the “Temporary Forbearances”) 
(applicable until 31 December 2020) that allow banks to: (i) in their financial statements from 31 March 
2020 through 31 December 2020, use the foreign exchange buying rates that are used in their 2019 year-
end financial statements for TL conversion of FX denominated risk weighted assets, (ii) if the net 
valuation differences of the securities classified in the “fair value through other comprehensive income” 
portfolio as of 23 March 2020 are negative, exclude these differences through 31 December 2020 when 
calculating a bank’s legal equity in accordance with the Equity Regulation and its capital adequacy 
ratio. According to the BRSA decision dated 8 December 2020 and numbered 9312; the BRSA has 
provided the temporary possibility (effective until 30 June 2021) to the banks to use the simple 
arithmetic average of the CBRT F/X buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation 
date, in the calculation of amount subject to credit risk in accordance with the Capital Adequacy

--- Page 320 ---
306
Regulation, when calculating the value of monetary assets and non-monetary assets (excluding the F/X-
denominated items valued at the historical cost) in accordance with the TAS and the relevant special 
provision amounts.
Amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are 
included in the capital calculations of banks that have issued additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments 
prior to 1 January 2014. According to these amendments, Tier 2 instruments that were issued (among 
others) after 1 January 2013 are included in Tier 2 calculations only if they satisfy all of the Tier 2 
Conditions.
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the 2013 Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, 
the excess amount mentioned in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real 
property owned by a bank cannot exceed 50% of its capital base”), and the commodity goods and 
properties that banks acquire due to their receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon collateral) but have not 
disposed within three years, are no longer deducted from a bank’s capital base.
In addition, the Regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer and the 
Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks were published in the 
Official Gazette dated 5 November 2013 and No. 28812, and entered into force on 1 January 2014 (with 
the exception of certain provisions of the latter regulation entered into effect on 1 January 2015).  The 
Regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer provides additional core capital 
requirements both on a consolidated and bank-only basis.  Pursuant to this regulation, the additional 
core capital requirements are to be calculated by the multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets 
by the sum of a capital maintenance buffer ratio and bank-specific countercyclical buffer ratio.  The 
Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Leverage Level of Banks seeks to constrain 
leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and 
bank-only basis against leverage risks.  In this context, the BRSA further published: (a) its decision 
dated 18 December 2015 and No. 6602 regarding the procedures for and principles on calculation, 
application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer; and (b) its decision dated 24 
December 2015 and No. 6602 regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer.  
Pursuant to these decisions, the countercyclical capital buffer for Turkish banks’ exposures in Turkey 
was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Turkey (effective as of 1 January 2016); 
however, such ratio might fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the 
BRSA.  Any increase to the countercyclical capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the 
relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective as of the date of the relevant 
public announcement.
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, Tier 2 capital 
shall be calculated by subtracting capital deductions from general provisions, issuance premiums and 
the debt instruments that are not to be included in Tier 1 capital and have been approved by the BRSA. 
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of 
the board of directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of 
the new Tier 2 Conditions (except the issuance approval with the CMB) are met also can be included 
in Tier 2 capital calculations.  In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt 
instruments and loans in the calculation of Tier 2 capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit 
for inclusion of general provisions in Tier 2 capital.  Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, the basis for the 
calculation of this limit depends on risk-weighted assets related to credit risk.  That being said, as of 
1 January 2022, general provisions will no longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital 
(i.e., Tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and the aforementioned limit which is calculated on the basis of 
risk-weighted assets related to credit risk will not be applicable as of 1 January 2022.
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in 
the Calculation of Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-
down of the debt instruments or loans that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e.,

--- Page 321 ---
307
additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital) as well as procedures and principles related to conversion of such 
debt instruments into shares.
The Equity Regulation requires banks to obtain the prior permission of the BRSA for a debt to 
be classified as a “secondary subordinated debt”.  In order to obtain such permission, the bank must 
submit to the BRSA the original copy or a notarised copy of the applicable agreement(s), and if an 
applicable agreement is not yet signed, a draft of such agreement (with submission of its original or a 
notarised copy thereof to be made after receipt of the BRSA’s consent).  In considering any such request 
for its permission, the BRSA will evaluate whether the credit in question meets the following criteria:
(i)
the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and such issuance shall be 
approved by the CMB and shall have been fully collected in cash;
(ii)
in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt 
instruments that are included in additional Tier 1 capital and shall be subordinated with 
respect to rights of deposit holders and all other creditors;
(iii)
the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract violating 
the condition stated in the second paragraph (ii) above nor shall it be tied to any 
guarantee or security, in one way or another, directly or indirectly;
(iv)
the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not 
include any provision that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and an 
increase of the interest rate; and
(v)
the payment of debt before maturity is subject to approval of the BRSA. 
If the interest rate applied to a secondary subordinated debt is not explicitly indicated in the 
loan agreement or in the text of the debt instrument, or if the interest rate is excessively high compared 
to that of similar loans or debt instruments, then the BRSA might not authorise the inclusion of the loan 
or debt instrument in the calculation of Tier 2 capital.  In cases where the parties subsequently agree 
that a secondary subordinated debt be prepaid prior to its stated maturity (but in any event after the fifth 
anniversary of its utilisation), they would be required to obtain the BRSA’s permission.  Upon any such 
application, the BRSA will seek to ensure that the equity of the bank shall exceed the higher of: (a) the 
capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Regulation on the Measurement 
and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks along with the procedures and principles on capital 
buffers that are to be set by the BRSA; (b) the capital requirement derived as a result of an internal 
capital adequacy evaluation process of the bank; and (c) the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA 
(if any).
In connection with secondary subordinated debt pursuant to which it has been agreed that a 
prepayment option shall be available and the remaining maturity is calculated by way of taking into 
account the originally agreed maturity date (i.e., not on the basis of the prepayment option date), such 
prepayment option can only be exercised with the consent of the BRSA, which would apply the 
equity-related criteria stated above.
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of Tier 2 
capital as of the date of transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records.  Loan 
agreements and debt instruments that have been included in Tier 2 capital calculations, and that have 
less than five years to maturity, shall be included in Tier 2 capital calculations after being reduced by 
20% each year.
Liquidity Reserve Requirement
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the 
minimum liquidity level in accordance with principles and procedures to be set out by the BRSB.

--- Page 322 ---
308
Within this framework, a comprehensive liquidity arrangement was put in place by the BRSA, 
following the consent of the Central Bank.
The Regulation on the Calculation of Banks’ Liquidity Coverage Ratios, through which the 
BRSA seeks to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality liquid 
assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, both on a 
consolidated and unconsolidated basis, was published in the Official Gazette, dated 21 March 2014 and 
No. 28948 (the “Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios”) and entered into effect immediately with 
the provisions thereof becoming applicable as of 1 January 2014 (with the exception of certain 
provisions relating to minimum coverage ratio levels, which entered into effect on 1 January 2015).  
The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of the high quality asset stock to 
the net cash outflows, both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, cannot be lower than 
100% in respect of total consolidated and non-consolidated liquidity and 80% in respect of total 
consolidated and non-consolidated foreign exchange liquidity; however, pursuant to the BRSA decision 
on liquidity ratios, for the period between 5 January 2015 and 31 December 2015, such ratios were 
applied as 60% and 40% respectively, and such ratios shall be (and have been) applied in increments of 
ten percentage points for each year from 1 January 2016 until 1 January 2019.  Unconsolidated total 
and foreign currency liquidity coverage ratios cannot be non-compliant more than six times within a 
calendar year, which includes non-compliance that has already been remedied.  On 26 March 2020, the 
BRSA provided certain flexibilities to banks that fail to comply with the minimum liquidity ratios under 
the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios to the BRSA until 31 December 2020. The BRSA 
announced on 8 December 2020 that this temporary flexibility would cease to apply after 31 December 
2020.
Pursuant to the Communiqué Reserve Requirements No. 2013/15 and published in the Official 
Gazette dated 25 December 2013 and No. 28862 (“Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements”) and as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the reserve requirements regarding foreign 
currency liabilities vary by category and tenor.  
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, published 
in the Official Gazette dated 27 November 2020 and No. 31317, the reserve requirements starting from 
11 December 2020 and onwards for foreign currency liabilities are as set forth below:
Category of Foreign Currency Liabilities Required
Required 
Reserve Ratio
Demand deposits, notice deposits, private current accounts and the deposit/participation 
accounts with up to (and including) 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and up to 1-year maturities
19%
Deposit/participation accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities ..........................................
13%
Precious metal deposit accounts with up to (and including) 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 
up to 1-year maturities..............................................................................................................
22%
Precious metal deposit accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities........................................
18%
Other liabilities up to 1-year maturity (including 1-year) ........................................................
21%
Other liabilities up to 2-year maturity (including 2-year) ........................................................
16%
Other liabilities up to 3-year maturity (including 3-year) ........................................................
11%
Other liabilities up to 5-year maturity (including 5-year) ........................................................
7%
Other liabilities longer than 5-year maturity ............................................................................
5%

--- Page 323 ---
309
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, the reserve 
requirements starting from 24 February 2021 regarding Turkish Lira liabilities vary by category, as set 
forth below:
Category of Turkish Lira Liabilities Required
Required 
Reserve 
Ratio
Demand deposits, notice deposits, private current ...................................................
8%
Deposits/participation accounts up to 1-month maturity (including 1-month).........
8%
Deposits/participation accounts up to 3-month maturity (including 3-month).........
8%
Deposits/participation accounts up to 6-month maturity (including 6-month).........
6%
Deposits/participation accounts up to 1-year maturity .............................................
4%
Deposits/participation accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities.........................
3%
Other Turkish Lira liabilities up to 1-year maturity (including 1-year) ...................
8%
Other Turkish Lira liabilities up to 3-year maturity (including 3-year) ...................
5.5%
Other Turkish Lira liabilities longer than 3-year maturity .......................................
3%
The reserve ratios listed in the table above are subject to continuous changes by the Central 
Bank, and the Bank maintains the required reserves in the amount determined by the Central Bank.  
Starting in September 2010, reserve accounts kept in Turkish Lira became non-interest bearing (reserve 
accounts in foreign currencies have not been interest bearing since 2008).  Pursuant to the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements, interest may accrue on the reserve accounts in accordance with rules 
and procedures determined by the Central Bank.
On 19 August 2019, with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and 
effectively as a macro prudential tool to support financial stability, the CBRT decided to change the 
ratio of and the remuneration applied to required reserves.  Accordingly, the reserve requirement ratios 
for Turkish Lira liabilities and the remuneration rates for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves 
were linked to the annual growth rates of the total of banks’ Turkish Lira-denominated standardized 
cash loans and cash loans under close monitoring, excluding foreign currency-indexed loans and loans 
extended to banks.  For banks whose loan growth is between 10% and 20% (reference values), the 
reserve requirement ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities in all maturity brackets excluding deposits and 
participation funds with 1-year or longer maturity (excluding deposits/participation funds obtained from 
banks abroad) and other liabilities with longer than 3-year maturity (including deposits/participation 
funds obtained from banks abroad), was to be set at 2%.  The reserve requirement ratios for other banks 
were left unchanged.  Additionally, the then-current remuneration rate of 13% previously applied to 
Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves, was set at an increased rate of 15% for banks with a loan 
growth between the reference values and at 5% to others.  According to such arrangement, loan growth 
rates were to be calculated in each reserve requirement period and the banks whose loan growth was 
between the reference values were to be subject to the related reserve requirement ratios and 
remuneration rates in the next three-months (six reserve requirement periods).
On 27 November 2020, as part of its simplification policy, the CBRT decided to abolish the 
differing application to banks of reserve requirement ratios for liabilities and remuneration rates for 
required reserves held with the CBRT, based on their annual loan growth rates. It further decided to set 
the remuneration rate applicable for all of the banks at 12% for Turkish Lira-denominated required 
reserves and at 0% for FX-denominated required reserves.
The reserve requirements also apply to gold deposit accounts.  Furthermore, pursuant to the 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements issued by the Central Bank: (a) banks are permitted to 
maintain up to a maximum of 20% of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars and/or Euros 
(1.0 times) and up to a maximum of 15% of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard gold (at 
1.6 times); and (b) up to the entire amount of reserve requirements that should be maintained for

--- Page 324 ---
310
precious metal deposit accounts should be maintained in the form of standard gold in blocked accounts.  
In addition, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements banks are required to 
maintain their required reserves against their U.S. dollar denominated liabilities in U.S. dollars only; 
whereas, banks are allowed to maintain their required reserves against foreign currency denominated 
liabilities (other than U.S. dollars) in U.S. dollars or Euro.
From April 2013, the BRSA introduced additional reserve requirements for banks that did not 
meet a specified leverage ratio.  Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements which 
entered into force as of 17 January 2014, banks must establish additional mandatory reserves if their 
financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals.  Currently, the Bank’s leverage ratio is above the 
required limit and the Bank has not been required to increase reserves to date.
On 15 August 2017, an amendment to the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios (numbered 
30155) increasing the inclusion ratio of the mandatory reserves held at the Central Bank to 100% from 
50% in the calculation of liquidity coverage ratios was published in the Official Gazette.  The Bank 
does not expect this change to negatively impact its liquidity coverage ratios or the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operation.
On 17 March 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible adverse effects 
on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID- 19 pandemic, the Central 
Bank had issued a press release announcing that (effective from the calculation period of 6 March 2020 
through 31 December 2020) foreign currency reserve requirement ratios had been reduced by 500 basis 
points in all liability types and all maturity brackets for banks meeting the annual loan growth rates. 
However, this reserve requirement ratio regime differing on the basis of annual loan growth rates was 
abolished by a decision of the CBRT published on 27 November 2020, as part of its simplification 
measures. In the same announcement of 17 March 2020, the Central Bank had also confirmed the 
implementation of other temporary measures: (a) providing banks with flexibility in Turkish Lira and 
foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity facilities to banks to 
secure credit flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters by 
facilitating the discounting of export receivables.
Foreign Exchange Requirements
The ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net position to its capital base should not exceed 20%, 
such calculation being required on a weekly basis.  The net foreign exchange position is the difference 
between the Turkish Lira equivalent of a bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange 
liabilities.  For the purpose of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange assets 
include all active foreign exchange accounts held by a bank and its foreign branches, its foreign 
exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange purchases; for purposes of 
computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive foreign 
exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign 
exchange-indexed liabilities and its subscribed forward foreign exchange sales.  If the ratio of a bank’s 
net foreign exchange position to its capital base exceeds 20%, then the bank is required to take steps to 
move back into compliance within two weeks following the bank’s calculation period.  Banks are 
permitted to exceed the legal net foreign exchange position to capital base ratio up to six times per 
calendar year.
Audit of Banks
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, banks’ boards of directors shall establish audit 
committees for the execution of audit and monitoring functions.  Audit committees shall consist of a 
minimum of two members who must be non-executive members of the board of directors.  The duties 
and responsibilities of the audit committee include the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of 
the banks’ internal control, risk management and internal audit systems, functioning of these systems 
and accounting and reporting systems within the framework of the Banking Law and other relevant 
legislation, and integrity of the information produced; conducting the necessary preliminary evaluations

--- Page 325 ---
311
for the selection of independent audit firms by the board of directors; regularly monitoring the activities 
of independent audit firms selected by the board of directors; and, in the case of holding companies 
covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit functions of the institutions that are subject 
to consolidation and operate in a coordinated manner, on behalf of the board of directors.  Furthermore, 
banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all of their consolidated 
affiliates) internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate with the scope 
and structure of their activities pursuant to the Internal Systems Regulation, as issued by the BRSA and 
published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057.
The BRSA, as the principal regulatory authority in the Turkish banking sector, has the right to 
monitor compliance by banks with the requirements relating to audit committees.  As part of exercising 
this right, the BRSA reviews audit reports prepared for banks by their independent auditing firms.  
Banks are required to select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Regulation Regarding the 
Independent Audit of the Banks, published in the Official Gazette on 2 April 2015, numbered 29314 
(as amended from time to time).  Independent auditors are held liable for damages and losses to relevant 
parties referred to under the same legislation.  Professional liability insurance is required for (a) 
independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and certain other support services (if requested 
by the service acquiring bank or required by the BRSA).  Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate 
their financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain consolidation principles 
established by the BRSA.  The year-end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited 
whereas interim consolidated financial statements are subject to only a limited review by independent 
audit firms.  With the Integral Systems Regulation, issued by the BRSA and published in the Official 
Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057, which was most recently amended on 4 March 2017, 
standards as to principles of internal audit and risk management systems were established in order to 
bring such regulations into compliance with Basel II requirements.
The reports prepared by independent audit firms are also filed with the CMB if the bank’s shares 
are quoted on the Borsa Istanbul.  The CMB has the right to inspect the accounts and transaction records 
of any publicly traded company.  In addition, quarterly reports that are subject to limited review must 
also be filed with the CMB.
All banks (public and private) also undergo an annual audit by certified bank auditors who have 
the authority to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA under the “Regulation on Procedures and Principles 
of Audit to be conducted by the BRSA”, published in the Official Gazette dated 22 July 2006 and 
numbered 26236 (“BRSA Annual Audits”).  BRSA Annual Audits by certified bank auditors 
encompass all aspects of a bank’s operations, its financial statements and other matters affecting the 
bank’s financial position, including its domestic banking activities, foreign exchange transactions and 
tax liabilities.  Additionally, such audits seek to ensure compliance with applicable laws and the 
constitutional documents of a bank.  Typically, as an outcome of the BRSA Annual Audit, the Group 
receives a report (the “BRSA Financial Health Report”) and has an opportunity to reply to the report 
before it is finalised, and, once the final report from the BRSA is finalised, makes any necessary changes 
required for compliance.  The Central Bank has the right to monitor compliance by banks with the 
Central Bank’s regulations through off site examinations.
Savings Deposit Insurance Fund
Article 111 of the Banking Law relates to the SDIF and its principles.  The SDIF is a public 
legal entity established to develop trust and stability in the banking sector by strengthening the financial 
structures of Turkish banks, restructuring Turkish banks as needed and insuring the savings deposits of 
Turkish banks.  The SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, transfers 
to third parties and strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the 
management and control of which have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of 
the Banking Law, as well as other duties imposed on it.

--- Page 326 ---
312
Insurance of Deposits
Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law, savings deposits held with banks are insured by the 
SDIF.  The scope and amount of savings deposits subject to the insurance, the tariff of the insurance 
premium, the time and method of collection of this premium, and other relevant matters are determined 
by the SDIF upon consultation with the Treasury, the BRSA and the Central Bank.
Borrowings of the SDIF
The SDIF may borrow in extraordinary situations upon an authorisation from the Treasury by 
borrowing Government debt securities which are issued by the Treasury where it is deemed necessary.  
Principles and procedures regarding the borrowing of Government debt securities, including their 
interest rates and terms and conditions of repayment to the Treasury, are to be determined together by 
the Treasury and the SDIF.
Power to Require Advances from Banks
If the assets of the SDIF do not meet the demands on it and the resources of the SDIF are 
insufficient, then banks may be required to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid 
by them in the previous year to be set off against their future premium obligations.
Contribution of the Central Bank
If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary circumstances, then the Central 
Bank will, on request, provide the SDIF with an advance.  The terms, amount, repayment conditions, 
interest rates and other conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon 
consultation with the SDIF.
Savings Deposits that are not subject to Insurance
Deposits held in a bank by controlling shareholders, the chairman and members of the board of 
directors or board of managers, general manager and assistant general managers, auditors and the 
parents, spouses and children of the above, and deposits, participation funds and other accounts within 
the scope of criminally-related assets set forth in Article 282 of the Turkish Criminal Code and other 
deposits, participation funds and accounts as determined by the BRSA are not covered by the SDIF’s 
insurance.
Premiums as an Expense Item
Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense in the calculation of that 
bank’s corporate tax.
Liquidation
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, the SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate 
the bank under the provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 (İcra ve İflas Kanunu), 
exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office and creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy 
administration.
Claims
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a first degree 
privileged claim in respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF.
Since 25 September 2019, deposit accounts (Turkish Lira, foreign exchange currency accounts 
or other accounts linked to precious metals) opened by natural persons in domestic branches are insured 
by the SDIF up to an amount of TL 150,000 per person, in each deposit bank.

--- Page 327 ---
313
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the 
Official Gazette No. 26119 dated 25 March 2006, and as amended from time to time, are as follows:
(a)
becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations 
in which domestic and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda 
of understanding with the authorised bodies of foreign countries regarding the matters 
that fall within the SDIF’s span of duty,
(b)
insuring the savings deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions,
(c)
determining the scope and amount of the savings deposits and participation accounts 
that are subject to insurance with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the 
Turkish Treasury, and the risk-based insurance premia timetable, collection time and 
form and other related issues in cooperation with the BRSA,
(d)
paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation 
accounts from its sources in the credit institutions whose banking licence has been 
revoked by the BRSA,
(e)
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks 
whose shareholder rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have 
been transferred to the SDIF by the BRSA, with the condition that the losses of the 
shareholders are reduced from the capital, and
(f)
taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked 
by the BRSA and fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and 
liquidation of such banks.
Cancellation of Banking Licence
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the 
BRSA may require the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position.  
Pursuant to the Banking Law, in the event the results of consolidated and unconsolidated audits indicate 
that:
(a)
the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its 
obligations as they become due;
(b)
the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements;
(c)
the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due 
to disturbances in the relation and balance between expenses and profit;
(d)
the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become 
insufficient;
(e)
the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially 
weakening its financial structure;
(f)
the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking 
Law, relevant regulations or the decisions of the BRSA;
(g)
such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems 
or to effectively and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit 
of such systems; or

--- Page 328 ---
314
(h)
imprudent acts of such bank’s managers management materially increase the risks 
stipulated under the Banking Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the 
bank’s financial structure; or
(i)
for domestic systemically important banks, the precautions under the precaution plan 
described below are not implemented promptly, such precautions are unable to cure the 
applicable weakness or it is determined that such weakness cannot be cured even if 
such precautions were implemented,
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank (i) in the event of the 
occurrence of an event described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) above, to:

increase such bank’s equity capital;

not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined 
by the BRSA and to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund;

increase such bank’s loan provisions;

stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders;

dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity;

limit or stop such bank’s new investments;

limit such bank’s salary and other payments; and/or

cease such bank’s long-term investments,
and (ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in paragraphs (e), (f) or (g) 
above, to:

cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation;

cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy; and/or

causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and 
interest rate risks for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan 
approved by the BRSA.
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described 
in paragraphs (a) through (h) that it may deem necessary.
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable 
bank, its financial structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actionshave been taken or 
the BRSA determines that taking such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may 
require such bank to:
(A)
strengthen its financial structure, and to increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital 
adequacy;
(B)
dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by 
the BRSA;
(C)
decrease its operational and management costs; 
(D)
postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to 
be made to its employees;

--- Page 329 ---
315
(E)
limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal 
entities, risk groups or sectors; and
in the event of the occurrence of an event described in paragraphs (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding 
paragraph, to:

convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the 
members of the board of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, 
in the event any board member is responsible for a failure to comply with relevant 
legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient operation of internal audit, 
internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these systems 
efficiently or there is a factor that impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board 
of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated above; and/or

to implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by 
the BRSA to decrease the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of 
directors and the shareholders with qualified shares must undertake the implementation 
of such plan in writing.
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described 
in paragraphs (a) through (h) of the preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary.
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable 
bank, the problem cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA 
determines that taking such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such 
bank to:

limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its 
relations with its local or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period;

apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with 
respect to resource collection and utilisation;

remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of 
directors, general manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department 
and branch managers and obtain approval from the BRSA as to the persons to be 
appointed to replace them;

make available long-term loans, provided that these will not exceed the amount of 
deposit or participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or 
other assets of the controlling shareholders;

limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing 
assets;

merge with one or more other interested bank(s);

provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital; 

deduct any resulting losses from its own funds; and/or

take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary.
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the 
applicable bank within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the 
financial structure of such bank cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is 
determined that taking these actions will not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure,

--- Page 330 ---
316
(d) the continuation of the activities of such bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the 
participation account owners and the security and stability of the financial system, (e) such bank cannot 
cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such bank exceeds the 
total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have 
utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner 
that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of 
such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its board members, may revoke 
the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer the 
management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to 
the SDIF for the purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger 
thereof; provided that any loss is deducted from the share capital of current shareholders.
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case 
of the occurrence of any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their 
financial structures, banks that are classified by the BRSA as systemically important banks must create 
prevention plans and submit those to the BRSA. In the case of any determination of the occurrence of 
any such events (or probability of the occurrence of any such events) with respect to such a bank (on a 
consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such bank must implement the precautions indicated in their 
prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such circumstances and the BRSA may impose the 
implementation of such precautions.
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against 
a bank whose licence is revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision 
to revoke such bank’s licence is published in the Official Gazette.  From the date of revocation of such 
bank’s licence, the creditors of such bank may not assign their rights or take any action that could lead 
to assignment of their rights.  The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the rights of depositors 
and other creditors of such bank.  The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either 
by itself or through another bank it may designate.  The SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy 
proceedings in the name of depositors against a bank whose banking licence is revoked.
Annual Reporting
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and 
procedures (which are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and 
international standards) when preparing their annual and financial reports. Turkish listed companies 
must also comply with the Communiqué on Principles of Financial Reporting in Capital Markets issued 
by the CMB.  In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their accounting systems, correctly record all 
their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in a format that is clear, reliable and 
comparable as well as suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation.
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and 
auxiliary books and records of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents.
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s 
financial statements have been misrepresented.
When the BRSA requests a bank’s financial reports, the chairman of the board, the audit 
committee, the general manager, the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting 
and the relevant unit manager (or equivalent authorities) must sign the reports indicating their full names 
and titles and declare that the financial reports comply with relevant legislation and accounting records.  
In addition, foreign banks must have the members of the board of managers of their Turkish branches 
sign the annual reports.
When the BRSA requests a bank’s annual reports, the general manager, a representative of the 
audit committee and the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting must sign the

--- Page 331 ---
317
reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the annual reports comply with relevant 
legislation and accounting records.
Banks are required to submit their financial reports to related authorities and publish them in 
accordance with the BRSA’s principles and procedures.
Further, banks are required to submit and publish annual reports that comply with the BRSA’s 
established guidelines.  These reports include the following information: corporate profile, assessment 
by the chairman of the board and general manager, details on banking and subsidiaries’ activities, 
management and organisation structures, financial situation, corporate governance practices, including 
human resource implementations, assessment of risk management and policies and a summary of the 
directors’ report and independent auditor’s report.
The Regulation on the Preparation and Publication of Annual Reports regulates the procedures 
and principles regarding the annual reports of banks to be published at the end of each fiscal year.  
According to the Regulation, a bank’s financial performance and the risks that it faces need to be 
assessed in the annual report.  The annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and 
must be submitted to shareholders at least 15 days before the annual General Assembly of the bank.  
Each bank must submit a copy of its annual report to the BRSA by the end of April and keep a copy of 
it in its headquarters and at each branch and publish it on its website by the end of May.
Disclosure of Financial Statements
With the Communiqué on Financial Statements to be Disclosed to the Public published in the 
Official Gazette No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012, new principles of disclosure of annotated financial 
statements of banks were promulgated.  The amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and 
their implication of capital adequacy ratios are reflected in the requirements relating to information to 
be disclosed to the public and new standards of disclosure of operational, market, currency and credit 
risk are determined.  In addition new principles are determined with respect to the disclosure of, inter 
alia, position risks relating to securitisation transactions or investments on quoted stocks.
The BRSA published amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, to the 
Communiqué on Financial Statements to be disclosed to the public setting forth principles of disclosure 
of annotated financial statements of banks in accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure 
regarding Risk Management of Banks and the Equity Regulation.  The amendments reflect the updated 
requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public in line with the amendments to the 
calculation of risk-weighted assets and their implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage 
ratios and leverage ratios.  Rules relating to equity items presented in the financial statements were also 
amended in line with the amendments to the Equity Regulation.  Furthermore, the changes require 
publication of a loan agreement of the bank or a prospectus relating to a loan or debt instrument, which 
will be taken into account in the calculation of the capital of a (parent company) bank as an element for 
additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier 1 capital) and supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 capital), 
on the bank’s website.  Additionally, banks are required to make necessary disclosures on their websites 
immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of a share certificate or 
occurrence of any other material change.
Further, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk 
Management of Banks, which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk 
management (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of 
the Basel Committee.  According to this regulation, each bank is required to announce information 
regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated risk management related to risks arising from or in 
connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market and its operations in line with the standards 
and procedures specified in this regulation.  In this respect, banks are required to adopt a written policy 
in relation to its internal audit and internal control processes.

--- Page 332 ---
318
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the 
procedures and principles relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, 
which article regulates the measures that Turkish companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability 
companies and limited partnerships, in which the capital is divided into shares, including financial 
institutions) are required to adopt in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new communiqué aims 
to clarify and complement the remedial actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign 
exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of capital or insolvency. As companies in Turkey prepare 
their financial statements in Turkish Lira, the value of any foreign currency-denominated asset and 
liability is converted into Turkish Lira based upon the currency rate applicable as of the date of such 
financial statements; however, until 1 January 2023, the communiqué allows companies to disregard 
any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign currency-denominated 
liability while making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be 
required to apply any measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain 
their capital if the relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations.
Financial Services Fee
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended 
by Law No. 5951, banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office, to which their head office reports, 
an annual financial services fee for each of their branches.  The amount of the fee is determined in 
accordance with the population of the district in which the relevant branch is located.
Anti-Money Laundering Policies
Turkey is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force and has enacted laws and 
regulations to combat money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial crimes.  In Turkey, all 
banks and their employees are obligated to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the 
treatment of activities that may be referred to as money laundering set forth in Law No. 5549 on 
Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime (the “Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds 
of Crime”).
Minimum standards and duties under the Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of 
Crime and related legislation in effect, namely, the “Regulations on Programme of Compliance with 
Obligations of Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism” the “Regulation 
on Measures Regarding Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and Financing of Terrorism”, and 
the “Regulation on Suspension of the Transactions Pursuant to the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds 
of Crime” include customer identification, record keeping, suspicious transactions reporting, employee 
training, monitoring activities, designation of a compliance officer, and suspension of the suspicious 
transactions related to prevention of laundering proceeds of crime.  Suspicious transactions must be 
reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board.
The Bank believes it is in full compliance with the Law on the Prevention of Laundering 
Proceeds of Crime and the related legislation.  These regulations include requirements to have written 
policies and procedures on anti-money laundering and “know your customer” principles such as 
assigning a compliance officer, an audit and review function to test the robustness of anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures, monitoring customer activities and transactions and employee 
training. 
New measures against the financing of terrorist activities in Turkey were introduced with the 
entry into force of Law No. 6415 on Combating the Financing of Terrorism on 16 February 2013 (the 
“CFT Law”). The CFT Law expands the scope of the offence of financing terrorism (as currently 
defined under Turkish anti-terrorism laws). The CFT Law also presents new principles and mechanisms 
for identifying and freezing terrorist assets and facilitates the implementation of United Nations Security 
Council decisions, in particular, those relating to entities and/or individuals placed on sanction lists.

--- Page 333 ---
319
Basel III
In December 2009, the Basel Committee published a draft proposal of a new regulatory regime 
for capital and liquidity standards for banks (“Basel III”).  A comprehensive quantitative impact study 
was conducted by banks during the spring 2010 based on the Basel III draft proposal, and the Basel 
Committee issued a final comprehensive framework in December 2010.  On 1 February 2013, the 
BRSA published draft regulations for the implementation of Basel III in Turkey.  The consultation 
period for these draft regulations ended on 1 March 2013 and the BRSA made a public announcement 
on 1 July 2013 that Basel III requirements to be adopted with the regulations will be effective as of 1 
January 2014.  On 5 September 2013, the regulation on equities of banks (i.e. the Equity Regulation) 
and the amendments to the regulation on capital adequacy requirements (i.e. the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks, which regulation was later replaced by the 
2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016) were published in the Official 
Gazette numbered 28756 both of which entered into effect on 1 January 2014.  In addition to these new 
regulations: (a) regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer, which regulates the 
procedures and principles regarding the calculation of additional core capital amount, was published in 
the Official Gazette dated 5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulation on the Capital 
Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer”), (b) the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of 
Leverage Levels of Banks, through which regulation the BRSA would seek to constrain leverage in the 
banking system and maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis 
against leverage risks (including measurement error in the risk based capital measurement approach), 
was published in the Official Gazette dated 5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulation 
on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks”) and (c) in order to ensure that 
a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that can be converted 
into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, the BRSA has published the Regulation 
on Liquidity Coverage Ratios in the Official Gazette dated 21 March 2014 and numbered 28948.  In the 
future, Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements may be further affected by the requirements of 
Basel III regarding regulatory capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk 
measurements.  On 6 August 2014, the BRSA announced that a number of draft regulations, including 
a guide for stress tests on liquidity and regulation on the calculation of internal capital adequacy, 
presented for public opinion as part of BRSA’s efforts of promulgating Basel III requirements by April 
2014, had been finalised and announced in the Official Gazette.  On 6 September 2014 an amendment 
to the Equity Regulation, the draft of which was presented for public opinion in June 2014, was 
published in the Official Gazette and entered into force.  This amendment introduced certain novelties 
as to BRSA’s authority to write off Tier 1 and Tier 2 debt instruments.  In addition to this amendment, 
on 6 September 2014, an amendment to the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital 
Adequacy of Banks was published in the Official Gazette as well as other regulations as to calculation 
of capital adequacy as part of BRSA’s efforts to adopt Basel III requirements. 
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA issued certain amendments to regulatory capital regulations 
with a view to align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements, which are all 
published in the Official Gazette numbered 29511 and which are all to enter into force on 31 March 
2016.  Briefly these new regulations foresaw (i) certain amendments to the Equity Regulation, 
introducing certain clarifications to the eligibility requirements of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
instruments and also amending the regulatory treatment of certain capital items that are taken into 
account for the purposes of calculating regulatory capital of the banks; (ii) certain amendments to the 
Internal Systems Regulation imposing new regulatory requirements to enhance the effectiveness of the 
internal risk management and internal capital adequacy assessment including among others, 
introduction of new stress test requirements; and, (iii) the introduction of the 2016 Capital Adequacy 
Regulation to replace the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of 
Banks.  The BRSA also issued draft regulation to amend the existing equity regulation with the intention 
to revise the regulatory capital treatment of certain Additional Tier 1 notes and Tier 2 notes issued by 
Turkish banks issued before 1 January 2014 based on their issuance dates, maturity and certain terms 
and conditions in accordance with Basel III requirements.

--- Page 334 ---
320
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”) 
regulation introducing a methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are systemically 
important in the domestic market.  The contemplated methodology requires the identification of the 
Turkish D-SIBs under four different categories based on their 2014 year-end consolidated financial 
statements, and requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1% to 3% of additional core 
capital (ilave çekirdek sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets.  This additional core capital 
requirement entered into effect on 31 March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below.
Groups
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%)
2018
From 1 January 2019 
and onwards
2020
from 1 January 
2021
4th group (empty)
2.25
3.0
3
3
3rd group
1.5
2.0
2
2
2nd group
1.125
1.5
1.5
1.5
1st group
0.75
1.0
1
1
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and effective from 1 January 2020, the Bank has been 
classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios.
The Basel III framework includes several key initiatives, which change the capital adequacy 
framework the Basel Committee previously published in 1999 (“Basel II”).  The key changes are, 
among others:
The quality, consistency and transparency of the capital base are increased.  In the new 
framework, the regulatory deductions should mainly be applied to the common equity component of 
the capital base.  Further, to be eligible as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, instruments will need to meet more 
stringent requirements.
The risk coverage is further strengthened, which impacts the calculations of risk-weighted 
assets.  These changes concern increased capital requirement for trading book and re securitisation 
activities, and were implemented in December 2011 throughout Europe.  Further changes, to be 
implemented from 2013, are proposed under the Basel III framework for counterparty credit risk in 
OTC instruments and exposures to banks and other financial intermediaries.  In particular, a new capital 
requirement is proposed for risk of changes in the credit value adjustment.
New minimum requirements and capital buffer requirements are increased.  The Basel 
Committee has defined increased minimum thresholds that banks should at all times exceed, that is, 
minimum 4.5% common equity Tier 1 ratio, 6% Tier 1 ratio and 8% capital ratio.  In addition, the Basel 
III framework introduces a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% on top of these minimum thresholds.  If 
banks do not meet this buffer, constraints will be imposed on the bank’s capital distribution, such as 
dividends.  Also, in periods of excess growth, banks will be required to hold an additional 
countercyclical buffer of up to 2.5% in order not to face restrictions.
As the quality of the capital base is already high with common equity constituting the majority 
of the capital base, the Bank expects that the impact of the Basel III framework on its capital base will 
be limited and believes that it is already in compliance with the capital requirements set forth within the 
Basel III framework.
The Basel Committee has also proposed that the risk sensitive capital framework should be 
supplemented with a non risk based measure, the leverage ratio.  The leverage ratio will be calculated 
as the Tier 1 capital divided by the exposure (on and off balance sheet exposures, with certain 
adjustments for selected items such as derivatives).  A minimum leverage ratio of 3% will be evaluated 
during a parallel run period.  Another new key component of the Basel III framework is the introduction 
of increased regulations for liquidity risks.  The objective of the liquidity reform is to improve the 
banking sector’s ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress, whatever the 
source, thus reducing the risk of spillover from the financial sector to the real economy.  The Basel

--- Page 335 ---
321
Committee has developed two new quantitative liquidity standards as part of the Basel III framework, 
which are the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”).  The LCR 
aims to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality assets that can be 
converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30-day time horizon under an acute liquidity stress 
scenario.  The NSFR, on the other hand, establishes a minimum acceptable amount of stable funding, 
based on the liquidity characteristics of an institution’s assets and activities over a one-year horizon.  
These standards aim to set the minimum levels of liquidity for internationally active banks.
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
LCR is a metric measuring the adequacy of unencumbered free liquid assets (“High quality 
liquid assets”) to meet expected net cash flows over the next 30 days.  LCR is an important Basel 
regulation metric that measures short-term liquidity and is closely monitored in the Group.
High quality liquid assets included in the LCR calculation consist of cash, effective money, 
CBRT accounts and reserves and debt instruments issued by the Treasury of the Republic of Turkey 
which are treated as high quality liquid assets.
Cash outflows from derivative transactions in the LCR calculation are based on inclusion of net 
cash flows with maturity of 30 days in the calculation.  Additionally, transactions having a margin 
possibility are included in LCR calculation by taking the largest amount according to absolute value of 
net margin flows realized in the last 24 months in respect the of 30-days period or for liability into 
consideration as cash outflow.
Secured funding consists of repo and secured loan transactions.  A large part of securities which 
are subject of guaranteed funding transactions consist of Sovereign Bonds issued by Treasury of the 
Republic of Turkey and transactions are carried out both in the CBRT market and inter-bank market.
All cash inflow and outflow items related to liquidity profile of the Bank are included in 
liquidity coverage ratio tables below.  The Group’s LCR based on the simple average of the last twelve 
months LCR for 31 December 2020 was 148.17%.  The table below shows the calculation of LCR for 
the periods indicated:
30 September 2020(1)
31 December 2019(1)
Unweighted Amounts
Weighted Amounts
Unweighted Amounts
Weighted Amounts
TL+FC
FC
TL+FC
FC
TL+FC
FC
TL+FC
FC
High Quality Liquid Assets
High Quality Liquid Assets.................................
—
—
91,546,171   
52,070,455   
—
—
87,661,333
44,566,242
Cash Outflows
Retail and Small Business Customers Deposits..
166,458,40
0   
98,586,950   
15,210,839   
 9,858,623   
138,109,71
3
71,559,646
12,280,972
7,155,880
Stable deposits.....................................................
 28,700,026   
 1,435 
 1,435,001   
 72   
30,599,984
1,683
1,529,999
84
Less stable deposits.............................................
 
137,758,37
4   
98,585,515   
13,775,838   
 9,858,551   
107,509,72
9
71,557,963
10,750,973
7,155,796
Unsecured Funding other than Retail and Small 
Business Customers Deposits....................
 
103,228,73
6   
54,093,932   
56,381,736   
 26,300,571   
90,172,839
48,305,280
50,585,312
24,298,061
Operational deposits............................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-Operational deposits....................................
 79,624,878   
48,264,608   
36,403,137   
 20,471,247   
67,057,937
41,881,649
30,795,420
17,874,430
Other Unsecured funding ....................................
 23,603,858   
 5,829,324   
19,978,599   
 5,829,324   
23,114,902
6,423,631
19,789,893
6,423,631
Secured funding...................................................
—
—
63,786
955
—
—
40724
20838
Other Cash Outflows...........................................
 2,084,207   
 2,084,207   
 2,084,207   
 2,084,207   
2,163,856
2,442,546
2,163,856
2,442,546
Liquidity needs related to derivatives and 
market valuation changes on derivatives 
transactions ................................................
 2,084,207   
 2,084,207   
 2,084,207   
 2,084,207   
2,163,856
2,442,546
2,163,856
2,442,546
Debts related to the structured financial 
products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Commitment related to debts to financial 
markets and other off balance sheet 
liabilities ....................................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Commitments that are unconditionally 
revocable at any time by the Bank and 
other contractual commitments .................
 
115,662,70
0   
82,225,833   
 5,783,135   
 4,111,292   
98,352,547
67,979,626
4,917,627
3,398,981

--- Page 336 ---
322
30 September 2020(1)
31 December 2019(1)
Unweighted Amounts
Weighted Amounts
Unweighted Amounts
Weighted Amounts
TL+FC
FC
TL+FC
FC
TL+FC
FC
TL+FC
FC
Other irrevocable or conditionally revocable 
commitments .............................................
 92,983,698   
13,682,628   
 9,355,167   
 3,515,915   
82,967,517
16,614,348
8,403,838
4,111,332
Total Cash Outflows............................................
88,878,870   
 45,871,563   
78,392,329
41,427,638
Cash Inflows
Secured Lending Transactions ............................
—
—
14,186
—
—
—
51966
—
Unsecured Lending Transactions........................
 34,035,200   
19,460,561   
26,426,016   
 16,963,229   
38,959,285
24,828,509
31,505,959
22,337,694
Other Contractual Cash Inflows..........................
 654,972   
19,173,295   
 654,971   
 19,173,295   
677,894
25,548,194
677,894
25,548,194
Total Cash Inflows ..............................................
34,690,172
38,633,856
27,095,173
36,136,524
39,637,179
50,376,703
32,235,819
47,885,888
Capped Amounts
Total High Quality Liquid Assets .......................
91,546,171   
 52,070,455   
87,661,333
44,566,242
Total Net Cash Outflows.....................................
61,783,696   
 11,467,891   
46,156,510
10,356,909
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%).............................
148.17
454.05
189.92
430.30
_____________
(1)
Figures are calculated based on the simple average between figures for the last three months.
Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields
The table below shows the calculation of Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields as of 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019:
31 December 2020
31 December 2019
(TL thousands, except %)
Daily Annualisation...........................................
1
1
Interest income on Performing Loans .............
24,170,468
26,978,102
TL ........................................................................
17,974,221
21,007,316
Total Performing Loans....................................
274,428,290
222,189,341
TL ........................................................................
167,617,078
132,265,060
Average Performing Loans(1)............................
251,246,429
219,462,657
TL ........................................................................
148,769,587
126,587,041
Performing Loan Yield........................................
9.6%
12.3%
TL Performing Loan Yield..................................
12.1%
16.6%
Interest cost on Deposits ...................................
8,804,130 
15,382,785 
TL ........................................................................
7,894,834
13,101,378
Deposits...............................................................
254,280,156
222,790,118
TL ........................................................................
108,322,127
103,168,839
Average Deposits(1) ............................................
245,132,254
213,414,591
TL ........................................................................
111,935,225
95,253,409
Cost of Deposit....................................................
3.6%
7.2%
Cost of Deposit (TL) ...........................................
7.1%
7.1%
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads.....................
6.0%
5.1%
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads (TL) ............
5.0%
2.8%
______________
(1)
Average figures are calculated as the averages of every quarter between the figures for the beginning and end of the period, 
including the beginning and the end of the period.
Personal Data Protection
The Law on Protection of Personal Data (“Law No. 6698”) was accepted on 24 March 2016 
and published in the Official Gazette dated 7 April 2016 and No. 29677.  A majority of the provisions 
of Law No. 6698 became effective from 7 April 2016.
Under Law No. 6698, the main requirement to collect and process personal data is to obtain 
explicit consent of the person whose data will be collected and processed (the “Data Subject”).

--- Page 337 ---
323
However, personal data can also be collected and processed without the Data Subject’s consent if any 
of the conditions stated below exists:

if collection and processing is permitted by any specific law provision;

if the Data Subject is under a circumstance that prevents him/her from providing 
consent (due to an actual impossibility or lack of legal capacity) and processing is 
mandatory for the protection of the Data Subject’s or third parties’ life or physical 
integrity;

if processing is necessary for the formation or performance of a contract to which the 
Data Subject is a party;

if processing is mandatory for a data controller to perform his/her legal duties;

if personal data has been made available to the public by the Data Subject 
himself/herself;

if processing is mandatory for assigning, using or protecting a right; and

if processing is necessary for purposes within the scope of work and services provided 
by the data controller, which are considered by Turkish law its “legitimate interest”, 
provided that the fundamental rights and freedoms of the Data Subject are protected.
Any personal data that is related to a Data Subject’s race, ethnicity, political views, 
philosophical beliefs, religion, sect or other beliefs, appearance and way of dressing, association, 
foundation or union memberships, information related to health, sex life, past criminal convictions and 
biometric data are considered sensitive personal data.  Under Law No. 6698, sensitive personal data 
may only be processed upon the Data Subject’s explicit consent.  The conditions to legally process 
sensitive personal data are as follows: 

obtaining explicit consent of the Data Subject; and

taking necessary precautions determined by the data protection board of the Republic 
of Turkey (the “Data Protection Board”).
However, explicit consent of the Data Subject is not required to legally process the above noted 
sensitive data under any of the conditions set out below:

sensitive data, except for data concerning health and sexual life, can be processed if 
explicitly permitted by law;

data concerning health or sexual life can only be processed for the purposes of 
protection of public health and planning or sustaining healthcare services by an 
authorised body or persons who are under an obligation of confidentiality;

collection and processing is permitted by any specific law provision; and

collection and processing is mandatory for assigning, using or protecting a right.
According to Law No. 6698, personal data may only be transferred to third parties with the 
Data Subject’s explicit consent.  In the absence of such consent, personal data may still be transferred 
to third parties if the conditions mentioned above for the processing of personal and sensitive data are 
met.
Personal data can also be transferred to third countries with the explicit consent of the Data 
Subject.  In the absence of such consent, personal data may still be transferred to third countries if the

--- Page 338 ---
324
conditions mentioned above for the processing of personal and sensitive data are met and the laws of 
the country to which the personal data will be transferred adequately protect personal and sensitive data.
In case there is no adequate legal protection for personal and sensitive data in the third country, 
the data controllers in Turkey and in the relevant country must undertake in writing to adequately protect 
such data and the Data Protection Board must also approve such transfer.  The Data Protection Board 
determines the list of countries which adequately protect and to which personal data may be transferred 
without the explicit consent of the Data Subject.
Foreign Exchange Legislation 
F/X Loan Restriction
Decree 32 was amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce new restrictions on 
Turkish corporates utilising foreign currency loans from Turkey and outside of Turkey.  While the new 
regime continues to maintain the existing prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign exchange 
(“F/X”) loans and foreign exchange indexed loans, it further introduces a strict prohibition on Turkish 
non-bank corporates (“Corporate Borrower”) utilising foreign currency indexed loans and also brings 
in new restrictions on Corporate Borrowers utilising foreign currency loans (“F/X Loan Restriction”).
Accordingly, a Corporate Borrower shall only be permitted to utilise foreign currency loans if: 
(i) it generates foreign currency-denominated revenue (which is defined as “the revenue derived from 
export, transit trade, sales and deliveries considered as export and foreign currency generating 
activities” in the new legislation) (the “F/X Revenue Exemption”); (ii) the purpose of the loan is to 
finance an activity that is exempt from the F/X Loan Restriction (the “Activity Exemption”); or (iii) if 
as of 2 May 2018, the unpaid outstanding balance of its total foreign currency loans and/or foreign 
currency indexed loans (“Loan Balance”) is more than U.S.$15 million.
As far as the F/X Revenue Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate 
Borrower is below U.S.$15 million, the sum of the foreign currency loan to be utilised and the existing 
Loan Balance must not be more than the combined value of its foreign currency revenues as stated in 
its financial statements for the last three years.  The Turkish-resident financial institutions are obliged 
to control whether such Corporate Borrower complies with this rule.  If not, the Turkish-resident 
financial institutions are obliged to either cancel or convert into Turkish Lira, the portion of the foreign 
currency loan that exceeds this value.
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, 
factoring, financial leasing or financing company resident in Turkey in order to utilise foreign currency 
loans.  In the case of Corporate Borrowers, the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity in the 
context of, among others: (i) a domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate 
Borrower; (ii) defence industry projects approved by the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry; (iii) 
public private partnership projects; or (iv) an export, transit trade, sales and related deliveries subject to 
the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the scope of its relevant activity and its potential sources of 
foreign currency revenues (muhtemel döviz geliri).  Note that in order for a Corporate Borrower to 
benefit from the Activity Exemption summarised in item (iv), it must not have any foreign currency 
revenue within the last three financial years (which otherwise, would be subject to the F/X Revenue 
Exemption) and the maximum amount of foreign currency loan such Corporate Borrower can utilise is 
limited to the amount stated in its certified sources of foreign revenue.  The Ministry of Treasury and 
Finance is entitled to extend the scope of the Activity Exemption, and has exercised such authority and 
included, among others, privatisation tenders, public tenders awarded with an FX consideration and 
unlicensed electricity generation projects within this scope.
F/X Transaction Restriction
Pursuant to a presidential decree (No: 85) (the “Presidential Decree”) published on 
13 September 2018, Decree 32 was amended.  Accordingly, except for certain exemptions determined 
by the Ministry of Treasury and Finance (the “Ministry”), the contract price and all other payment

--- Page 339 ---
325
obligations under (i) sale, purchase, and lease agreements (including financial lease) concerning 
movable and immovable properties, (ii) employment, (iii) service, and (iv) construction agreements 
entered into between Turkish and non-Turkish real and legal persons resident in Turkey must be based 
on Turkish Lira. 
In other words, the Presidential Decree precluded Turkish and non-Turkish real and legal 
persons resident in Turkey from determining, or indexing to, the contract price or other payment 
obligations in foreign currency with regards to the aforementioned transactions.  
Further, a 30-day transition period was envisaged by the Presidential Decree for the Turkish 
and non-Turkish real and legal persons resident in Turkey to amend their existing agreements which 
fall within the scope of the restrictions such that the contract price and all other payment obligations 
thereunder must be re-determined in Turkish Lira.
The Ministry determined on 6 October 2018 the exact scope of the restrictions above introduced 
by the Presidential Decree, by way of setting out the restrictions and exemptions on a contract type 
basis.  The said restrictions and exemptions were further fleshed out by way of amendments to the 
Communiqué 2008-32/34 regarding Decree 32 on 16 November 2018.  Among other exemptions, 
capital markets instruments (including the Covered Bonds) are exempted from this new set of 
restrictions.  Accordingly, issuance, purchase and sales of capital market instruments in accordance 
with the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and its secondary legislation; as well as determination of 
obligations in connection therewith, may be denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currency.
The impact of Decree 32 may have a negligible negative impact in the short term, but the 
Group’s management believes that this is a prudent action in the mid to long term in order to reduce the 
dependency of the Turkish economy on the U.S. dollar and to de-dollarise the Turkish economy.
Restriction on Cross-Currency Derivatives Transactions 
On 13 August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under (i) cross-currency swap, 
spot and forward transactions entered into with non-resident counterparties involving purchase of TRY 
and sale of hard currency at the maturity; and, (ii) any other transaction akin to the cross-currency swaps 
having the same financial effect, to 50% of a bank’s regulatory capital, then reducing this level to 10% 
in February 2020. On 15 August 2018, 50% threshold was reduced to 25%. On 12 April 2020, as part 
of the government’s efforts to contain the possible adverse effects on the Turkish economy of the global 
uncertainty resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic, the BRSA issued a press release announcing that 
this level was reduced to 1%.  In line with the BRSA’s efforts to ease the regulatory restrictions, the 1% 
level was later increased to 10% on 25 September 2020.  Accordinly, now, in the case of a bank 
exceeding 10% level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until the 10% level (which is 
calculated on a daily basis) is attained; however, transactions conducted between local banks and their 
consolidated affiliates located abroad that qualify as a bank or financial institution are exempt from this 
restriction. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be cancellation 
or extension of the referred transactions. 
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s 
currency swaps, forwards, options and other similar products with non-resident counterparties involving 
sale of TRY and purchase of hard currency with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not 
exceed 10% of such bank’s most recently calculated regulatory capital; provided that this restriction 
does not apply to transactions with a bank’s non-Turkish financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that 
are subject to consolidation. With its press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold 
by announcing that transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days shall not exceed 1% of the 
applicable bank’s most recently calculated regulatory capital on any given calendar date. Such threshold 
was applied as 2% for transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 days and 10% for transactions with 
a remaining maturity of one year. In line with the BRSA’s efforts to ease the regulatory restrictions, the 
BRSA eased these thresholds during the COVID 19 pandemic several times. According to the BRSA 
latest decision on 11 November 2020, thresholds mentioned above shall now be applied as 5%, 10%

--- Page 340 ---
326
and 30% for the transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days, thirty days and one year, 
respectively.   
Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates and POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts 
Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers
The Central Bank adjusts from time to time the monthly cap on individual credit card interest 
rates, which was reduced most recently on 29 June 2019 from 2.15% to 2.0%, on 28 September 2019 
to 1.60%, and on 28 December 2019 to 1.40%. With a communiqué published on 31 October 2020, the 
Central Bank has changed the methodology of determination of credit card interest caps. According to 
such communiqué, the monthly cap on individual credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions 
is to be determined by adding 55 basis points on the monthly reference rate published in accordance 
with the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. For FX transactions, such monthly cap is to be 
determined as 80% of the monthly cap for Turkish Lira transactions, by rounding to at most two decimal 
places. The monthly cap on default interest rates for credit card transactions is to be determined by 
adding a further 30 basis points. The monthly caps are published by the Central Bank on the 5th to last 
business day of each month on its official website and are applicable as of the first day of the next 
month. For Feburary 2021, the Central Bank has published such rates as follows: (i) 1.89% as the 
monthly cap on individual credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions, (ii) 2.19% as the 
monthly cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions, (iii) 1.51% as the monthly 
cap on individual credit card interest rates for FX transactions and (iv) 1.81% as the monthly cap on 
default interest rates for FX credit card transactions.
Further, on 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an amendment to the Communiqué 
on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates and 
Benefits in Credit Transactions Other than Interest (Mevduat ve Kredi Faiz Oranları ve Katılma 
Hesapları Kâr ve Zarara Katılma Oranları ile Kredi İşlemlerinde Faiz Dışında Sağlanacak Diğer 
Menfaatler Hakkında Tebliğ) published in the Official Gazette dated 09 December 2006 and numbered 
26371 (the “Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”), capping the commission rates applied 
by the banks in their point of sale (“POS”) business. Accordingly, the POS commission rates applied 
by the banks in goods and service purchases were capped with 1.60%, if the amounts from such 
purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction.
Later on, the Central Bank issued two new communiqués, namely the Communiqué on Deposit 
and Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates (Mevduat ve 
Kredi Faiz Oranları ve Katılma Hesapları Kâr ve Zarara Katılma Oranları Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “New 
Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles 
of Fees to be Collected by Banks from Commercial Customers (Bankalarca Ticari Müşterilerden 
Alınabilecek Ücretlere İlişkin Usul ve Esaslar Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “Communiqué on Commercial 
Customer Fees”) both published in the Official Gazette dated 10 February 2020 and numbered 31035 
and will become effective as of 1 March 2020 (and for the Communiqué on Commercial Customer 
Fees, most of the provisions relating to the fees will become effective as of 01 April 2020). The New 
Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates, which abolished and replaced the Communiqué on 
Deposit and Loan Interest does not have any provisions regulating the POS commission rates; however, 
it introduced a cap to the interest rate applicable to demand deposit accounts. Accordingly, the interest 
rates to apply to deposit accounts are determined freely by the banks, except for the rates applying to 
demand deposit accounts, which cannot exceed 0.25% annually.
POS commissions are regulated under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees and the 
POS commission rates applied by the banks in goods and service purchases are capped with the monthly 
reference rate to be determined by the Central Bank plus 0.45 points, if the amounts from such purchases 
are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction. If the amounts 
from such purchases are not transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the 
transaction, such cap for commission rates are decreased by taking into account the number of days 
between the day of the transaction and the day on which the amounts from such purchases are 
transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal.

--- Page 341 ---
327
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets forth standardized fees and caps for 
commercial customers. Accordingly, credit allocation fees will not exceed 0.25% of the total credit 
limit allocated and credit utilisation fees will not exceed 1% of the total credit utilised. For revolving 
facilities, utilisation fees can only be received periodically and cannot exceed 0.25% of the average 
credit limit for the relevant three-month period. Moreover, the Communiqué on Commercial Customer 
Fees obliges the banks to accept prepayment in case a commercial customer requests to make a 
prepayment for its entire credit debt, in return for a prepayment fee. For loans with a term less than 24 
month, this fee cannot exceed 1% of the amount paid by the customer to the bank following the 
deductions of the relevant interest amount and other cost elements. For loans with a term of more than 
24 months, this cap is set at 2% and for foreign currency denominated or indexed loans, such caps can 
be increased by one point.
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures
In addition to the measures relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 (effective until 30 June 2021) certain measures to support 
banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net foreign currency positions. Pursuant to these 
temporary rules, banks are entitled to use the 2019 year-end buying exchange rates in certain cases of 
calculating the Turkish Lira-equivalent amount of loans and other credits subject to credit risk 
(particularly when making such calculations with respect to cash and non-cash assets, excluding assets 
in foreign currency measured in historical cost). In addition, these temporary rules allow a bank to: (a) 
calculate the level of capital used in its capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding the negative 
net valuation differences related to the securities held in its “securities whose fair value difference is 
reflected in other comprehensive income” portfolio before 23 March 2020, (b) calculate its net foreign 
currency position by disregarding any decline in value of the securities they held in their portfolio before 
23 March 2020 and (c) if the net valuation differences of the securities classified in the “fair value 
through other comprehensive income” portfolio as of 23 March 2020 are negative, exclude these 
differences through 31 December 2020 when calculating such bank’s legal equity in accordance with 
the 2013 Equity Regulation and its capital adequacy ratio.
On 27 March 2020, in line with the Economic Stability Shield Package announced by President 
Erdoğan on 18 March 2020, the Banks Association of Turkey issued a press release regarding a new 
“Check Payment Credit Support” and “Economic Stability Shield Credit Support” for banks. These 
governmental credit supports, pursuant to which banks were to be able to provide loans to corporate, 
commercial and (in particular) SME clients, were to have a maturity of 12 months and an interest rate 
of 9.5% per annum and will require no principal or interest payments for three months. The maximum 
credit amounts that may be lent by a Turkish bank to a customer under these support programmes were 
to be determined based upon such customer’s annual turnover.
On 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced an asset ratio (the “Asset Ratio”) concept, which is 
calculated as follows:
(i) the sum of: (A) the total amount of loans provided by the bank but excluding NPLs, (B) 0.75 
multiplied by the sum of: (1) the total amount of bonds in the bank’s portfolio excluding securities 
issued by issuers resident outside of Turkey and (2) the total amount of all debt instruments, including 
lease certificates and eurobonds, issued by the Turkish Treasury in the bank’s portfolio and (C) 0.50 
multiplied by the amount of the bank’s swaps with the Central Bank pursuant to which the bank sells 
foreign currency and receives Turkish Lira, divided by
(ii) the sum of: (A) the total amount of Turkish Lira deposits and participation funds but 
excluding inter-bank deposits and (B) 1.25 multiplied by the total amount of foreign currency deposits 
and participation funds (including in this clause (B) all gold and precious metal accounts);
the monthly average of this ratio should not be lower than 100% for deposit-taking banks and 
80% for participation banks; any failure to satisfy this minimum level subjects the applicable bank to a 
fine of up to 5% of the shortfall, which fine shall not be less that TL 500,000 in any case.

--- Page 342 ---
328
The BRSA has made numerous changes to the Asset Ratio concept and its calculation 
throughout the year 2020; however, effective from 31 December 2020, the BRSA abolished the rules 
governing the Asset Ratio and all prior BRSA decisions adopted in relation thereto.
On 22 April 2020, the Central Bank increased from 20% to 30% its limit on the amount of a 
bank’s swap sales (i.e., purchase of a bank’s foreign exchange by the Central Bank in return for Turkish 
Lira) in relation to such bank’s total foreign exchange transaction limits with the Central Bank. This 
change is expected to result in an increase in the foreign exchange reserves held by the Central Bank 
while enabling Turkish banks to access additional Turkish Lira funding.
In line with the recommendations, with the intention to support its customers, the Bank started 
to postpone loan payments for three months upon request. As of 31 December 2020 the Bank postponed 
more than 450,000 customers’ payments corresponding to approximately 3% of the Bank’s total cash 
loans. 
Recent Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which 
a contractual event of default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a 
Turkish company for debt restructuring upon settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within 
the scope of this law.  In addition, changes were introduced to this law on 15 March 2018 that (inter 
alia) states that the contractual termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement cannot be 
triggered in case the debtor makes a concordat application and such application shall not constitute a 
breach of such agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the 
Financial Sector (the “Restructuring Regulation”) pursuant to which a framework agreement (the 
“Framework Agreement”) was drafted by the Banks Association of Turkey.  On 19 September 2018, 
the Banks Association of Turkey announced that Turkish banks (including the Bank) and other financial 
institutions, whose shares correspond to approximately 90% of the total loans in the market, executed 
the Framework Agreement, which entered into force on the same date following the approval of the 
BRSA.  The main aim of the regulation is to enhance the repayment ability of debtors in repaying their 
debts to the financial sector in order for these companies to sustain their operations and contribute to 
the employment in Turkey.  The Framework Agreement determined: (a) the scope of debts to be 
restructured, (b) the minimum qualifications of the eligible debtors, (c) the minimum debt amount to be 
restructured, (d) the content of the restructuring agreements and (e) the procedure to determine a 
debtor’s eligibility, which is the capacity of a debtor to repay its debts following the restructuring 
process in line with the repayment schedule.  According to the Framework Agreement, debtors that 
have a principal debt of more than TL 100 million (including cash and non-cash debt) are eligible to 
apply to restructure their debts.  According to the Framework Agreement, the eligible debtor(s) and the 
applicable credit institutions may sign a restructuring agreement at any time through 19 September 
2020.  As such, certain borrowers of the Bank might apply for restructuring of their debt.
In this respect, eligible creditors (the “Eligible Creditors”) that have signed or will be signing 
the Framework Agreement will constitute a creditors’ consortium and, to the extent that a debtor is able 
to meet certain eligibility conditions set out in the Restructuring Regulation and the Framework 
Agreement (together the “New Restructuring Framework”), it will have the right to apply to one of 
the three Eligible Creditors carrying the highest three exposures to initiate the restructuring process.  
Pursuant to the Framework Agreement, when a debtor makes an application for restructuring, there is 
a minimum 90-day standstill period, which can be extended to 150 days.  If the restructuring agreement 
is signed, then, during the standstill period, all enforcement actions by the respective Eligible Creditors 
that sign the Framework Agreement are suspended and no new enforcement action can be initiated by 
such Eligible Creditors against such debtor.  The debtor and any related party (including such debtor’s 
subsidiaries, other affiliates and their respective shareholders) are under the “equal treatment” principle 
during the standstill period, which requires them not to favour any Eligible Creditor over any other 
Eligible Creditor.  Following the negotiations, if a restructuring protocol is entered into between such

--- Page 343 ---
329
number of Eligible Creditors representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding debt of the debtor that 
has been agreed to be restructured under the Framework Agreement, then all Eligible Creditors that 
have signed the Framework Agreement must restructure their loans to such debtor.  According to the 
New Restructuring Framework, a restructuring protocol may (inter alia) provide for a reduction of 
restructured debt, extension of maturities of the restructured debt, extension of new money loans, 
introduction of new framework for the governance of the debtor, injection of shareholder equity 
contribution, disposal of certain part of the business of the debtor and the provision of additional 
collaterals.
The Restructuring Regulation was further amended on 21 November 2018 to enable foreign 
credit institutions to participate in the restructuring process under the Framework Agreement.  
According to the Restructuring Regulation, only debtors that are expected to gain the financial ability 
to repay their obligations in a reasonable period of time are allowed to benefit from financial 
restructuring.  To this end, the solvency of such debtors that would like to benefit from a restructuring 
scheme is to be determined by the entities specified in the Framework Agreement.  Furthermore, the 
Banking Law was amended on 19 July 2019 to incorporate, among others, a provisional article which 
forms the legislative basis of the Restructuring Regulation.  Such amendments contemplate certain tax 
exemptions for, and suspension of execution proceedings against, debtors subject to restructuring, as 
well as a provision which states that reduction of collateral pool, write off of principal or other 
receivables or such other actions taken by banks to effectuate the restructuring of loans shall not 
constitute embezzlement offence set out under Article 160 of the Banking Law.

--- Page 344 ---
330
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect.  The information in this “Book-
Entry Clearance Systems” section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources 
that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable, but neither the Bank nor any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System.  None of the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests.
Pursuant to the Debt Instruments Communiqué, the Issuer is required to inform the Central 
Securities Depository within three Istanbul Business Days from the Issue Date of a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement date, maturity date, interest 
rate, name of the custodian and currency of such Covered Bonds and the country of issuance. 
Book-entry Systems
DTC
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the 
New York Banking Law, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, 
a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.  DTC holds securities that its direct participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC.  
DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers 
and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct 
Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates.  
Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations.  Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as securities 
brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, together with Direct 
Participants, “Participants”).
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the 
“DTC Rules”), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Covered Bonds among Direct 
Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to Covered Bonds accepted into DTC’s book-entry 
settlement system (“DTC Covered Bonds”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions 
of principal and interest on DTC Covered Bonds.  The DTC Rules are on file with the SEC.  Participants 
with which beneficial owners of DTC Covered Bonds (“Beneficial Owners”) have accounts with 
respect to the DTC Covered Bonds similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and 
transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Beneficial Owners.  Accordingly, although 
Beneficial Owners who hold interests in DTC Covered Bonds through Participants will not possess 
Registered Covered Bonds, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a 
mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest 
in respect of the DTC Covered Bonds.
Purchases of DTC Covered Bonds under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct 
Participants, which will receive a credit for the DTC Covered Bonds on DTC’s records.  The ownership 
interest of each Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded on the relevant Direct Participant’s and 
Indirect Participant’s records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of 
their purchases, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details 
of each transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Participant through which

--- Page 345 ---
331
the Beneficial Owner holds its interest in the DTC Covered Bonds.  Transfers of ownership interests in 
the DTC Covered Bonds are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on 
behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their 
ownership interests in DTC Covered Bonds, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for 
the DTC Covered Bonds is discontinued.
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Covered Bonds deposited by Direct Participants 
with DTC are registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co.  The deposit of DTC 
Covered Bonds with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial 
ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Covered Bonds; DTC’s 
records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Covered Bonds 
are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Participants will remain responsible 
for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers.
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct 
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from 
time to time.
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co.  If less than all of the DTC Covered Bonds 
within an issue are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of 
each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed.
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Covered Bonds.  Under 
its usual procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record 
date.  The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants 
to whose accounts the DTC Covered Bonds are credited on the record date (identified in a listing 
attached to the omnibus proxy).
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Covered Bonds will be made to DTC or its 
nominee.  DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in 
accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on the due date.  Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the 
accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name”, and will be the responsibility of 
such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as 
may be in effect from time to time.  Payment of principal and interest to DTC or its nominee is the 
responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of 
Participants.
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Covered Bonds, 
DTC will exchange the DTC Covered Bonds for definitive Registered Covered Bonds, which it will 
distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with their requests and proportionate entitlements and 
that will be legended as set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”.
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge its interest in DTC Covered Bonds to persons or 
entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take action with respect to such DTC Covered 
Bonds, will be required to effect such pledge through DTC and its Participants or, if not possible to so 
effect it, to withdraw its Registered Covered Bonds from DTC as described below.
The laws in some jurisdictions might require that certain persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer an interest in Covered Bonds 
represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond to such persons might depend upon the ability to 
exchange such interest for Covered Bonds in definitive form.  Similarly, because DTC can only act on

--- Page 346 ---
332
behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the 
ability of a person having an interest in Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered 
Bond accepted by DTC to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC 
system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Covered Bonds may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such interest for Covered Bonds in definitive form.  The ability of any holder of Covered 
Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such interests might be impaired if the proposed transferee of such interests is not 
eligible to hold such interests through a Participant.
Clearstream, Luxembourg
Clearstream, Luxembourg is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional 
depositary.  Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through 
electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg customers, thereby eliminating 
the need for physical movement of certificates.  Transactions may be settled by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in any of a number of currencies, including U.S. dollars and Turkish Lira.  Clearstream, 
Luxembourg provides to its customers, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depository and custodial relationships.
Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to 
regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Banque Centrale du 
Luxembourg, which supervise and oversee the activities of Luxembourg banks.  Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s customers are recognised financial institutions around the world, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with an accountholder of Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Clearstream, Luxembourg has 
established an electronic bridge with Euroclear to facilitate settlement of trades between Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Covered Bond held through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Clearstream, 
Luxembourg system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of 
a Definitive Covered Bond for such interest because Clearstream, Luxembourg can act only on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers, who in turn act on behalf of their own customers.  The laws 
of some jurisdictions might require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive 
form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds to such persons 
may be limited.  In addition, beneficial owners of Covered Bonds held through the Clearstream, 
Luxembourg system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in respect of the 
Covered Bonds only through Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders.
Euroclear
Euroclear holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between its accountholders.  Euroclear provides 
various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally 
traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  Euroclear also deals with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.  Euroclear 
customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access to Euroclear is available to other 
institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with accountholders in Euroclear.
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Covered Bond held through Euroclear to 
pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear system, or otherwise

--- Page 347 ---
333
take action in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a Definitive Covered Bond for such 
interest because Euroclear can act only on behalf of Euroclear’s customers, who in turn act on behalf 
of their own customers.  The laws of some jurisdictions might require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the 
Covered Bonds to such persons may be limited.  In addition, beneficial owners of Covered Bonds held 
through the Euroclear system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in 
respect of the Covered Bonds only through Euroclear accountholders.
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of Global Covered Bonds
The Issuer has applied to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to have Global 
Covered Bond(s) accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any such Global 
Covered Bond, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will credit, on its internal 
book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the interests represented by such Global Covered 
Bond to the accounts of persons who have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable.  Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer or 
investor.  Interests in such a Global Covered Bond through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable, will be limited to accountholders of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable.  Interests in such a Global Covered Bond will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests 
will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its 
nominee (with respect to the interests of direct Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders) and the records of direct or indirect Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders (with respect to interests of indirect Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders).
Payments with respect to interests in the Covered Bonds held beneficially through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited to cash accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, respectively, to the extent received by each of them.
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by 
a Registered Global Covered Bond accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any 
such Registered Global Covered Bond, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry 
system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such 
Registered Global Covered Bond to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC.  Such 
accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer or investor.  Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Covered Bond will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Registered Global Covered Bond, the 
respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Ownership of beneficial interests 
in a Registered Global Covered Bond accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to 
the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of 
Indirect Participants).
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Covered 
Bond accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such 
Covered Bond.  In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made 
to the Fiscal Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Fiscal Agent will (in accordance with 
instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial 
holders of interests in the Registered Global Covered Bond in the currency in which such payment was 
made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the 
applicable Participants’ account.
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment 
date in accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason 
to believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date.  The Issuer also expects that payments

--- Page 348 ---
334
by Participants to beneficial owners of Covered Bonds will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or 
the Issuer.  Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Covered Bonds to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer.
Transfers of Covered Bonds Represented by Registered Global Covered Bonds
Transfers of any interests in Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond 
within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary 
rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.  Subject to compliance with the transfer 
restrictions applicable to the Registered Covered Bonds described under “Subscription and Sale and 
Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between Participants in DTC, on the one hand, and directly 
or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be 
effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the relevant Registered Global 
Covered Bonds have been deposited.
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Covered Bonds of such Series between 
account holders in Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Covered Bonds of such 
Series between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the 
trade date (T+3).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and 
Participants in DTC will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  
Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Covered Bonds will be 
effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where 
appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being 
transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee.  In the case of cross-market 
transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
Participants cannot be made on a delivery-versus-payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a 
free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately.
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating 
procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds 
among participants and account holders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, 
they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures 
may be discontinued or changed at any time.  None of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective 
direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds 
represented by Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 349 ---
335
TAXATION
The following summary of certain Turkish and other tax considerations in connection with an 
investment in the Covered Bonds is based upon applicable laws, regulations, rulings and decisions in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change (possibly with retroactive 
effect).  This summary does purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that 
may be relevant in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds and does not purport to discuss 
all of the tax consequences that might be relevant to an investor in light of such investor’s particular 
circumstances or to investors subject to special rules.  Persons considering an investment in the 
Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences of such 
investment in the Covered Bonds.
General
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences, under the tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, 
of a purchase of Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments 
under the Covered Bonds and their disposal or redemption.
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an 
investment by a person who is a non-resident of Turkey in notes (including any covered bonds) of a 
Turkish company issued abroad.  The discussion is based upon current law and is for general 
information only.  The discussion below is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax 
consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Covered Bonds that may be 
relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Covered Bonds.  Furthermore, the discussion only 
relates to the beneficial interest of a person in the Covered Bonds where the Covered Bonds will not be 
held in connection with the conduct of a trade or business through a permanent establishment in Turkey.  
Each investor should consult its own tax advisers concerning the tax considerations applicable to its 
particular situation.  This discussion is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect.  
In addition, it does not describe any tax consequences: (a) arising under the laws of any taxing 
jurisdiction other than Turkey; or (b) applicable to a resident of Turkey or a permanent establishment 
in Turkey resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or appointment of a permanent 
representative.
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Turkey if its corporate domicile is in 
Turkey or its effective place of management is in Turkey.  A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish 
taxes on its worldwide income, whereas a non-resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on 
its trading income made through a permanent establishment or on income otherwise sourced in Turkey.
An individual is a resident of Turkey if such individual has established domicile in Turkey or 
stays in Turkey for more than six months in a calendar year.  On the other hand, foreign individuals 
who stay in Turkey for six months or more for a specific job or business or particular purposes that are 
specified in the Turkish Income Tax Law (Law No. 193) (the “Turkish Income Tax Law”) may not 
be treated as a resident of Turkey, depending on the characteristics of their stay.  A resident individual 
is liable for Turkish taxes on his or her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only 
liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Turkey.
Income from capital investment is sourced in Turkey when the principal is invested in Turkey.  
Capital gain is considered sourced in Turkey when the activity or transaction generating such income 
is performed or accounted for in Turkey.  The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in 
Turkey or, if the payment is made abroad, it is recorded in the books in Turkey or apportioned from the 
profits of the payer or the person on whose behalf the payment is made in Turkey.

--- Page 350 ---
336
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident person is the final tax for the 
non-resident person and no further declaration is required.  Any other income of a non-resident person 
sourced in Turkey that has not been subject to withholding tax will be subject to taxation through 
declaration where exemptions are reserved.
Interest paid on notes (including any covered bonds) issued abroad by Turkish corporates is 
subject to withholding tax.  Through the Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the 
original maturity of notes (including covered bonds) issued abroad as follows:

7% withholding tax for covered bonds with an original maturity of less than one year;

3% withholding tax for covered bonds with an original maturity of at least one year and 
less than three years; and

0% withholding tax for covered bonds with an original maturity of three years and 
more.
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain 
sourced in Turkey with respect to the Covered Bonds may be subject to declaration.  However, pursuant 
to Provisional Article 67 of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by Law No. 6111, special or 
separate tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains from the notes (including covered bonds) of 
a Turkish corporate issued abroad when the income is derived by a non-resident.  Therefore, no tax is 
levied on non-resident persons in respect of capital gains from the Covered Bonds and no declaration 
is required.  Provisional Article 67 is valid until the end of 2025.
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with 
respect to its investment in the Covered Bonds, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, 
registration or similar tax or duty relating thereto. 
In the case of early redemption of any Covered Bonds for taxation reasons, the redemption date 
might be considered to be the maturity date of those Covered Bonds and (if so) higher withholding tax 
rates might apply accordingly.
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates
Under current Turkish laws and regulations, interest payments on notes (including covered 
bonds) issued abroad by a Turkish corporate to a non-resident holder will be subject to a withholding 
tax at a rate between 7% and 0% in Turkey, as detailed above.
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Turkey and the country of the holder of the notes 
(including covered bonds) (in some cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the United Kingdom 
and the United States, the term “beneficial owner” is used), which provides for the application of a 
lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be applied by the corporation, then the lower rate may 
be applicable.  For the application of withholding tax at a reduced rate that benefits from the provisions 
of a double tax treaty concluded between Turkey and the country where the investor is a resident, an 
original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority referred to in Article 3 of 
the applicable treaty is required, together with a translated copy translated by a translation office, to 
verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide gains in the relevant country on the 
basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office directly or through 
the banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding tax.  In the event the 
certificate of residence is not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the 
subsequent delivery of the certificate of residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant 
to the provisions of the relevant double taxation treaty and the Turkish tax legislation.

--- Page 351 ---
337
Amendments to certain tax laws
“The Law Introducing Amendments to Certain Tax Laws and Some Other Laws” No. 7061 
(“Law No. 7061”) was published in the Official Gazette dated 5 December 2017 and has come into 
force, except for certain articles with different dates.  Provisional Article 10 has been added to the 
Corporation Tax Law with Article 91 of Law No. 7061.  Provisional Article 10 has increased the 
corporate income tax rate for all companies from 20% to 22% for the 2018, 2019 and 2020 fiscal years.
Value Added Tax
Bond issuances and interest payments on notes (including covered bonds) are exempt from 
value added tax pursuant to the Article 17/4(g) of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as 
amended by the Turkish Tax Bill Regarding Improvement of the Investment Environment (Law No. 
6728), published in the Official Gazette dated 9 August 2016 and No. 29796.
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating 
Member States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The 
issuance and subscription of Covered Bonds is, however, expected to be exempt.
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain.  It may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU member states may decide to 
participate.  
Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) Withholding
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements.  The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Turkey) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies 
in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply

--- Page 352 ---
338
prior to 1 January 2019 and Covered Bonds issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date.  However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under Condition 18 
(Further Issues) of the Conditions) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds 
are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.   Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Covered Bonds.  In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.

--- Page 353 ---
339
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement dated 21 October 2016 (as amended and restated 
on 24 January 2018, 3 February 2020 and on or about the date of this Base Prospectus, the “Programme 
Agreement”), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Covered Bonds.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form 
of the Covered Bonds” and “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”.  In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme.  Subject to the terms agreed for any 
specific Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse any relevant Dealer(s) for certain 
expenses in connection with the issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to 
indemnify any relevant Dealer(s) against certain liabilities which may be incurred by them in connection 
therewith.
Selling Restrictions
Turkey
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB required for the issuance of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme.  Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme has been authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the 
Banking Law and related legislation and the Capital Markets Law and related regulations.  In addition, 
Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of Turkey in 
accordance with the CMB Approval.  Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has authorised the offering, 
sale and issue of any Covered Bonds within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition that no 
transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) by way 
of public offering or private placement in Turkey may be engaged in.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision dated 30 September 
2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Turkey: (a) may purchase or sell Covered 
Bonds denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira (or beneficial interests therein) offshore on 
an unsolicited (reverse enquiry) basis in the secondary markets only; and (b) may purchase or sell 
Covered Bonds denominated in Turkish Lira (or beneficial interests therein) offshore on an unsolicited 
(reverse enquiry) basis both in the primary and secondary markets; provided that such purchase or sale 
is made through licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to the BRSA 
and/or CMB regulations and the purchase price is transferred through licensed banks authorised by the 
BRSA.  As such, Turkish residents should use licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions while 
purchasing the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase price through 
the licensed banks authorised by the BRSA.
A written approval (whether in form of a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) or in 
any other form required under the applicable legislation) in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
and the CMB approval thereof shall be obtained by the Issuer prior to the issue date of each such 
Tranche of Covered Bonds.  The Issuer shall maintain the authorisation and approval of the CMB as 
necessary for the offer, sale and issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme.  In particular, in order 
to issue any further Tranche of Covered Bonds after 1 April 2022, the Bank will be required to renew 
its CMB approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period.  
Furthermore, until 1 April 2022, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds issued 
and sold following 1 April 2021 under the Programme exceeds €400,000,000 the Bank will be required 
to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further Tranche of Covered Bonds.  
Moneys paid for purchases of Covered Bonds are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by 
the SDIF.
United States
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws or “blue sky” laws of any state or any other jurisdiction of the United States and may

--- Page 354 ---
340
not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws.  Terms used in this  “—United States” 
section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this “—United States” section have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder.
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D rules apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Covered Bonds: (a) as part of their distribution at any time; or (b) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the 
case of an issue of Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered 
Bonds of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Covered Bonds are a part, other than in an offshore 
transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are not U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Covered Bonds during the applicable distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Regulation S Covered Bonds other than in an offshore transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, 
persons that are not U.S. persons.  Terms used in this “—United States” section have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds other than in an offshore transaction to a person that is not a U.S. person 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one or more of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”); and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 355 ---
341
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is 
a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 356 ---
342
PRC
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, 
sold or delivered or will offer, sell or deliver any of the Covered Bonds to any person for reoffering or 
resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan) 
in contravention of any applicable laws.
Hong Kong
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Covered Bonds other than: (i) to “professional investors” as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made 
under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding-Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to 
the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other 
than with respect to Covered Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under 
that Ordinance.
Japan
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5 of Paragraph 1 of Article 6 of 
the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a Resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Switzerland
In Switzerland, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to 
purchase or invest in Covered Bonds described herein.  The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) 
and no application has or will be made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 357 ---
343
Italy
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation.  Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, any Covered Bonds 
to the public in the Republic of Italy.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in 
Italy means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Covered Bonds, including the placement through authorised intermediaries.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, any Covered Bond or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Covered Bond in the Republic of Italy except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 100 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Italian Financial Act”), as 
implemented by paragraph 1(d) of Article 26 of CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of 
29 October 2007, as amended (“Regulation No. 16190”), pursuant to letter (b) of 
paragraph 1 of Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1998, as 
amended (“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 100 of the Italian Financial Act and its implementing CONSOB regulations 
including Regulation No. 11971.
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be in 
compliance with the selling restrictions under paragraphs (a) and (b) above and: 
(i)
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the 
Italian Financial Act, Regulation No. 16190, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993 as amended (the “Banking Act”) and any other applicable laws or 
regulation;
(ii)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request 
information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside 
of Italy; and
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed 
by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other competent authority.
Any investor purchasing the Covered Bonds is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, 
sale, transfer, delivery or resale of the Covered Bonds by such investor occurs in compliance with 
applicable Italian laws and regulations.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold

--- Page 358 ---
344
any Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) or caused the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests 
therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) or cause any Covered Bonds (or beneficial interest 
therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Covered Bonds (or 
beneficial interests therein), whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (a) to 
an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or 
to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) are subscribed or purchased under 
Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person that is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of 
which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to 
hold investments and each beneficiary of such trust is an individual who is an 
accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust 
shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust, as applicable, has acquired 
the Covered Bonds (or beneficial interests therein) pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the 
SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “Notification 
under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore” that will state 
the product classification of the applicable Covered Bonds pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; 
however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Covered Bonds shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend 
included in the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA.
General
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers

--- Page 359 ---
345
Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 360 ---
346
GENERAL INFORMATION
The Issuer is registered at the Istanbul Trade Registry under number 32736.  It has its principal 
office at Yapi Kredi Plaza, D Blok, Levent 34330 Istanbul, Republic of Turkey.  Its telephone number 
is +90 212 339 7011 and its website is https://yapikredi.com.tr.
Authorisation
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds (subject to the 
limit provided under the CMB Approval) have been duly authorised by the resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 22 July 2015, 26 July 2018, 25 July 2019 and 24 July 2020 respectively.
Listing of Covered Bonds
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  If a Series of Covered Bonds is to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin or any other stock exchange, then any information required by such exchange to be in the 
applicable Final Terms will be included therein.
Listing Agent
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Bank 
at 
https://www.yapikredi.com.tr/en/investor-relations/mortgage-backed-covered-bond:
(a)
the articles of association (with a certified English translation thereof) of the Issuer;
(b)
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Cover Monitor 
Agreement, the Security Assignment, the Security Agency Agreement, the Offshore 
Bank Account Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Hedging 
Agreements and the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons;
(c)
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and
(d)
when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, 
supplements and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Covered Bond that 
is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond, and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and 
identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference.
Each Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market will also be available on the website of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 361 ---
347
Clearing Systems
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, which are the entities in charge of keeping the records.  The appropriate Common Code 
and ISIN for each Tranche of Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing system (including DTC), the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels.  The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price
For Covered Bonds to be issued to one or more Dealer(s), the price and amount of Covered 
Bonds to be issued in a Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  For Covered Bonds to be issued to one or 
more investor(s) purchasing Covered Bonds directly from the Issuer, the price and amount of the 
relevant Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer based on 
prevailing market conditions, or by agreement between the Issuer and the relevant investor(s).
Significant or Material Change
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of either the Bank 
or the Group since 31 December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of either the Bank or the Group since 31 December 2020.
Litigation
Save as disclosed on page 230 under the title “Business of the Bank—Legal Proceedings” of 
this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have 
had, during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the Issuer’s 
financial position or profitability, or on the Group’s consolidated financial position or profitability.
Independent Auditors
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been 
audited, without qualification as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018 in accordance with the communiqué “Independent Audit of Banks” published by 
the BRSA in the Official Gazette No.29314 dated 2 April 2015 and with the Independent Auditing 
Standards which is a part of the Turkish Auditing Standards promulgated by the POA.
See the English convenience translations of the relevant PwC reports incorporated by reference 
herein.
PwC (a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited) is authorised by the 
CMB, BRSA, Turkish Treasury, Energy Market Regulatory Authority and Public Oversight Accounting 
and Auditing Standard Authority Board to conduct independent audits.  The Bank’s financial statements 
are prepared on a quarterly basis, semi-annual and annual basis in accordance with BRSA.
The Bank appointed PwC as its independent auditor effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a 
term of three years. The Bank has twice renewed PwC’s appointment as independent auditor for an 
additional term of one year, effective 1 January 2020 and 25 March 2021.

--- Page 362 ---
348
Dealers and Arrangers transacting with the Issuer
Certain of the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for, the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  Certain of the 
Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and 
its affiliates, including in relation to the hedging of the Covered Bonds.
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in 
various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial 
advisory, investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities.  
Certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates may have performed investment 
banking and advisory services for the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time for which they may have 
received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other compensation.  The Dealers or their respective 
affiliates may, from time to time, engage in transactions with and perform advisory and other services 
for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of their business.  Certain of the Dealers and/or 
their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to the Issuer and/or other 
members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates.  The Arrangers, certain of the 
Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, 
the Arrangers, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  
The Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.
Foreign Text
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical 
terms may be cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law.

--- Page 363 ---
349
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS
$......................................................................xi
£......................................................................xi
€......................................................................xi
30/360..................................................125, 131
30E/360 .......................................................131
30E/360 (ISDA) ..........................................132
360/360........................................................131
Accrual Period.............................................125
Accrual Yield ..............................................141
Activity Exemption .....................................328
Actual/360...................................................131
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................131
Actual/365 (Sterling)...................................131
Actual/Actual ..............................................130
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................125
Actual/Actual (ISDA) .................................130
ADCs.....................................................56, 193
Additional Amounts....................................146
Additional Business Centre.................104, 105
Administrator ................................................79
Affiliate .......................................................124
Affiliate Transaction ...................................123
Agency Account..........................................172
Agency Agreement......................................117
Agents..........................................................118
AKP...............................................................11
Amortised Face Amount .............................143
Ancillary Rights ....................................76, 165
Annulled Corporate Governance Communiqué
.....................................................................271
Applicable Exchange Rate ............................72
applicable Final Terms................................117
Appointment Meeting ...................................42
Arranger ........................................................61
Arrangers.......................................................61
Authorised Investments.................................91
Available Funds.............................................71
AY...............................................................143
Bank.........................................................iii, xii
Banking Act.................................................347
Banking Law ...................................................5
Base Prospectus...................................101, 102
Basel Committee .........................................308
Basel II ........................................................324
Basel III.......................................................323
BCP .............................................................221
Bearer Covered Bonds...................................iii
Bearer Definitive Covered Bond...................45
Bearer Global Covered Bonds.......................96
Benchmark Administrator............................viii
Benchmarks Regulation .................................ix
beneficial owner..........................................340
Beneficial Owners.......................................334
Bond Basis...................................................131
Borrower........................................................80
BPV.............................................................241
Breach of Statutory Test................................85
Broken Amount...........................................105
BRSA...........................................................viii
BRSA Annual Audits..................................315
BRSA Financial Health Report...................315
BRSA Financial Statements...........................ix
BRSA Principles ............................................ix
BRSAAS .....................................................123
BRSB...........................................................303
Business Day...............................................127
Business Day Convention ...........................126
Calculation Agency Agreement ..................173
Calculation Agent..................................62, 128
Capital Adequacy Regulation......................309
Capital Markets Law......................................iv
Capital Strengthening Plan..........................197
Cash Flow Matching Test .............................81
CBA.............................................................223
CBRT ............................................................xii
Central Bank .................................................xii
Central Securities Depository........................46
CGF.................................................................2
clearing corporation.....................................334
Clearing Systems.....................................xii, 74
Clearstream, Luxembourg.....................xii, 119
CMB...............................................................iv
CMB Approval..............................................vii
Code ............................................................134
Collection Account........................................91
Collection Period...........................................95
Commission’s Proposal...............................341
Common Depositary .....................................96
Common Safekeeper .....................................96
Communiqué on the Calculation.................306
Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements...............................................312
Conditions ...........................................101, 117
CONSOB.....................................................347
control..........................................................124
controlled by................................................124
controlling ...................................................124
Corporate Borrower.....................................328
Corporate Governance Communiqué..........271
Couponholders ............................................118
Coupons.......................................................117
Cover Monitor.........................................35, 61

--- Page 364 ---
350
Cover Monitor Agreement ..........................180
Cover Monitor Calculation Date...................81
Cover Monitor Report.................................181
Cover Pool.....................................................75
Cover Pool Asset...........................................75
Cover Pool Asset Substitution.......................78
Cover Register...............................................79
Covered Bond..............................................122
Covered Bond Swap Rate .............................82
Covered Bondholder ...................................120
Covered Bondholder Representative...........160
Covered Bondholders..................................117
Covered Bonds.......................................iii, 117
Covered Bonds Communiqué.......................vii
CRA Regulation.............................................iv
CRM............................................................211
CSD...............................................................46
Currency Hedging Agreement ......................82
Current Base Prospectus..............................101
Custodian.....................................................338
Data Protection Board.................................327
Data Subject ................................................326
Day Count Fraction.............................125, 130
Dealer.............................................................iii
Dealers ...........................................................iii
Debt Instruments Communiqué ....................vii
Decree 32 ......................................................vii
Deed of Covenant..................................99, 118
Deed Poll.....................................................118
Definitive Covered Bonds...........................117
Definitive IAI Registered Covered Bond....111
Definitive Regulation S Registered Covered 
Bond ..............................................................98
Delegate.......................................................160
Designated Account(s)..................................92
Designated Bank .........................................136
Designated Maturity............................128, 132
Determination Period ..................................125
Direct Participants.......................................334
Direct Recourse Securities ..........................122
distributor.......................................iii, 100, 101
Dodd-Frank .................................................175
DSF..............................................................209
D-SIBs.........................................................324
DTC.............................................................120
DTC Covered Bonds...................................334
DTC Rules...................................................334
Early Redemption Amount..........................143
ECB.............................................................115
ECL .............................................................238
EEA........................................................iii, 100
EFT..............................................................224
Eligible Creditors ........................................332
EMIR...........................................................175
English Law Transaction Documents .........158
Equity Regulation........................................308
ESMA.......................................................iv, 50
EUR................................................................xi
EURIBOR ...........................................128, 141
euro.........................................................xi, 119
Eurobond Basis ...........................................131
Euroclear...............................................xii, 119
Euronext Dublin.............................................iv
EUWA....................................................iii, 100
Event of Default ....................................94, 151
Excess Hedge Collateral................................68
Exchange Agent ....................................62, 117
Exchange Date...............................................96
Exchange Event.......................................97, 98
Extended Maturity Date ..........................39, 70
Extraordinary Resolution ............................178
F/X...............................................................328
F/X Loan Restriction...................................328
F/X Revenue Exemption.............................328
FATCA........................................................134
FIEA............................................................346
Final Maturity Date.......................................70
Final Redemption Amount..........................141
Final Terms ....................................................iv
First Issue Date..............................................76
Fiscal Agent...........................................62, 117
Fitch................................................................iv
Fixed Coupon Amount................................124
Fixed Interest Period ...................................124
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds............................64
Floating Rate ...............................................128
Floating Rate Convention............................126
Floating Rate Covered Bonds .......................64
Floating Rate Option...................................128
Following Business Day Convention..........127
foreign passthru payments...........................341
Framework Agreement................................332
FSMA..........................................................345
FTT..............................................................341
GAAP.............................................................xi
General Account Cover Pool Collections ...180
Global Covered Bond....................................46
Government.....................................................4
Group ............................................................xii
Halkbank .......................................................26
HDP...............................................................11
Hedge Collateral............................................94
Hedge Collateral Account.............................94
Hedging Agreements...................................179
Hedging Counterparty...................................62
High quality liquid assets............................325
holder of Covered Bonds.............................120
holders.........................................................117
IAI Global Covered Bond ...........................111
IASB............................................................122

--- Page 365 ---
351
ICAAP.........................................................235
ICAAP Report.............................................301
IFRS ............................................................122
IGAs ............................................................341
IMF................................................................22
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money.............149
Indirect Participants.....................................334
Individual Asset Eligibility Criteria........30, 79
Initial Appraised Value .................................80
Instalment Amount......................................144
Instalment Covered Bonds ..........................144
Instalment Dates..........................................103
Insurance Distribution Directive.........100, 344
Interest Amount...........................................130
Interest Commencement Date.....................103
Interest Determination Date ........................106
Interest Payment Date .................................126
Interest Period .............................................126
Internal Systems Regulation........................300
Investor Report..............................................95
Investor Report Date .....................................95
Investor’s Currency.......................................49
ISDA..............................................................64
ISDA Definitions.........................................127
ISDA Master Agreement...............................68
ISDA Rate ...................................................128
Issue Date......................................................vii
Issue Date Rating ..........................................83
Issue Price .....................................................70
Issuer......................................................iii, 117
Issuer Call....................................................142
Issuer Event...........................................88, 148
Istanbul Business Day...................................76
Italian Financial Act....................................347
KFE ...............................................................31
KFS..................................................................8
Koç Group.......................................................8
Law No. 6698..............................................326
Law No. 7061..............................................341
Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds 
of Crime.......................................................322
LCR.............................................................325
LIBOR.................................................128, 141
Liquidation Proceeds.............................70, 145
Lira Amount................................................138
listed...............................................................iv
Listing Agent.................................................63
Loan Balance...............................................328
London Business Day..........................133, 167
Long Maturity Covered Bond .....................135
LTV.......................................................80, 237
Majority Instructing Creditor ......................160
Mandatory Excess Cover ..............................68
Mandatory Excess Cover Cover Pool Asset .68
Margin.........................................................107
Master Definitions and Construction Schedule
.....................................................................118
Material Subsidiary .....................................150
Maximum Rate of Interest...........................107
ME...............................................................236
MiFID II.................................iii, 100, 176, 344
MiFID II Product Governance.......................iii
MiFID II Product Governance Rules.............iii
Minimum Rate of Interest ...........................107
Ministry.......................................................328
Modified Following Business Day Convention
.....................................................................127
Moody’s .........................................................iv
Mortgage Assets............................................75
Mortgage Rights............................................76
Natixis ...........................................................61
Net Present Value Test..................................81
New Dodd-Frank Requirements....................87
New EMIR Requirements.............................87
New Issuer.....................................................35
New MiFID II Requirements ........................87
New Restructuring Framework...................332
New Turkish Law Regulatory Requirements87
NFC.............................................................206
NGCB............................................................96
Nominal Value ..............................................83
Nominal Value Test ......................................81
Nomination Committee...............................272
Non-Statutory Security................................161
Non-TL Designated Account(s),...................92
Non-TL Hedge Collection Account..............94
Notice of Default.........................................151
NPLs................................................................1
NSFR...........................................................325
NSS................................................................98
OECD............................................................77
OFAC ............................................................17
offer.............................................................344
offer of Covered Bonds to the public..........347
Official List....................................................iv
Offshore Account Bank.................................61
Offshore Account Bank Event ....................173
Offshore Account Bank Required Rating ...173
Offshore Bank Account Agreement............168
Offshore Bank Accounts...............................61
Optional Redemption Amount ....................141
Optional Redemption Date..........................108
Order ...............................................................ii
Other Secured Creditors................................69
Overcollateralisation Ratio Covenant ...........35
Participants..................................................334
participating Member States........................341
Paying Agents .......................................62, 117
Payment Day ...............................................137
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bonds ....96

--- Page 366 ---
352
Permissions..................................................123
Permitted Business......................................124
Person..........................................................124
POA................................................................ix
POS..............................................................206
Potential Breach of Statutory Test ................85
PRC ................................................................vi
Preceding Business Day Convention ..........127
Presidential Decree......................................328
PRIIPs Regulation..................................iii, 100
Principal Amount Outstanding......................73
Proceedings .................................................157
Programme.....................................................iii
Programme Agreement ...............................343
Programme Closing Date ..............................69
Programme Limit ..........................................63
Programme Meeting....................................179
Programme Overcollateralisation Percentage
.......................................................................83
Programme Reserved Matter.......................178
Programme Resolution................................179
Property Price Change Ratio.........................31
Prospectus Regulation....................iii, 100, 344
PwC.................................................................x
QR code.......................................................206
Rate of Interest ............................................141
Rating Agency................................................iv
Rating Agency Confirmation ........................84
receivable ......................................................34
Receiver.........................................................69
Reconciliation..............................................170
Reconciliation Event ...................................169
Reconciliation Reporting Event ..................170
Record Date.................................................136
Redeemed Covered Bonds ..........................142
Reference Banks..........................................129
Reference Rate ............................................141
Register........................................................136
Register of Administrators.............................ix
Registered Covered Bonds.............................iii
Registered Definitive Covered Bonds...........98
Registered Global Covered Bonds................98
Registrar ................................................62, 117
Regulated Market...........................................iv
Regulation No. 11971 .................................347
Regulation No. 16190 .................................347
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios...312
Regulation on the Measurement and 
Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks ....323
Regulation S...................................................iii
REGULATION S.............................................i
Regulation S Registered Global Covered Bond
.......................................................................98
Related Payment............................................76
Relevant Date..............................................147
relevant Dealer...............................................iii
Relevant Exchange Rate..............................139
Relevant Financial Centre...........................106
Relevant Indebtedness.................................122
Relevant Jurisdiction...................................147
Relevant Payment Date...............................138
relevant persons...............................................ii
Relevant Rating Agencies.............................63
Relevant Rating Agency................................63
Relevant Screen Page..................................141
relevant Stock Exchange.............................175
Replacement Cover Monitor Agreement ....182
Reserve Fund...............................................172
Reserve Fund Required Amount.................172
Reserve Fund Secured Creditors.................172
Reset Date ...................................................128
Restructuring Regulation.............................332
retail investor...............................................344
RP................................................................143
Screen Rate 1...............................................129
Screen Rate 2...............................................129
Screen Rate Determination..........................141
SDF................................................................15
SDIF.......................................................viii, 30
SEC ................................................................vi
Secured Creditors..........................................69
Secured Obligations ....................................171
Securities Act.................................................iii
SECURITIES ACT..........................................i
Security Agency Agreement .........................62
Security Agent...............................................62
Security Assignment ...................................158
Security Assignment Security.......................66
Security Interest...........................................122
Security Update Registration ........................66
Selection Date .............................................142
Series...........................................................118
Series Overcollateralisation Percentage........83
Series Reserved Matter................................177
SME.................................................................2
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds............................95
Specified Account .......................................136
Specified Currency........................................49
Specified Denomination................................45
Specified Interest Payment Date .................105
Specified Period ..........................................105
Specified Time ............................................106
Spot Rate .......................................................72
Statutory Segregation....................................65
Statutory Test ................................................80
Statutory Test Date........................................80
Statutory Tests.........................................29, 80
Sterling...........................................................xi
Stress Test .....................................................81
Stub Period..................................104, 105, 124

--- Page 367 ---
353
Subscription Agreement..............................175
Subsidiary..............................................73, 124
Substitute Asset Limit...................................80
Substitute Assets ...........................................77
sub-unit........................................................126
Talons..........................................................117
TARGET2 System ......................................127
TAS ................................................................ix
Tax Decrees...................................................43
Tax Sharing Laws........................................147
Taxes .....................................................66, 146
TEFRA C.......................................................74
TEFRA D ......................................................74
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bonds....96
TFRS 9 ........................................................303
TL...................................................................xi
TL Designated Account ................................92
Total Capital........................249, 250, 258, 259
Tranche........................................................118
Transaction Security......................................69
Transaction Security Documents ..................69
Transfer Agent...............................................62
Transfer Agents...........................................117
Transferability and Convertibility Event.......92
TRLIBOR....................................................141
Turkey ............................................................iv
Turkish Accounting Standards.......................ix
Turkish Commercial Code.............................ix
Turkish Covered Bonds Legislation..............39
Turkish Income Tax Law............................339
Turkish Lira....................................................xi
Turkish Lira Equivalent ................................83
TurkStat.........................................................xii
TWF ..............................................................26
U.S. dollars.....................................................xi
U.S. persons ...................................................iii
U.S.$...............................................................xi
UK..........................................................iii, 100
UK MiFIR ...................................................101
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .......101
UK PRIIPs Regulation...........................iii, 100
under common control with ........................124
UniCredit.......................................................61
Union...............................................................9
USD Election Period...................................138
USD Payment Election................................138
Vakifbank......................................................26
VaR..............................................................239
y...................................................................143
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds........................65
Ziraat .............................................................26

--- Page 368 ---
APPENDIX A
OVERVIEW OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND BRSA 
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
The BRSA Principles differ from IFRS.  Such differences are primarily related to the presentation of 
financial statements, disclosure requirements (e.g., IFRS 7) and certain accounting policies.  BRSA 
presentation and disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant regulations and do not always meet 
IFRS or IAS 34 standards.  Among the differences in accounting policies, some of the most important 
are:
Consolidation and equity accounting
Only financial sector subsidiaries and associates are consolidated and equity accounted, respectively, 
under BRSA Principles, others are carried at cost or fair value.
Specific provisioning for loan losses
BRSA provisioning for loan losses is different from IAS 39 and is based on minimum percentages 
related to the number of days overdue prescribed by relevant regulations, whereas in IFRS, provision 
for loan loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of 
estimated future cash flows (excluding future credit losses that have not been incurred) discounted at 
the financial asset’s original effective interest rate.  Furthermore, according to BRSA, collaterals are 
included in the calculation of specific reserves using the percentages provided in the regulation by type 
of collateral; in IAS 39, the calculation of the present value of the estimated future cash flows of a 
collateralised financial asset is based on the cash flows that may result from foreclosure less costs for 
obtaining and selling the collateral, whether or not foreclosure is probable.
General loan loss provisioning
This is required under BRSA Principles but prohibited under IFRS.
BRSA requires general loan loss provisions to be calculated over on- and off-balance sheet financial 
instruments that carry credit risk using specific percentages as defined in the regulation.  Instead, IFRS 
requires portfolio/collective provisioning for groups of loans and receivables sharing similar 
characteristics and not individually identified as impaired.
Assets held for sale
Definitions and accounting treatment according to BRSA Principles are different from those under IFRS 
(based on regulations prescribed by the BRSA).
Under BRSA Principles, depreciation of assets held for sale is taken into account for assets with a 
probability of disposal within one year, whereas pursuant to IFRS 5, non-current assets held for sale are 
classified to this category only if their sale is highly probable and is expected to be completed within 
one year and they are carried at the lower of cost or fair value less cost to sell.
Deferred taxation
Certain differences exist in this area.  According to IAS 12, income taxes’ deferred taxation is calculated 
based on all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amounts in the financial statements when it is probable that the future economic benefit 
resulting from the reversal of temporary differences will flow to or from the relevant issuer, whereas 
under BRSA Principles, it is not permitted to recognise deferred tax on general loan loss provisions.

--- Page 369 ---
355
Application period for hyperinflationary accounting
Under the BRSA Principles, this period ends at 1 January 2005 whereas under IFRS it ends at 1 January 
2006, constituting a one year difference between the two.
Related Party Disclosures
Related party transactions and balances are disclosed in IFRS based on the definition provided in IAS 
24, whereas in BRSA such disclosures are based on “risk group” as defined in the Banking Law.
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied 
to consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing factoring and leasing services which are subject 
to specific BRSA policies/requirements.

--- Page 370 ---
ISSUER
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş.
Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok
Lèvent 34330
Istanbul, Turkey
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS
NATIXIS
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France
75013 Paris
France
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND 
SECURITY AGENT
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch
One Canada Square
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
The Bank of New York Mellon
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert
2453 Luxembourg
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to English and United States law
To the Issuer as to Turkish law
Allen & Overy LLP
One Bishops Square
London El 6AD
United Kingdom
Gedik Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı
River Plaza, Kat: 17
Büyükdere Cad.
Bahar Sok. No. 13
Levent, TR-34394
Istanbul, Turkey
To the Dealers as to
English and United States law
To the Dealers as to
Turkish law
White & Case LLP
5 Old Broad Street
London EC2N 1DW
United Kingdom
GKC Partners
Ferko Signature
Büyükdere Caddesi No: 175 Kat: 10
34394 Levent
Istanbul, Turkey
LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Earlsfort Centre
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Ireland
CURRENT AUDITORS OF THE BANK
PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş.,
a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited
BJK Plaza, Süleyman Seba Cad. No:48 B Blok
Kat 9 Akaretler 34357 Beşiktaş
Istanbul, Turkey