--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
OFFERINGS UNDER THE PROGRAMME ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
EITHER (1) QIBS (AS DEFINED BELOW) UNDER RULE 144A OR (2) PERSONS OTHER THAN 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OUTSIDE OF THE U.S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, accessing or 
making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from 
the Bank as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR 
SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
SECURITIES OFFERED UNDER THE PROGRAMME HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (“REGULATION S”) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART 
IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF 
YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF 
THE SECURITIES OFFERED THEREUNDER. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus, investors must be 
either (1) Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIBs”) (within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the 
Securities Act) or (2) persons other than U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside of the U.S. This Base 
Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, you 
shall be deemed to have represented to the Bank that (1) you and any customers you represent are either (a) 
QIBs or (b) outside of the U.S. and that the electronic mail address that you gave the Bank and to which this 
e-mail has been delivered is not located in the U.S. and (2) that you consent to delivery of such Base Prospectus 
by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver or disclose the contents of this 
Base Prospectus to any other person. 
The materials relating to the Programme do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently, 
none of BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch 
International, MUFG Securities EMEA plc, Société Générale, Standard Chartered Bank, and UniCredit Bank 
AG, as Dealers, or any person who controls any of them, nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of any 
of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any 
difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version 
available to you on request from any of the Dealers.

--- Page 2 ---
You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at your 
own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of 
a destructive nature. 
This Base Prospectus is being distributed only to and directed only at (i) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of The Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”), (ii) high net worth bodies corporate falling within 
Article 49(2) of the Order and (iii) those persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be distributed (all such 
persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This Base Prospectus is directed only at relevant 
persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or 
investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only to relevant persons and will be 
engaged in only with relevant persons.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
U.S.$11,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$11,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., a Turkish banking institution organised as a public joint 
stock company (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$11,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), 
subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Group and the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis, and/or 
(b) one or more investors purchasing Notes directly from the Issuer. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 10 December 2020. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not 
be offered or sold in the United States to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“U.S. person”) except to “qualified 
institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) in a transaction satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A unless another 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction. See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) (the “Regulated Market”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended “MIFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market. The Programme provides 
that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board of Turkey (the “CMB”), in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital Markets Law”) of the 
Republic of Turkey (“Turkey”) relating to capital markets, for the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of Turkey. No Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) of Notes can be sold before the necessary approvals and an approved issuance certificate in respect of such Tranche are obtained from the CMB. The CMB approval and 
the issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) relating to the issuance of Notes based upon which any offering of the Notes will be conducted was obtained on 25 March 2021 by the CMB 
letter dated 26 March 2021 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-4059 (the “CMB Approval”), and a written approval (which may be in the form of a tranche issuance certificate) 
will be obtained from the CMB before any sale and issuance of the Notes. In order to issue any further tranche of Notes after 25 March 2022, the Bank will be required to renew its 
CMB approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 25 March 2022, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Notes issued and sold following 25 March 2021 under the Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance 
and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and sold following 25 March 2021 that meet the qualifications 
specified in the Equity Regulation (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the 
Programme exceeds U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of such Notes.  
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax may apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation – Certain Turkish Tax Considerations”. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Copies of such Final Terms will also be published on Euronext Dublin’s website at 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
The Programme has been rated B+ by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and B2 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody’s” and, together with Fitch and S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”), the “Rating Agencies”).  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s is not established in the EEA, but the rating it has given to the Programme is 
endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch is not established in the 
EEA, but the rating it has given to the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch and Moody’s is a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under the the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”), in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. As such, ratings issued by each of Fitch and Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated by either Fitch or Moody’s or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Fitch or Moody’s, as the case may be. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, TRYIBOR or SOFR as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, (i) the administrator of EURIBOR, European Money Markets Institute, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), and (ii) the administrators of TRYIBOR and SOFR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Banks Association of Turkey 
(as administrator of TRYIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence); 
and (ii) under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the administrator of SOFR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) is not required to obtain authorisation 
or registration. 
Arrangers 
Deutsche Bank 
UniCredit 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 December 2021

--- Page 4 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers accept any responsibility for the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or for any statement inconsistent with this Base Prospectus 
made, or purported to be made, by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Programme. Each 
Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability that it might otherwise have (whether in tort, contract 
or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or statements. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes issued under the 
Programme the proceeds of which (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the 
financing and/or refinancing of loans in the Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined herein), to fulfil any 
environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers 
have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment or verification of the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio (as defined in “Risk Factors—In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such 
as “Green”, “Social” and “Sustainable” Notes, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an 
amount equal thereto) might not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria”) and their impact, or monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any such Notes (or 
amounts equal thereto). Prospective investors should refer to the Issuer's Sustainable Finance 
Framework and the Second Party Opinion, as referred to in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Use of Proceeds” below, and for the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Finance Framework 
nor the Second Party Opinion are incorporated into, or form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any 
affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to 
be made by that Dealer or its affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer 
or any of the Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (i) are not intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and (ii) should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus and make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither this Base Prospectus nor the relevant Final Terms 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
(ii) 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued 
under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates shall be responsible for any act or omission of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes 
thereunder. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium), the UK, the Republic of Turkey, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), Hong Kong, Japan 
and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in

--- Page 6 ---
(iii) 
 
 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of QIBs 
(as defined under “Form of the Notes”) for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the 
purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not 
authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) or any 
other applicable exemption. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and 
sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration 
requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or 
purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict 
the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form 
of the Notes”. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing

--- Page 7 ---
(iv) 
 
 
authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated 
22 December 2021 (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Deed Poll”) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such 
holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a 
reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the 
“Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of 
the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or 
other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the CMB described herein, have 
not been approved or disapproved by any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in any other 
jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) 
approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk 
of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may 
wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS

--- Page 8 ---
(v) 
 
 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval and the approved issuance certificate required for the issuance of 
Notes under the Programme. In addition to the CMB Approval and issuance certificate, a tranche issuance 
certificate in respect of each Tranche of Notes shall also be obtained by the Issuer prior to the issue date of such 
Tranche of Notes. In order to issue any further tranche of Notes after 25 March 2022, the Bank will be required 
to renew its CMB approval which, in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. 
Furthermore, until 25 March 2022, if and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold 
following 25 March 2021 under the Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to 
obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and sold following 25 March 2021 that meet the 
qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes. The Issuer shall obtain all authorisations and approvals of the CMB necessary 
for the offer, sale and issue of each Tranche of Notes under the Programme, prior to such issue. Consequently, 
the scope of the above-mentioned CMB Approval may be amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or 
the BRSA may be obtained from time to time. Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes 
under the Programme has been authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32 on the Protection of the 
Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended from time to time, “Decree 32”), the Banking Act numbered 5411 
(the “Banking Law”) and its related legislation, the Capital Markets Law and Communiqué VII-128.8 on Debt 
Instruments (the “Communiqué on Debt Instruments”) or its related regulation. 
In addition, the CMB introduced an amendment to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments on 18 February 2017 
pursuant to which the Issuer is required to apply to the CMB through an electronic application platform before 
each sale and issuance of Notes to obtain the CMB's approval in respect of each Tranche of Notes. However, 
since the electronic application platform is yet to be established by the CMB as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a written approval for each Tranche of Notes shall be obtained by the Issuer prior to the issue date 
of such Tranche of Notes. 
In addition, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of Turkey in 
accordance with the CMB Approval. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has authorised the offering, sale and 
issue of any Notes on the condition that no sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be 
made by way of public offering or private placement in Turkey. For more information, see “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Turkey”. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Issuer is required under Turkish law to notify the Central 
Registry Agency (Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu) within three Turkish business days from the issue date of any Notes 
of the amount, issue date, ISIN, first payment date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian, currency 
of the Notes and the country of issuance.

--- Page 9 ---
(vi) 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The Bank maintains its books and prepares its statutory financial statements in Turkish Lira in accordance with 
the prevailing accounting principles and standards set out as per Articles 37 and 38 of the Banking Law effective 
from 1 November 2005, the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102) (the “Turkish Commercial Code”) 
and Turkish tax legislation and other regulations, circulars, communiqués and pronouncements in respect of 
accounting and financial reporting and pronouncements made by the Banking Regulation and Supervision 
Agency (the “BRSA”) (collectively, the “BRSA Principles”). 
The Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 (the “Annual BRSA Financial Statements”) have been prepared and 
presented in accordance with the “Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding Banks’ Accounting 
Applications and Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 
2006 by the BRSA which refers to “Turkish Accounting Standards” and “Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards” issued by the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (“POA”) and other 
decrees, notes and explanations related to the accounting and financial reporting principles (all “Turkish 
Accounting Standards” or “TAS”) published by the BRSA. 
The unaudited interim consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements as of and for the nine month period 
ended 30 September 2021 (with 30 September 2020 comparatives for the statement of income) and as of and 
for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020 (the “Interim BRSA Financial Statements”) have been 
reviewed in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim 
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. The Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements and the Annual BRSA Financial Statements are referred to together in this Base Prospectus as the 
“BRSA Financial Statements”. 
See convenience translations into English of the relevant PwC (as defined below) reports incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The format and the details of the publicly announced financial statements and related disclosures to these 
statements have been prepared in accordance with the “Communiqué Related to Publicly Announced Financial 
Statements of Banks and Explanations and Notes Related to these Financial Statements” and changes and notes 
to this communiqué published in the Official Gazette No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012. It is important to note that 
the consolidated BRSA Financial Statements are prepared with inclusion of only financial subsidiaries whereas 
other equity participations are included as noted in the following paragraph. The Bank’s foreign affiliates 
maintain their books of account and prepare their financial statements in accordance with the generally accepted 
accounting principles and the related legislation applicable in the countries in which they operate, however in 
order to provide fair presentation according to TAS, necessary adjustments and reclassifications are reflected to 
those financial statements. 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared on a historical cost basis that were restated for the changes in the 
general purchasing power of TL until 31 December 2004 except for: financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss, financial assets available for sale, trading derivative financial liabilities and hedging 
derivative financial assets/liabilities and art objects and paintings in tangible assets and buildings in tangible 
assets. The carrying values of financial assets carried at amortised cost but subject to fair value hedge are 
adjusted to reflect the fair value changes related to the hedged risks. 
Associates, subsidiaries and joint ventures are being carried at the equity method in the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Bank starting from 30 June 2015. Any valuation differences arising from prior years are 
recorded as “marketable securities valuation differences” under equity and any valuation differences arising 
from current years are recorded in the income statement. This accounting policy change was performed through 
an early adoption before the effective date of 1 January 2016 in accordance with the change of “Standard on 
Stand-alone Financial Statement (TAS 27)” numbered 29321 on 9 April 2015 and confirmation by the BRSA’s 
letter numbered 10686 on 14 July 2015. 
The Bank appointed PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited) (“PwC”) as its independent auditor effective as of 1 January

--- Page 10 ---
(vii) 
 
 
2017 and for a term of three years.  The Bank renewed PwC’s appointment as independent auditor for additional 
terms of one year each, effective 1 January 2020 and 1 January 2021. 
PwC audited and issued auditors’ reports with respect to the annual consolidated BRSA financial statements as 
of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 in accordance with 
the “Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks” published by the BRSA in the Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 
2 April 2015 and the Standards on Independent Auditing that are part of the Turkish Auditing Standards 
promulgated by the POA. See convenience translations in English of PwC’s reports incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
References to “BRSA financial data” in this Base Prospectus are to financial data prepared in accordance with 
BRSA Principles. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented herein is based upon the BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference herein and have been extracted from the BRSA Financial Statements 
without material adjustment. The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, all of which are in English, were prepared as convenience translations of the BRSA Financial 
Statements originally issued in the Turkish language (which translations the Bank confirms were direct and 
accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements were not prepared for the purpose of their inclusion 
in this Base Prospectus. 
While neither the Bank nor the Group is required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards 
other than BRSA Principles, including under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), the Bank’s 
management has elected to publish annual consolidated and semi-annual consolidated financial statements that 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, with the most recent such audited financial statements being the 
Group’s IFRS financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020. IFRS financial statements are 
not used for any regulatory purposes and the Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements and 
related BRSA Principles for the management of the Bank and communications with investors. While the 
Group’s IFRS financial statements are available on the Bank’s website, information in this Base Prospectus is 
based upon the BRSA Financial Statements, and the Group’s IFRS audited financial statements do not form a 
part of (and are not incorporated by reference in) this Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments (e.g., certain U.S. dollar amounts have been rounded to the nearest million). Accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for statements and data concerning the Bank and its business are based 
upon best estimates and assumptions of the Bank’s management. Management believes that these assumptions 
are reasonable and that its estimates have been prepared with due care. The data concerning the Bank included 
herein, whether based upon external sources or based upon the Bank’s internal research, constitute the best 
current estimates of the information described. 
The contents of any website referenced herein do not form part of (and are not incorporated into) this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Non–GAAP Measures of Financial Performance 
To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with BRSA Principles, 
the Group uses certain ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus that would be considered 
non-GAAP financial measures in the United States. A body of generally accepted accounting principles such as 
IFRS or BRSA Principles is commonly referred to as “GAAP.” A non-GAAP financial measure is defined as 
one that measures historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows but that excludes 
or includes amounts that would not be so adjusted in the most comparable GAAP measures. These non-GAAP 
financial measures are not a substitute for GAAP measures, for which management has responsibility. 
The non-GAAP measures included in this Base Prospectus are not in accordance with or an alternative to 
measures prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and may be different from similarly titled non-GAAP 
measures used by other companies. The Bank’s management believes that this information, along with 
comparable measures under BRSA Principles, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring

--- Page 11 ---
(viii) 
 
 
the organic operating performance in the years presented. These measures are used in internal management of 
the Group, along with the most directly comparable financial measures under BRSA Principles, in evaluating 
the Group’s operating performance. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, 
or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with BRSA Principles. Non-GAAP 
financial measures as reported by the Group may not be comparable to similarly titled amounts reported by 
other companies. 
The Bank’s management believes that these non-GAAP measures, when considered in conjunction with 
measures under BRSA Principles, enhance investors’ and management’s overall understanding of the Group’s 
current financial performance. In addition, because the Group has historically reported certain non-GAAP 
results to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of non-GAAP measures provides 
consistency in the Group’s financial reporting. 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
“Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the Republic of Turkey; 
• 
“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
• 
“U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars; 
• 
“Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC which, for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special 
Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan; and 
• 
“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts in this Base Prospectus are presented in Turkish Lira. 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of 
Information in this Base Prospectus 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Bank” means Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis and “Group” means 
the Bank and its subsidiaries (and with respect to accounting information, its consolidated entities) unless the 
context otherwise requires. 
In this Base Prospectus, any reference to Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s 
competitors has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information. 
Where third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduction of this information inaccurate or misleading. Without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing statement, third-party information in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been 
independently verified by the Bank or any other party. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under

--- Page 12 ---
(ix) 
 
 
applicable law. In particular, but without limitation, the titles of Turkish legislation and the names of Turkish 
institutions referenced herein have been translated from Turkish into English. The translation of these titles and 
names are direct and accurate. 
The Issuer has derived substantially all of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the 
Turkish market and its competitors, which may include estimates or approximations, from publicly available 
information, including press releases and filings made under various securities laws. Unless otherwise indicated, 
all data relating to the Turkish banking sector in this Base Prospectus has been obtained from the BRSA’s 
website at www.bddk.org.tr and the Banks’ Association of Turkey’s website at www.tbb.org.tr and all data 
relating to the Turkish economy, including statistical data, has been obtained from the website of the Turkish 
Statistical Institute (Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.turkstat.gov.tr, the Central Bank of the 
Republic of Turkey (the “Central Bank” or “CBRT”) website at www.tcmb.gov.tr and the Turkish Treasury’s 
website at www.hazine.gov.tr. Data has been downloaded/observed on various days between the months of 
January 2021 and November 2021 and may be the result of calculations made by the Issuer and therefore may 
not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere. Such websites do not form a part of, and are 
not incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated, the sources for statements and data 
concerning the Issuer and its business are based on best estimates and assumptions of the Issuer’s management. 
Management believes that these assumptions are reasonable and that its estimates have been prepared with due 
care. The data concerning the Issuer included herein, whether based on external sources or based on the Issuer’s 
management internal research, constitute the best current estimates of the information described.  
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, 
although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, may vary from 
source to source. Where information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that 
the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and 
completeness of such information is not guaranteed. 
Certain information under the heading “Book-entry Clearance Systems” has been extracted from information 
provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant clearing systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
Information regarding the Bank’s shareholders (including ownership levels and agreements) in “Overview of 
the Group and the Programme – The Group”, “Business of the Bank” and “Share Capital and Ownership” has 
been based upon public filings and announcements by such shareholders. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through over-allotment or 
otherwise) issue more Notes than have been approved by the CMB.

--- Page 13 ---
(x) 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains statements that may be considered to be “forward-looking statements” as that 
term is defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements appear 
in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, under “Risk Factors”, 
“Use of Proceeds”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, 
“Business of the Bank” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, and include, but are not limited to, statements 
regarding: 
• 
strategy and objectives; 
• 
trends affecting the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition; 
• 
expectations with respect to macroeconomic conditions and financial and currency markets; 
• 
asset portfolios; 
• 
loan loss reserve; 
• 
capital adequacy; 
• 
legal proceedings; 
• 
macroeconomic policy, such as with respect to central bank interest rates;  
• 
competitive advantages or pressures;  
• 
future growth and expansion; 
• 
the impact of rating actions; 
• 
the impact of COVID-19; and 
• 
the Bank’s exposure to market volatility. 
The forward-looking statements may also be identified by words such as “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, 
“projects”, “intends”, “should”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “probability”, “target”, “goal”, “objective”, “future” or 
similar expressions or variations on such expressions. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and assumptions, see “Risk Factors” for 
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking 
statements. 
You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The Bank does not have any intention 
or obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information, future events or matters that may 
cause the forward-looking events the Bank discusses in this Base Prospectus not to occur or to occur in a manner 
different from what the Bank expects.

--- Page 14 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ............................................................................................ 38 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................................. 40 
Overview of the Group and the Programme ....................................................................................................... 44 
The Programme .................................................................................................................................................. 47 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................... 47 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems .......................................................................................................................... 55 
Applicable Final Terms ...................................................................................................................................... 59 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................... 76 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 117 
Selected Financial Informatıon ......................................................................................................................... 118 
Capitalisation of the Bank ................................................................................................................................ 123 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ........................... 124 
Selected Statistical And Other Information ...................................................................................................... 176 
Recent Developments ....................................................................................................................................... 187 
Business of the Bank ........................................................................................................................................ 188 
Risk Management ............................................................................................................................................. 221 
Management ..................................................................................................................................................... 247 
Share Capital and Ownership ........................................................................................................................... 256 
Related Party Transactions ............................................................................................................................... 258 
Turkish Banking System .................................................................................................................................. 261 
Turkish Regulatory Environment ..................................................................................................................... 263 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................ 294 
Certain ERISA Considerations ......................................................................................................................... 306 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions ........................................................................... 308 
General Information ......................................................................................................................................... 320 
Appendix 1  Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA Accounting Principles ............ 323

--- Page 15 ---
1 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks.  Prior to making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should carefully read the entire Base Prospectus.  In addition to the other information 
in this Base Prospectus, prospective investors should carefully consider, in light of their own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, the following risks related to the Group’s Business, Turkey, the 
Turkish Banking Industry, and the Notes, before making an investment in the Notes.  If any of the following risks 
actually occurs, the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
In addition, factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are 
also described below.  The Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in the Notes, but the Bank does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. 
Risks Related to the Group’s Business 
The Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are affected by general 
economic conditions in Turkey  
As of 30 September 2021, 96.31% of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s operations were 
in Turkey. As a result, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily affected by economic 
conditions in Turkey. Turkish GDP growth has fluctuated in the past several years with GDP growth of 7.5% 
in 2017, 2.9% in 2018, 0.9% in 2019, 1.8% in 2020 and 11.7% in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
according to TurkStat.  Turkey’s economic conditions have weakened since the latter half of 2018 due to a 
number of macroeconomic factors, including the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, higher interest rates, 
increasing political uncertainties and the continuing impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic. See “—The 
Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that may 
materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition”.  
Moreover, as an open, emerging economy with a reliance on external funding, Turkey’s economy is 
significantly impacted by global macroeconomic conditions, particularly those that impact emerging markets 
(including global monetary policies).  In the past several years, global credit and capital markets, and the Turkish 
economy, have been negatively affected by a number of factors, including expectations regarding global central 
banks’ monetary policy, global trade conditions and international political relations. More recently, investor’s 
perceptions of macroeconomic policies in Turkey have also increased volatility in the Turkish economy. 
Weaker economic conditions in Turkey could adversely impact the Group’s business and operating results as a 
result of: 
• 
reduced consumer confidence and decreases in business activity resulting in reduced demand for 
the Group’s loans and fee and commission generating services; 
• 
deterioration of creditworthiness of companies and individuals resulting in impairments on assets 
and/or collateral as well as increased levels of non-performing loans (“NPLs”) and amounts of loan 
impairment charges; 
• 
reduced, or no, access to capital markets due to unfavourable market conditions increasing funding 
costs and higher liquidity and financing risk; and 
• 
lower deposit growth and/or increased competition for deposits leading to higher funding costs. 
Challenging macroeconomic conditions in Turkey have already impacted the Turkish banking sector in several 
ways including (i) the high and volatile interest rate environment which has impacted the cost of funding and 
lending rates, (ii) negative/slow economic growth and increased inflation which negatively impacted the 
demand and supply for lending and the asset quality of both corporate and retail loans, and (iii) volatility in 
Central Bank policy and the exchange rate which also impacted both the asset quality and capital ratios of the 
Turkish banking sector.  Accordingly, continued weakness in Turkish economic conditions due to domestic or 
international factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
For further discussion of how conditions in Turkey affect the Group, see “—Risks Related to Turkey”.

--- Page 16 ---
2 
 
 
The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and counterparties 
The Group’s business is subject to inherent risk concerning the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, 
which affects the value of the Group’s assets.  Systemic risks and macroeconomic factors in the Turkish and 
global financial system discussed above can all impact the credit quality of the Group’s customers and 
counterparties and negatively affect the value of the Group’s assets. 
Despite the weaker economic conditions in Turkey, the deterioration in NPL ratios that had started in 2017 has 
been deferred for the Group, primarily due to the actions taken against the spread of COVID-19, including 
changes to the regulation of NPLs (which has deferred recognition of NPLs) and strong loan growth in the 
Turkish banking sector. According to BRSA statistics, the ratio of NPLs to total loans in the Turkish banking 
sector was 3.7% as of 31 December 2018 (Group: 5.3%), 5.2% as of 31 December 2019 (Group: 7.4%), 4.1% 
as of 31 December 2020 (Group: 6.2%) and 3.5% as of 30 September 2021 (Group: 4.9%).  The Turkish banking 
sector’s NPL amount in TL decreased by only TL 3,206 million as of 30 September 2021, compared to 31 
December 2020, while the Group’s NPL amount in TL decreased by TL 1,426 million in the same period, thanks 
to strong recoveries, limited NPL due to the change in recognition of NPLs by the BRSA during the COVID-
19 pandemic in 2020. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Loan Loss Reserves” and “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Analysis of Results of Operations 
for the Nine Months Ended 30 September 2021 and 2020—Allowance for Expected Credit Losses”. 
Nevertheless, the Group expects that NPLs will rise in the Turkish banking sector in 2022 following the expiry 
of the BRSA’s temporary COVID-19 support measures. For more on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
its impact on macroeconomic conditions and supply chains and its possible impact on the credit quality of our 
borrowers and counterparties, see “The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition”. 
In particular, the Group may be subject to increased credit risk as its business strategy is strongly focused on 
certain segments and lending as higher margin generating asset classes, such as the retail segment, small medium 
enterprise (“SME”) loans (6% of total loans as of 30 September 2021), general purpose loans (14% of total 
loans as of 30 September 2021) and credit cards generally (12% of total loans as of 30 September 2021), as well 
as on Turkish companies and project finance lending. Some of these segments are generally viewed as riskier 
segments with higher NPL levels and could place additional pressure on the asset quality of the Group. As of 
30 September 2021, the ratio of NPLs to total loans in the credit card segment of the Turkish banking sector 
was 2.45% (Group: 2.9%) and in the commercial instalment loans segment was 5.8% (Group: 7.9%).  In 
particular, negative developments in the Turkish economy, including the slowdown of GDP growth and high 
inflation in Turkey, could affect consumer and SME borrowers more than large corporates, resulting in higher 
NPL levels and greater provisioning. As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s restructured loans constituted 7% 
of the Bank’s aggregate loan portfolio, compared to 7% as of 31 December 2020, and the Group’s watch loan 
ratio was 14%, compared to its level of 15% as at 31 December 2020. 
The Bank also issues loans to SME borrowers under Turkey’s Credit Guarantee Fund (“CGF”) programme (see 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Analysis by 
Segment—Retail Banking”).  The CGF programme is subject to funding limits and any positive impact on 
growth may only be short-term.  Lending pursuant to the CGF programme could have a negative impact on the 
asset quality of the Group due to the possibility that SME borrowers entail greater risks than corporate 
borrowers. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the CGF programme was expanded to provide TL 50 billion 
in support with a one year maturity, which could heighten such risks. 
In addition, the corporate sector may be particularly exposed to foreign exchange risk so far as corporate loans 
are denominated in foreign currencies.  Borrowers under such corporate loans are susceptible to depreciation in 
the Turkish Lira if they do not have adequate foreign currency reserves or hedging, particularly if currency 
issues are compounded by particular macroeconomic factors that impact certain sectors or clients (such as the 
potential combined impact of Turkish Lira depreciation and changing commodity prices).  As such, the Group's 
NPLs could materially increase in the near to medium term, in particular if there is a deterioration in 
macroeconomic conditions in Turkey. 
The Group also has a substantial portfolio of derivative financial assets, including currency forwards, currency 
and interest rate swaps, options, interest rate cap and floor arrangements and credit default swaps.  As of 30 
September 2021, the Group’s total recognised derivatives had a notional value of TL 484,287,503 thousand,

--- Page 17 ---
3 
 
 
and the fair values of the derivative assets and liabilities were TL 7,242,621  thousand and TL 7,728,018  
thousand, respectively.  The Group is exposed to credit risk with respect to the ability of its counterparties to 
meet their obligations under these derivative financial assets. Furthermore, growth in the Group's loan portfolio 
may lead to an increase in loan to deposit ratios, unless matched by deposit growth.  
Exposure to any or all of these credit risks could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Loan loss provisions may be insufficient for future credit losses 
The Group conservatively records loss provisions and maintains capital ratios in excess of regulatory minimums, 
but such provisions may be insufficient for future credit losses, particularly if macroeconomic conditions in 
Turkey deteriorate significantly, including as a result of lower earnings of the Group, declines in asset quality 
and foreign exchange volatility. The Group’s total loan loss provisions have increased in recent years.  Loan 
loss provisions in the Group’s BRSA balance sheet data increased to TL 25,713,591 thousand as of 30 
September 2021, from TL 24,858,909 thousand and TL 18,214,186 thousand as of 31 December 2020 and 2019, 
respectively.  The Group maintained coverage of gross loans of 6.9% as of 30 September 2021, despite NPL 
sales and write-offs that were fully covered. The Group recorded provisions in its income statement of TL 
7,482,567 thousand or 2.92% (net of collections and excluding foreign currency impact that is fully hedged) of 
gross loans and receivables for the year ended 31 December 2019, TL 7,285,348 thousand or 2.51% (net of 
collections and excluding foreign currency impact that is fully hedged) of gross loans and receivables for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 and TL 1,320,869 thousand or 0.51% (net of collections and excluding foreign 
currency impact that is fully hedged) of gross loans and receivables for the year ended 30 September 2021. The 
current level of provisions by the Group may not be sufficient to cover future losses in the future if they 
significantly exceed expectations, such as in the event of a severe economic downturn, and the Group may have 
to create significant additional provisions for possible credit losses in the future.  In particular, the Group has 
taken higher provisions to account for the potential negative impact on asset quality due to the COVID-19 
pandemic and, despite a temporary rule adjusting the categorisation of Stage 1 and Stage 2 loans, the Group 
continues to provide provisions for loan reserves as if this rule had not been implemented (see “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Loan Loss Reserves”).  Any failure by the Group to monitor and regulate the 
adequacy of its provisioning levels could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to liquidity and financing risks 
The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk, arising out of mismatches between the maturities of the Bank’s assets and 
liabilities, which together with increased market volatility and changes in general economic conditions, may 
contribute to the Bank not being able to meet its net funding requirements at a reasonable cost, or at all.  A 
significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of short-term debt and deposits and the Group has a 
mix of short-, medium- and long-term assets in the form of retail, consumer and corporate loans, mortgages and 
credit cards, which may result in asset-liability maturity gaps and ultimately liquidity problems.  As of 30 
September 2021, deposits comprised 54.93% of the Group’s total liabilities and, of all deposits, 96.97% had 
maturities of three months or less. 
In addition, the Group has increased the portion of its funding raised on the international markets, -particularly 
with respect to longer denominated liabilities given the short term nature of its deposit portfolio, and may need 
to access additional wholesale funding in the future to refinance existing liabilities, to balance the duration gap 
of its portfolio and to fund any future growth. As of 30 September 2021, the Group had a total of TL 52,069,030 
thousand of borrowings from wholesale sources, of which TL 29,864,212 thousand of other borrowed funds 
from foreign sources, and TL 43,592,232 of debt securities in issue, in relation to its diversified payment rights 
securitisation and issued bonds in local currency. In order to cover the maturity mismatch from short-term 
funding and long-term lending, the Group has raised longer-term funds in the form of syndications, 
securitisations and other loans, almost all of which are denominated in foreign currency. As of 30 September 
2021, the Group’s total foreign currency denominated bank deposits and borrowings constituted 15.95% of its 
consolidated foreign currency liabilities excluding equity and total bank deposits and borrowings with maturity 
of one year or more was 4.41% of total foreign currency liabilities excluding equity. The Group may have 
difficulties extending this type of funding source and such funding may become more difficult and costly in the 
event of further Turkish Lira depreciation.

--- Page 18 ---
4 
 
 
The Group’s liquidity and financing risks may also be adversely affected by increases in interest rates.  See “—
The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates”. 
The Bank may be unsuccessful in managing its liquidity and maturity profile in the future.  Particularly in light 
of the volatility in the market for emerging market debt, the Bank may have difficulty obtaining financing or 
extending and/or refinancing its existing indebtedness. 
The Bank is subject to risks in its trading activities 
As part of the Bank’s treasury operations, it trades various securities and derivatives, including debt, equity, 
fixed income, currencies and commodities and related derivatives, as both agent and principal, and it derives a 
portion of its non-interest income from profits earned in such trades. 
The Bank may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such securities and derivatives, 
including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its long or short positions, a decline in 
the market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or foreign currency 
exchange rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Bank chooses to hedge 
certain positions do not track the market value of those positions.  Failure to earn profits or incurring losses 
from trading activities as the result of such risks could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in interest rates. As 
of 30 September 2021, total nominal interest rate swap volume (including cross currency interest rate swaps) 
amounted to TL 229,146,420, out of which TL 93,076,946 were under hedge accounting and thus not affected 
by interest rate fluctuations. Nominal interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, 
including monetary policies pursued by the Turkish government (the “Government”) and both domestic and 
international economic and political conditions. 
The Group may be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group may also be adversely affected by changes in interest rates.  For example, if interest rates increase, 
the interest on the Group’s liabilities (predominantly short-term) may rise more quickly than on its assets, 
resulting in deteriorating interest margins. 
If the Group is unable for any reason to reprice or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets in response to 
changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities in an expedited or an effective manner as a result of economic 
or other reasons, then the Group’s interest income margins would be adversely affected.  An increase in interest 
rates may reduce the demand for loans from the Group and its ability to originate loans.  In addition, higher 
interest rates increase the Group’s deposit and borrowing costs and the Group may be required to seek alternative 
sources of liquidity and funding, which may only be available at increased cost or have limited or no availability. 
A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect the Group through, among other things, increased 
pre-payments on its loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits.  In addition, the Group has a portfolio 
of derivative securities which expose it to fluctuations in interest rates, see “—The Bank is subject to risks in its 
trading activities”. 
The Bank monitors interest rate risk from local and foreign currency assets separately. Under its risk 
management framework, the Bank’s foreign currency assets and liabilities are managed to align their maturities, 
taking into account the Bank’s expectations for international interest rate performance. However, interest rate 
risk from local currency assets is more pronounced due to the lag between the repricing of longer maturity assets 
and shorter maturity liabilities.  When interest rates rise, the Group may be adversely affected by the repricing 
lag because its assets will retain lower interest rates as the interest on its liabilities rises resulting in an increase 
in interest expense relative to interest income, reducing margins and the Group’s net interest income.  For a 
description of the Group’s interest rate risk management, see “Risk Management”. 
The nine months ended 30 September 2021 and the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 were 
characterised by a high degree of volatility in interest rates and changes in the Central Bank’s policy, as a result 
of a number of factors, including as a result of COVID-19 and measures introduced to minimize its negative 
impacts, such as the Asset Ratio (as defined in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Additional COVID-19-
Related Temporary Measures”), which created pressure on loan and deposit volumes and thus on the interest 
rate environment, as well as increased political volatility in Turkey, which, among other factors, led Fitch and 
Moody’s to downgrade Turkey’s sovereign credit rating in September 2021.  See “—Political developments in

--- Page 19 ---
5 
 
 
Turkey may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects.” 
Accordingly, any volatility in interest rates can significantly affect the Group’s results of operation and financial 
condition.  See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates”. 
The Group’s loans and receivables may be concentrated among its largest borrowers and in certain industries 
As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s loans to and receivables from its 20 largest borrowers or borrower groups 
amounted to TL 49,292 million or 13.28% of its total loans and receivables, as compared with TL 46,029 
million, or 14.51% of its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2020, TL 46,729 million, or 19.4% of 
its total loans and receivables as of 31 December 2019 and TL 33,177 million, or 14.7% of its total loans and 
receivables as of 31 December 2018. Any impairment in the ability of one or more of these borrowers or 
borrower groups to service or repay their obligations to the Group could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial condition and results of operations.  The Banking Act No. 5411, effective from 1 November 
2005 (the “Banking Law”), restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% of its 
equity capital.  
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s top ten sectors accounted for 73% of the Bank’s gross cash loans. A 
further downturn or slower recovery in any of these sectors (particularly the construction and energy sectors, 
which are more exposed to exchange rate volatility), individually or in the aggregate, may adversely affect the 
financial condition of the companies operating in such sectors and may result in, among other things, a decrease 
of funds that such corporate customers hold on deposit with the Bank, a default on their obligations owed to the 
Bank or a need for the Bank to increase its provisions in respect of such obligations.  Similarly, a downturn of 
any one or more of the Bank’s largest customers’ financial positions may have similar effects.  
The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including credit risk, market 
risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” and “Risk Management”. The Group’s risk management strategies and techniques 
may fail to manage risk adequately in some circumstances.  If circumstances arise that the Group has not 
identified or anticipated adequately, or if the security of its risk management systems is compromised, then the 
Group’s losses could be greater than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are 
based upon its use of historical market behaviour, which, as evidenced by events caused by the global financial 
crisis, may not always accurately predict future risk exposures, which could therefore be significantly greater 
than historical measures indicate. 
In particular, the Group may be unable to correctly assess the creditworthiness of credit applicants. The increase 
in the Group’s loan portfolio (including a significant portion of unseasoned loans) has increased the Group’s 
credit exposure and requires continuous improvement to internal monitoring by the Group’s management of its 
lending policies, credit quality and adequacy of provisioning levels through the Group’s risk management 
programme, particularly in its retail segment (including SMEs). A Turkish centralised credit bureau monitors 
and controls consumer credit information (including credit cards), but it includes only data shared by the Group 
and its competitors in Turkey, not information from other non-bank entities, such as utility companies.  The 
Group uses internal models and scorecards (which incorporate credit bureau information), but the Group is not 
always independently able to confirm information provided by prospective clients and such models and 
scorecards could prove inadequate.  Any failure of the Group’s risk management procedures could also increase 
the Group’s credit risk.  See "—The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may leave it 
exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks". 
In addition, assets that are not traded on public trading markets, such as derivative contracts between banks, 
may be assigned values that the Group calculates using mathematical models and the deterioration of assets like 
these could lead to losses that the Group has not anticipated.  If the Group’s measures to assess and mitigate

--- Page 20 ---
6 
 
 
risk prove insufficient, then the Group may experience material unexpected losses that could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Further depreciation of the Turkish Lira may adversely impact the Bank’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly 
U.S. dollars and euros.  The Bank translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such 
assets and liabilities, and gains/(losses) realised upon the sale of such assets, to Turkish Lira when preparing its 
financial statements.  As a result, the Group’s reported income is affected by changes in the value of the Turkish 
Lira against foreign currencies (primarily the U.S. dollar and euro).  The overall effect of exchange rate 
movements on the Group’s results of operations depends on the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the 
Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. On average, management currently estimates 
that a 10% depreciation of the Turkish Lira would result in an average of 52 basis points (“bps”) CET1 and 40 
bps capital adequacy ratio erosion for the Bank, excluding the temporary forbearance of currency devaluation 
impact on capital calculation. In addition, the Group has a portfolio of derivative securities which expose it to 
fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira against foreign currencies.  For a description of the Group’s risk 
management strategies, see “Risk Management”.  
Until February 2001, it was the stated policy of the Central Bank to devalue the Turkish Lira against the U.S. 
dollar in line with inflation. However, in recent years the depreciation of the Turkish Lira has not been consistent 
with inflation rates as a result of a variety of factors, including both domestic and international factors.  The 
value of the Turkish currency against the U.S. dollar has been volatile over the last years, primarily as a result 
of uncertainties surrounding the political and economic landscape. The Turkish Lira depreciated by 20.5%, 
12.9%, 12.5% and 39.5% against the U.S. dollar, in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  The exchange rate was TL 8.84 per U.S. dollar as of 
30 September 2021, TL 7.34 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2020, TL 5.94 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 
2019, and TL 5.26 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2018.  As of 1 December 2021, volatility in exchange rate 
continues and reached TL 13.88 per U.S. dollar, implying a 56% depreciation since the end of September 2021.  
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant 
Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Exchange Rates”. 
The Group is exposed to volatility in the securities markets 
The Group has historically generated a significant portion of interest income from its securities portfolio, with 
interest and similar income derived from the Group’s marketable securities portfolio in the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 and the years ended 2020, 2019 and 2018, accounting for, 24.1%, 20.4%, 14.4% and  20.2% 
respectively, of its total interest income. 
The Bank’s position in certain Government securities in particular, involves a risk that downward movements 
in the price of these securities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. The Group has a substantial portfolio of Government debt securities, which amounted 
to 18% of the Bank’s total interest earning assets as of 30 September 2021. Any default by the Government in 
the payment of its securities held by the Bank would result in direct loss to the Bank. In addition, a default by 
the Government in making payments on its treasury bills would have a significant negative impact on the 
Turkish economy and the Turkish banking system generally.  
In addition, interest income from Turkish government-issued CPI-linked securities (“CPI-linkers”) contributes 
to the total interest income of the Group and can be material and volatile given significant changes in Turkish 
inflationary conditions over the past several years. During periods of high inflation, the relative contribution of 
CPI-linkers tends to increase. While the contribution of income from the Group’s securities portfolio has been 
relatively significant over recent years, normalisation of CPI inflation has reduced the contribution to the 
Group’s interest income from CPI-linkers. A material decline in the returns from the Bank’s trading and 
investment securities and/or a decline in the market value of Government securities could lead to a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 21 ---
7 
 
 
The Group's capital adequacy ratio and its ability to obtain funding may be affected by changes to its credit 
ratings and the credit ratings of Turkey. 
If the Rating Agencies negatively revise current ratings or outlooks for Turkey, the Bank or the Notes, such 
change could materially adversely affect the trading value of the Notes, the Group's ability to finance its 
operations or the expected expansion of its business going forward. A change in credit rating could adversely 
affect the Bank’s calculation of its capital adequacy ratio. The Bank calculates its capital adequacy ratio 
according to the 2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation published by the BRSA, which allows the Bank to use only 
Fitch ratings to calculate the risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes.  See “Management Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital Adequacy”. 
Credit ratings also affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. Rating 
Agencies regularly evaluate the Bank and their ratings of the Bank’s long-term debt are based on a number of 
factors, including its financial strength as well as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally.  
For more on the risks associated with the credit rating assigned to the Notes see “—Risks Related to the Notes 
Generally—Credit ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes”. 
In addition, any downgrade in Turkey's credit rating would likely have a significant negative impact on the 
Turkish banking sector generally and might have a material adverse effect on the Bank's own rating and its 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  For example, in both 2018 and 2019, each of 
Moody’s, S&P and Fitch downgraded the Bank’s rating or those of its financial products following the 
downgrade or negative review of the Turkish government’s sovereign rating, debt rating or its foreign currency 
deposit ceiling. 
Overall, management expects that Turkey’s downgrade to below investment grade bond status may have 
medium-term negative implications on key macroeconomic balances. Any future or potential further 
downgrades of the Turkish sovereign rating could negatively affect the Rating Agencies' perception of the 
Bank’s rating.  See “—Risks Related to Turkey—Political developments in Turkey may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects—Increased political 
risks following the coup attempt of July 2016”, for further discussion of the reasons behind Turkey’s sovereign 
debt rating downgrades and associated affects on the Bank.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Turkish 
Economy” for more detail on the Rating Agencies’ rating actions. 
The Group is controlled by a large shareholder and has business with related parties 
The Bank is primarily controlled by Koç Holding A.Ş. and its affiliates (the “Koç Group”), one of the largest 
conglomerate groups in Turkey.  The Koç Group owns 49.97% of the Bank’s outstanding shares and UniCredit 
S.p.A., an international financial services group engaged in a wide range of banking, financial and related 
activities in Europe, owns 20.00%, while the balance is held by minority shareholders. 
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş. (“KFS”), which was jointly 
owned by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. In November 2019, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. reached 
an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure (the “2019 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement”). 
On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the contemplated share transfers, whereby 
UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital and the Koç Group 
increased its ownership to 49.97%.  Immediately after the completion of the share transfers between the Koç 
Group and UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through accelerated book building 
of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors.  The sale took place on 13 February 
2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00%. 
In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced that pursuant to a right of first offer under 
the 2019 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç Holding”) will acquire an additional 
18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from UniCredit S.p.A., with closing of the transaction expected 
in the first quarter of 2022, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions (the “2022 Share

--- Page 22 ---
8 
 
 
Acquisition”). Following the announced 2022 Share Acquisition, the Koç Group is expected to hold 67.97% of 
the Bank’s outstanding share capital, based on the Bank’s current outstanding share capital, and UniCredit 
S.p.A. is expected to no longer remain a significant shareholder in the Bank.  As a result of the 2022 Share 
Acquisition, the Koç Group is expected to surpass a 50% threshold defined in the CMB’s Communique on 
Takover Bids dated 23 January 2014 and numbered 28891 and, accordingly, the Koç Holding will conduct a 
mandatory tender offer after closing of the transaction, which may further increase the Koç Group’s stake in the 
Bank.  UniCredit S.p.A. has announced the sale on the market of its remaining shares in the Bank, comprising 
2.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital. 
The reduction in UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake and change in the Bank’s ownership structure may involve further 
changes to the relationship between the Bank and UniCredit S.p.A..  UniCredit S.p.A. may decide to discontinue 
its business with the bank or financial or other support for the Bank.  
The Koç Group controls the Group as the controlling shareholder and has the power to appoint board members 
and senior executives of the Bank and determine the outcome of most matters to be decided by shareholders’ 
resolutions.  The interests of the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may differ from those of the Bank 
and its creditors. As a result, the controlling shareholder and/or the BRSA may prevent the Bank from making 
certain decisions, may take certain actions that would benefit them or may take certain actions that fail to protect 
the interests of the Bank’s other constituencies, including investors in the Notes. The Bank’s decisions and 
actions may prioritise the long-term interests of the Group, rather than the interests of the Noteholders. The 
Bank’s decisions in such cases may negatively affect the Noteholders. 
The Bank believes that the continued involvement of the Koç Group is important in the pursuit and 
implementation of the Bank’s strategy, including providing an important source of business for the Group.  In 
the future the Koç Group may decide not to remain a shareholder or may discontinue its business with the Bank 
or financial or other support for the Bank.  The Bank’s credit rating, business and results of operations may be 
materially adversely affected if the major shareholder ceases to control the Bank.  
The Group may suffer a failure or interruption in, or breach of its information systems 
The Group’s information systems are critical in the normal operation of its business.  Any failure, interruption 
or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in its risk management, general 
ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important systems.  If the Group’s information 
systems failed, even for a short period of time, then it could be unable to serve some or all of its customers’ 
needs on a timely basis and could thereby lose business.  Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Bank’s 
information systems could result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification.  In addition, 
despite its investments in IT infrastructure, failure to update and develop the Group’s existing information 
systems as effectively as its competitors may result in a loss of the competitive advantages that it believes its 
information systems provide.  Although the Group has developed business continuity plans, back-up systems 
and a disaster recovery centre, and expects to be able to continue its critical operations through branches and 
digital channels in case of emergency, no assurance can be given that failures will not occur. As part of its two 
year investment strategy, significant investment has been made for disaster recovery and cyber security 
infrastructure, but in case of a disaster, such efforts may be insufficient based on the disaster scenario.  
The Group’s business may be subject to labour disputes  
The Group is exposed to the risk of labour disputes and other industrial actions.  In total, as of 30 September 
2021, 8,710 of the Bank’s employees were members of the Union of Employees working at Banks and Insurance 
Companies (Banka ve Sigorta İşçileri Sendikasi) (the “Union”), amounting to approximately 55% of the Bank’s 
employees. The Bank may experience strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any such 
action could disrupt operations, possibly for a significant period of time, result in increased wages and benefits 
or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations.  See “Business of the Bank—Employees”.  
The Group is subject to operational risk 
Similar to other financial institutions, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees or 
outsiders, unauthorised transactions by employees and other operational errors (including clerical or record 
keeping errors and errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems).  The Group is also

--- Page 23 ---
9 
 
 
subject, from time to time, to service interruptions to third party services such as telecommunications, which 
are beyond the Group’s control.  Such interruptions may result in interruption to services to the Group’s 
branches and/or impact customer service.  Given the Group’s high volume of transactions, errors may be 
repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified.  In addition, a number of banking transactions 
are not fully automated, which may further increase the risk that human error or employee tampering will result 
in losses that may be difficult for any bank to detect quickly or at all.  While the Group maintains a system of 
controls designed to monitor and control operational risk, there can be no assurance that the Group will not 
suffer losses from such risks.  Losses from the failure of the Group’s system of internal controls to discover and 
rectify such matters could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations.   
The Group is dependent on its senior management and other personnel 
The Bank is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and the operation of its day-to-day 
business.  In addition, retail, corporate and other business relationships of members of senior management are 
important to the conduct of the Bank’s business.  See “Management”.  If members of the Group’s senior 
management were to leave, then the relationships that those employees have and which have benefited the Group 
may end.   
In addition, the Bank’s continuing success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and motivate 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel.  Any failure to recruit and retain necessary 
personnel or manage its personnel successfully could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that 
may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 global pandemic has impacted and is expected to continue to impact the Group’s 
business and the businesses of its customers.  The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global 
economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and 
disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels. Many of these impacts have continued 
through 2021. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on economic 
conditions in Turkey, including economic growth, and the end date of any adverse impacts is uncertain. In 
addition, the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of social 
distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities. As a result, the demand for the 
Group's products and services may be significantly impacted. Furthermore, the pandemic could influence the 
recognition of credit losses in the Group's loan portfolios and increase its allowance for credit losses, particularly 
if certain businesses are again forced to close and if more customers draw on their lines of credit or seek 
additional loans to help finance their businesses. Similarly, because of changing economic and market 
conditions affecting issuers, the Group may be required to recognise other-than-temporary impairments in future 
periods on the securities it holds as well as reductions in other comprehensive income. The Group's business 
operations may also be disrupted if significant portions of its workforce are unable to work effectively, including 
because of illness, quarantines, government actions, or other restrictions in connection with the pandemic.  
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Group's long-term business, results of operations, 
and financial condition, as well as its regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, continues to depend on future 
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the 
impacts of the pandemic (including any new variants) and actions taken by governmental authorities and other 
third parties in response to the pandemic. As one of the largest lenders in Turkey, increased credit risk, including 
as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions, changes in market conditions, the regulatory environment, 
or other external factors, such as natural disasters, disease pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or 
political or social matters, could require the Group to increase its provision for credit losses and allowance for 
credit losses and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations and financial 
condition. The Group has conservative provisions for its potential losses, but may have greater credit risk and 
higher credit losses to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or 
location of the borrower or collateral.  
Measures by the Turkish government to minimize the negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the 
economy could also impact the Bank’s financial results.  For example, the Bank provided postponements to

--- Page 24 ---
10 
 
 
assist customers, permitting borrowers to delay principal and interest payments by three months.  For more 
information with regards to the recent impact of COVID-19 on the the business of the Group, please see “—
Risks Related to Turkey— Turkey’s economy may be impacted by disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 
pandemic”, “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures” and 
“Recent Developments—COVID-19 Update”. 
Risks Related to Turkey 
As of 30 September 2021, 96.31% of the Group’s total assets and the majority of the Group’s operations were 
in Turkey. Therefore, the Group’s business and results of operations are primarily affected by economic 
conditions in Turkey.  
Political developments in Turkey may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects 
Turkey has from time to time experienced volatile political social conditions, including a failed coup d’état 
attempt in July 2016.  The Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkinma Partisi) (the “AKP”) has been 
in power since 2002 and has been able to govern without reliance upon a coalition partner.  As a result of the 
elections held on 7 June 2015, the AKP’s position declined, receiving approximately 41% of the votes. With 
these elections, the People’s Democracy Party (Halkların Demokratik Partisi) (the “HDP”) entered Parliament 
for the first time. A new election was held on 2 November 2015. With this election, the AKP’s position was 
strengthened with approximately 49.9% of the votes, which was once again sufficient to establish a council of 
ministers without a coalition. 
Following the November 2015 elections, the AKP announced its intention to replace the existing constitution 
with a new constitution. In the referendum held on 16 April 2017, the majority of the votes cast approved 
proposed amendments to certain articles of the Turkish Constitution including replacing the existing 
parliamentary system of government with an executive presidency and a presidential system. Following the 
constitutional amendments enacted with the referendum, the president was permitted to remain the head of a 
political party, and on 21 May 2017, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was re-elected as the chairman of the AKP. 
In elections held on 24 June 2018, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan received approximately 53% of the votes, being 
re-elected as the President, whereas the President’s party and the Nationalist Movement Party (Milliyetçi 
Hareket Partisi) (the “MHP”), which formed the “People’s Alliance” bloc with the AKP, together received 
sufficient votes to hold a majority of the seat in Parliament. As of 9 July 2018, the parliamentary system was 
transformed into a presidential one and Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan thus now holds the additional powers granted 
to the President pursuant to the referendum described above. As of the same date, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 
announced the new cabinet, including non-AKP members and Mr. Berat Albayrak, his son-in-law, as the new 
minister of Treasury and Finance.  
On 10 July 2018, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan issued a decree: (a) empowering the President to appoint: (i) the 
governor of the Central Bank and (ii) the deputy governors of the Central Bank, (b) removing the previous 
requirement for deputy governors of the Central Bank to have at least ten years of professional experience and 
(c) shortening the office term of the governor and the deputy governors of the Central Bank to four years from 
five years (in any case, the governor’s term of office is limited to the term of the President who is on duty at the 
date of the appointment of such governor). On 6 July 2019, Murat Çetinkaya, the governor of the Central Bank, 
was removed a year before his four-year term was scheduled to end. He was replaced by his former deputy, 
Murat Uysal, who was then replaced by Naci Ağbal on 7 November 2020. On 20 March 2021, Naci Ağbal was 
replaced by Şahap Kavcıoğlu after a series of interest rate increases. The dismissal of Mr. Naci Ağbal, the then-
governor of the Central Bank on 20 March 2021, led to a negative market reaction, with investors’ sales of 
certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock index declining by 9.6% in a week 
and the Turkish Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 7.27 per U.S. dollar before the 
dismissal of the governor to TL 7.99 per U.S. Dollar) during the same period. Following the appointment of 
Şahap Kavcıoğlu as the governer, the Central Bank announced several decreases in the policy interest rate, and 
the Turkish Lira reached to an all time low of TL 13.96 per U.S. dollar as of 30 November 2021. The exchange 
rate has continued to be under pressure in the balance of 2021 as the CBRT adopted a looser monetary stance 
despite high inflationary conditions. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates”.

--- Page 25 ---
11 
 
 
As illustrated by these events, significant uncertainty remains regarding the economic agenda of the new 
government, the independence of the Central Bank, and whether orthodox reform plans will be accomplished. 
Such uncertainty was aggravated by the dismissal of the Central Bank governor on 7 November 2020 by the 
President, followed by the resignation of Mr. Berat Albayrak, from his duty as the treasury and finance minister 
which was accepted by the President on 9 November 2020 and Mr. Lütfi Elvan was appointed as the new 
treasury and finance minister. On 2 December 2021, Mr. Lütfi Elvan also resigned from his duty and replaced 
by Mr. Nureddin Nebati. It remains unclear, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, what impact such structure 
and policies might have in the future on Turkish government institutions. As such, political uncertainty is likely 
to continue. 
Local elections took place on 31 March 2019, as a result of which the AKP lost control of several major cities, 
including İstanbul, Ankara and Antalya; however, the AKP claimed election fraud in, and requested to repeat 
the elections in İstanbul. On 6 May 2019, the Supreme Election Board of Turkey (T.C. Yüksek Seçim Kurulu) 
has cancelled the results of the elections in İstanbul (which showed a narrow lead for the opposition party). The 
repeat local elections were held on 23 June 2019 and resulted in the transition of the control of İstanbul 
municipality from AKP to the main opposition party the Republican People's Party (Cumhuriyet Halk Partisi). 
All these factors could significantly impact investors’ perceptions of Turkey and its future growth. 
Changes in the governance and operation of Turkey’s institutions, could contribute to the volatility of Turkish 
financial markets and/or have an adverse effect on investors’ perception of Turkey, including with respect to 
the actual or perceived independence of such institutions. 
The political instability in Turkey may continue and the political situation in Turkey may further deteriorate. 
Actual or perceived political instability in Turkey or any negative changes in the political environment, 
including further conflicts between senior politicians in Turkey or the failure of the Government to devise or 
implement appropriate economic programmes, may individually or in the aggregate adversely affect the Turkish 
economy and, in turn, the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and the 
value of the Notes. In particular, any perception that the constitutional changes that have been made to 
implement the new executive presidency system may restrict parliamentary and judicial supervision of executive 
decisions may also increase political instability or otherwise negatively impact investors’ perception of the 
Turkish political climate, which could result in a number of negative impacts, including deteriorating asset 
prices and weaker economic activity. 
Increased political risks following the coup attempt of July 2016 
Turkey has also experienced controversies between the Government and the military.  On 15 July 2016, the 
Turkish government was subject to an attempted coup by a group within the Turkish army. The Turkish 
government and the Turkish security forces (including the Turkish army) took control of the situation in a short 
period of time and the ruling government remained in control. On 20 July 2016, after the failed coup attempt, 
the Turkish President announced, pursuant to Article 120 of the Turkish Constitution, a nationwide state of 
emergency, which was extended ultimately until July 2018, entitling the government to exercise additional 
powers. Under Article 120 of the Turkish Constitution, in the event of serious indications of widespread acts of 
violence aimed at the destruction of the free democratic order, a state of emergency may be declared in one or 
more regions of, or throughout, the country for a period not exceeding six months. The state of emergency, 
however, ended in July 2018. 
The government has (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions (including schools, 
universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, discharged 
or otherwise limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c) restricted 
media outlets and (d) otherwise taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion of these 
actions to members of the business community. There may be disruptions in the operations of public institutions 
(such as the BRSA and the CMB) as teams are reorganised, which may impact operations in the Bank that are 
dependent on such public institutions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus and to the best of the Bank’s 
knowledge, certain investigations and trials with respect to the attempted coup are still ongoing. There might be 
further arrests and actions taken by the government in relation to these investigations, including changes in 
policies and laws. Any future investigations may include customers of the Bank, which could impact such 
customers’ ability to meet their obligations and may in turn result in an adverse impact on the Bank’s loan 
portfolio.

--- Page 26 ---
12 
 
 
Furthermore, during July 2016, Moody’s placed Turkey’s sovereign credit rating and the ratings of 17 Turkish 
banks on review for potential downgrade; S&P downgraded Turkey’s sovereign rating and those of five Turkish 
banks; and Fitch changed Turkey’s sovereign rating outlook from “stable” to “negative.” In the following years, 
Turkey’s ratings were subject to changes by those institutions on an ongoing basis. For further discussion of the 
risks associated with the credit ratings of Turkey and the Bank see “—Risks Related to the Group’s Business—
The Group’s capital adequacy ratio and its ability to obtain funding may be affected by changes to its credit 
ratings and the credit ratings of Turkey”. 
The political and social circumstances surrounding the attempted coup and its aftermath (including rating 
downgrades of Turkey and the Bank) or other political developments could have a negative impact on the 
Turkish economy and institutions (including the value of the Turkish Lira, international investors’ willingness 
to invest in Turkey and domestic demand), the institutional and regulatory framework, the Bank’s liquidity 
and/or conditions (financial or otherwise) and/or the value and/or market price of an investment in Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Conflict and uncertainty within Turkey or in neighbouring and nearby countries may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects 
Turkey is located in a region that has been subject to on-going political and security concerns, especially in 
recent years.  Political uncertainty within Turkey and in certain neighbouring and nearby countries, such as Iraq, 
Syria, Afghanistan, Iran, Georgia, Cyprus, Egypt, Ukraine and Armenia has historically been one of the potential 
risks associated with an investment in Turkish securities. 
Since December 2010, political instability has increased markedly in a number of countries in the Middle East 
and North Africa, such as Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, Jordan, Bahrain and Yemen.  
Tensions have also increased between a number of Middle Eastern states, notably Iran and Saudi Arabia.  Lately, 
the seismic searches conducted by Turkey in the Aegean and Mediterranean seas based on its continental shelf 
arguments, has heightened the tension between Turkey and Greece.  Unrest in these countries (as well as global 
tensions with Iran, between Russia and Ukraine, or between Azerbaijan and Armenia) may have political 
implications in Turkey or otherwise have a negative impact on Turkish economy, including through both 
financial markets and the real economy.  
Risks associated with the conflicts in Syria and Afghanistan 
Turkey is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including political 
instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East. In particular, the on-
going conflicts in Syria, against ISIS, and in Afghanistan, against Taliban, a Sharia Islamic militant group, have 
been the subject of significant international attention and conditions in the region remain volatile. Unrest in 
these countries might affect Turkey’s relationships with its neighbours, have political implications both within 
Turkey and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on Turkey. Such impacts might 
occur (inter alia) through the significant movement of Syrian or Afghan refugees (including through Turkey 
into the European Union (“EU”)), a lower flow of foreign direct investment into Turkey, capital outflows and/or 
increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In October 2019, the Turkish military, following a pullback by the United States of its presence in northern 
Syria, commenced military operations to create a “safe zone” in northern Syria in an effort to enhance Turkey’s 
border security. This engagement expanded, including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in many 
Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the Turkish and Syrian militaries. As this territory was 
largely held by the People’s Protection Unit (YPG) in Syria, which had assisted the U.S. in the fight against 
ISIS but that Turkey designates as a terrorist organization and believes is affiliated with the Kurdistan Worker’s 
Party (the “PKK”) (an organization that is listed as terrorist organization by various states and organizations, 
including Turkey, the EU and the United States), significant conflict in the region might occur. In addition to 
objections raised by Syria, Iran and Russia to this military activity, the United States (inter alios) has taken 
certain actions and might impose additional sanctions upon Turkey and/or take other actions that might 
negatively impact the Turkish economy and/or Turkey’s relationship with the United States. While Turkey has 
entered into separate agreements with the United States and Russia that aim to achieve multi-party agreement 
on this “safe zone,” the parties might disagree about the implementation of these agreements and/or the parties’ 
adherence to their terms.

--- Page 27 ---
13 
 
 
In August 2021, Taliban, has taken over the major cities of Afghanistan after the United States announced their 
pullback from the country, which caused a new migration wave through EU and Turkey. Mr. Recep Tayyip 
Erdoğan and high-level government officials made various statements noting that Turkey will not shoulder the 
burden of a new migration wave, similar to the one the country have faced in the last years due to the conflicts 
in Syria. 
The above-mentioned events might result in the volatility of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect 
on investors’ perception of Turkey and/or have an adverse effect on Turkey’s ability to support economic growth 
and manage regional conditions. 
Risks from events affecting Turkey’s relationship with Russia 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Libya was a center of political turmoil and foreign countries had divided 
political approach in Libya. Some countries, including Turkey have been supporting the United Nations-
recognized Government of National Accord (“GNA”) based in Tripoli, whereas others have been supporting 
Haftar’s Libyan National Army, which controls the east. Turkey and Russia support opposing sides. Turkey has 
intervened in this conflict in January 2020, by sending troops and drones to support the GNA. Turkey continues 
to send troops via land and air in order to back the UN-recognized government. The balance of power has shifted 
in the region in favour of GNA which Turkey supported and the GNA continues its progress toward the country's 
east. 
Heightened tensions between Turkey and Russia over Syria or events in Ukraine could materially negatively 
affect the Turkish economy, including through any negative impact on Turkey’s tourism revenues or its access 
to Russian energy supplies. Russia has become Turkey’s second largest trading partner and the largest supplier 
of natural gas to Turkey. In October 2020, the conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed 
territory of Nagorno-Karabakh has been aggravated.  Turkey has supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which 
may again put it in conflict with Russian interests. Any disruption to the relationship with Russia might have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations and on the 
market price of the Notes. 
Risks from events affecting Turkey’s relationship with the United States 
On 8 October 2017, the United States suspended all non-immigrant visa services for Turkish citizens in Turkey 
following the arrest of an employee of the United States consulate in İstanbul. On the same date, Turkey 
retaliated by issuing a statement that restricts the visa application process for United States citizens.  While visa 
services have since returned to normal, relations between the two countries remained strained on various topics, 
including the conviction of an executive of a state-controlled bank, Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (who was 
released in July 2019 after serving his sentence), for bank fraud and conspiracy to violate U.S. sanctions laws 
in assisting Iran to evade U.S. sanctions and the related judicial process against Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş.  
Furthermore, in August 2018 the United States had imposed sanctions on two Turkish ministers and increased 
import taxes on Turkish steel and aluminium. Nonetheless, on 12 October 2018, a Turkish court released a 
detained American pastor who had been arrested in October 2016, and the United States removed the sanctions 
imposed on Turkish ministers. In addition, on the week of 2 November 2018, certain U.S. sanctions on Iranian 
financial and energy sectors and on certain other imports from Iran, were re-imposed. Nevertheless, the United 
States granted Turkey a partial exemption allowing it to import limited amounts of oil from Iran for six months. 
However, such exemption was not renewed at the end of the six month period and it remains uncertain whether 
Turkey will, or will be able to, comply with such U.S. sanctions against Iran. Any similar events in the future, 
including any operations of the Turkish armed forces in Syria targeting organisations that Turkey deems to be 
terrorist organisations related to People’s Congress of Kurdistan (formerly known as the PKK), in connection 
with the potential U.S. withdrawal from Syria, including any restrictive or punitive actions adopted by the U.S. 
and/or EU institutions in connection with operations and/or actions of Turkey in the northern Syria and/or 
Turkey’s compliance with any further prospective U.S. sanctions against Iran might result in (or contribute to) 
a deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and the EU and/or the United States and might have a negative 
impact on the Turkish economy.  
The relationship with the United States was also impacted by Turkey’s agreement to acquire a U.S.$2.5 billion 
S-400 air and missile defense system from Russia in December 2017. In response, the United States announced 
that Turkey will be removed from the F-35 program under which Turkey acquires fighter jets from the United

--- Page 28 ---
14 
 
 
States and the United States has threatened further sactions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus a bill to 
impose new sanctions as the result of Turkey’s acquisition of the S-400 defense system and for Turkey’s military 
involvement in Syria is under consideration in the U.S. Senate. As such, political uncertainty might continue.  
In October 2020, a U.S. federal judge ruled in a case that the Turkish participation bank, Kuveyt Türk Katılım 
Bankası A.Ş., can be sued in a United States court under the Justice for United States Victims of State Sponsored 
Terrorism Act on the basis of the allegations that it helped aid Hamas, an organisation which is declared as a 
terrorist group by the United States. However, there are no other public updates as regards a potential lawsuit 
or investigation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, certain regulatory actions, investigations, allegations of past or current wrongdoing and similar 
actions (including the judicial process against Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş.) might lead to related actions, rumours 
and/or uncertainties surrounding breaches by Turkish banks of international sanctions laws or other financial 
markets misconduct. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the final outcome in relation to the judicial process, 
including any appeal and whether any sanction, fine or penalty will be imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control (“OFAC”) or any other U.S. regulatory body on Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. or any other Turkish bank 
or person in connection with those matters, as well as the possible reaction of the financial markets to any such 
events or speculation regarding such events, is unknown.   
President Biden won the U.S. presidential election held on 3 November 2020 and the Biden administration took 
office on 20 January 2021. On April 2021, U.S. President Biden referred to the World War I deaths of Armenians 
in the Ottoman empire as genocide, which might negatively contribute to Turkey’s relationship with the United 
States. It is uncertain whether the positions that the new administration might take with respect to Turkey, 
including relating to any of the aforementioned topics, (including potential additional sanctions), might 
materially alter the relationship between Turkey and the U.S.  
Risks from events affecting Turkey’s relationship with the EU  
In March 2016, Turkey signed an agreement with the EU in an effort to control the irregular flow from Turkey 
to the EU of the refugees, mainly displaced due to the conflict in Syria. However, such agreement has not been 
fully implemented in accordance with its terms as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and the Turkish officials 
stated in 2019 that the EU has not fulfilled yet its undertakings made under such agreement. 
On 25 April 2017, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted to restart monitoring Turkey in 
connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy. Diplomatic or political tensions 
between Turkey and member states of the EU or other countries might impact trade or demand for imports and 
exports.  
In the recent years, several important natural gas reserves have been discovered in the eastern Mediterranean, 
in the territorial waters and exclusive economic zone of the island of Cyprus. Both the Republic of Southern 
Cyprus, an EU member but not legally recognized by Turkey, supported by Greece, and the Turkish Republic 
of Northern Cyprus, not legally recognized by the EU and supported by Turkey, lay claim to gas in these waters 
and launched drilling activities. In its conclusions of 15 July 2019, the Council of the EU recalled its previous 
conclusions, and stated that (i) such drilling activities of Turkey, which the Council deems illegal, have a serious 
immediate negative impact across the range of EU-Turkey relations, (ii) it has decided not to hold further 
meetings of the EU-Turkey high-level dialogues for the time being, (iii) it endorses the European Commission’s 
proposal to reduce the pre-accession assistance to Turkey for 2020, and (iv) it invites the European Investment 
Bank (the “EIB”) to review its lending activities in Turkey, notably with regard to sovereign-backed lending. 
On 11 November 2019, the EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities 
responsible for, or involved in, these drilling activities. 
More recently, tensions have increased between Turkey and France, including due to differing interests in the 
conflict in Libya and terrorist attacks in France, which have led to the Turkish President calling for a boycott of 
French goods and France to withdraw its ambassador from Turkey. In October 2020, both France and Greece 
asked the EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement with Turkey and, on 26 November 
2020, the European Parliament passed a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions on Turkey. On 11 
December 2020, EU leaders agreed to impose sanctions against unspecified individuals and entities involved in 
activities related to the disputed waters, with the identity of these individuals and sanctions to be named shortly 
thereafter, and noted that further sanctions might be imposed in early 2021; however, in March 2021, EU leaders

--- Page 29 ---
15 
 
 
decided to postpone these plans in light of increased diplomatic activity. Any decision by the EU to abolish the 
customs union with Turkey, end Turkey’s EU accession bid or impose additional sanctions on Turkey might 
result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and the EU and have material 
negative impacts on Turkey’s economy. 
The events described above and any similar events in the future, including deterioration of the relations between 
Turkey and Greece due to the matter of eastern Mediterranean natural gas reserves and any prospective actions 
which might be taken by the EU in response to Turkey’s aforementioned activities in the eastern Mediterranean, 
including the maritime agreement made between GNA and Turkey in relation to their continental shelves and 
the seismic searches conducted, or northern Syria, might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the 
relationship between Turkey and the EU and might have a negative impact on the investors’ perceptions of 
Turkey and the broader Turkish economy, for reasons including the lack of Turkey’s access to EU funding. 
Risks relating to domestic terrorism 
Terrorist attacks and the threat of future terrorism have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect 
on Turkey’s capital markets, the level of tourism, foreign investment and other elements of the Turkish economy 
and ultimately on the Bank’s financial condition and results of operations. Turkey experienced increasing 
incidents of terrorist attacks in 2016, both from ISIS and the People’s Congress of Kurdistan, formerly known 
as PKK. While the Bank’s property and business interruption insurance covers damage to insured property 
directly caused by terrorism, such amounts may be insufficient to cover any losses that it may incur. 
Other risks from events affecting Turkey’s international relations 
On 2 October 2018, a Saudi journalist went missing after entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul. The Istanbul 
prosecutors started a criminal investigation about the incident, and on 31 October 2018, the chief prosecutor of 
Istanbul issued a written statement about the investigation. According to such statement, evidence was found 
that the Saudi journalist was killed intentionally in the Saudi consulate and investigations are continuing. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and to the best of the Bank’s knowledge, judicial process in Turkey and Saudi 
Arabia is continuing, and the outcome of such process and their implications on the relationship between Turkey 
and Saudi Arabia are not clear or predictable. A deterioration of the relationship between Turkey and Saudi 
Arabia could negatively affect Turkey’s economy, including through its impact on the global economy and the 
impact it might have on Turkey’s access to Saudi energy supplies.  This, in turn, may have an adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making it highly 
dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish government 
Turkish banks have traditionally invested a large portion of their assets in securities issued by the Government.  
As of 30 September 2021, 96.17% of the Group’s securities portfolio was invested in securities issued by the 
Government (representing 17% of its total assets), compared to 94.19% as of 31 December 2020 (representing 
15% of its total assets). The Group’s securities to assets ratio was 18% as of 30 September 2021, in comparison 
with the 16% average for private banks (as of 31 December 2020, the Group’s ratio was 16%, with the average 
for private banks being 16%. In addition to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the 
perception of an increased risk of default by the Government in making payments on its securities or the 
downgrade in Turkey’s credit rating would likely have a significant negative impact on the Turkish banking 
system generally and thus may affect the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Turkey’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit 
In the past, Turkey has experienced high annual rates of inflation.  This has historically been considered one of 
the most significant problems faced by the Turkish economy.  Over the five-year period ended 31 December 
2002, the Turkish economy experienced annual inflation averaging approximately 54.4% per year as measured 
by the CPI.  Turkey adopted an open inflation targeting framework in 2006 with binding inflation targets.  
Inflation was reduced, but consistently remained above the Central Bank’s medium-range target of 5%, and was 
driven by a succession of inflationary shocks such as the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, a surge in commodity 
prices in 2007 and 2008, temporary increases in government expenditure and increased taxes, etc.   
Although prior policies have had some success in reducing inflation from its formerly high levels, inflation has 
increased again in recent years and such policies may not be successful in the future, especially given Turkey’s

--- Page 30 ---
16 
 
 
substantial current account deficit and global liquidity conditions.  As of 31 December 2018, CPI inflation 
reached 20.30%, mainly driven by the increase in the prices of home appliances and food and non-alcoholic 
beverages.  At the end of 2019, CPI remained at 11.8% on a yearly basis, driven mainly by the increase in the 
price of alcoholic beverages and tobacco, transport, education and healthcare services. As of 31 December 2020, 
CPI inflation reached 14.6%, mostly due to rising food prices and transportation. As of 31 October 2021, CPI 
inflation reached 19.89% on a yearly basis, mainly due to supply-side factors such as the rise in food and import 
prices and disruptions in supply chains, the rise in administered prices, and demand developments due to the re-
opening of the Turkish economy from COVID-19 related restrictions. Meanwhile, the rise in producer prices 
persisted, and continued to exert pressure on consumer prices. The Central Bank communicated after its 
November 2021 monetary policy committee (“MPC”) meeting that it expects the temporary impact of supply-
side factors, among other factors beyond the control of monetary policy, to have a persistent upward impact on 
prices through the first half of 2022. 
If the level of inflation in Turkey fluctuate or increase significantly (for any reason), then the Bank’s costs may 
increase, and, if not accompanied by an increase in interest rates, then its operating and net margins may 
decrease.  Inflationary pressures may also curtail the Bank’s ability to access foreign financial markets and may 
lead to further Government intervention in the economy, including the introduction of Government policies that 
may adversely affect the overall performance of the Turkish economy.  The various impacts of inflation thus 
may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Central Bank closely monitors the U.S. Federal Reserve’s actions and has historically taken action to 
maintain price and financial stability. Between December 2015 and December 2018, the U.S. Federal Reserve 
raised the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% nine times. However, in July 2019, the U.S. Federal Reserve halted 
its rate-increasing cycle, cut the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% and announced its decision to halt the reduction 
in its balance sheet on 1 August 2019, two months earlier than planned. The U.S. Federal Reserve further cut 
the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% in each of September and October 2019 and by 0.50% on 3 March 2020 
and 1.00% on 16 March 2020. Afterwards, the U.S. Federal Reserve maintained the target range for the federal 
funds rate at 0 to 0.25%. It is expected to maintain this level until it is confident that the economy is on track to 
achieve its labor market and inflation goals. The Turkish Lira and certain other emerging market currencies may 
depreciate against the U.S. dollar if the U.S. Federal Reserve does not ease monetary policy to the degree 
expected by the financial markets. Primarily due to changes in macroeconomic conditions and the political 
uncertainty, the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar from TL 4.56 to 1 U.S. dollar at the end of June 
2018 to TL 6.88 to 1 U.S. dollar on 13 August 2018, as a result of heightened tensions in relations between 
Turkey and the United States. Nevertheless, due to, among other factors, tight monetary stance of the Turkish 
Central Bank and favourable monetary stance of the developed-country central banks for Turkish Lira and 
certain other emerging market currencies, the Turkish Lira appreciated from TL 6.55 to 1 U.S. dollar at the end 
of August 2018 to as low as TL 5.47 to 1 U.S. dollar in August 2019. The exchange rate increased to TL 8.84 
to to 1 U.S. dollar as of 30 September 2021. Over the year ended 30 September 2021, Turkish Lira depreciated 
against the U.S. dollar by 20.5%. As of 1 December 2021, volatility in exchange rate continues and reached TL 
13.88 per U.S. dollar, implying a 56% depreciation since the end of September 2021.   
The size of Turkey’s current account deficit or adverse changes in its balance of payments position (including 
the availability of external financing for Turkey) could lead to exchange rate adjustments and higher inflation, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. Turkey’s current account deficit significantly decreased to U.S. $27.0 billion (3.4% of GDP) for 
2018, on a 12-month basis, and the current account reached a surplus of U.S. $8.7 billion (1.1% of GDP) for 
2019.  The account balance turned to a deficit in the second quarter of 2020 and the deficit was U.S. $27.5 
billion (3.8% of GDP) as of 30 December 2020, on a 12-month rolling basis, primarily because of the decrease 
in services revenue due to the conditions stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic and the increase in trade 
deficit. On the services side, the revenue from tourism and transportation sectors decreased by 70% and 40% 
respectively in the year ended 30 December 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.  In 2021, the current 
account balance started to improve gradually due to increase in exports owing to the rapid recovery in global 
demand and the rise in export prices. Meanwhile, the recovery in services gained momentum on the back of the 
acceleration of vaccination and lifting of COVID-19-related restrictions. The deficit was U.S. $18.4 billion 
(2.4% of GDP) as of 30 September 2021, on a 12-month rolling basis. In the services sector, net revenue from 
the tourism and the transportation sector increased by 120% and 34.7%, respectively, in the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2020. Although there has been a recovery 
in current account due to upward trend in exports, rising commodity and energy prices remain as a risk for

--- Page 31 ---
17 
 
 
current account given Turkey’s dependence on energy. Various events including any deterioration in economic 
conditions in Turkey’s primary export customers and geopolitical risks (such as tariffs imposed by the United 
States on imports from Turkey), as well as an increase in energy prices or increase in risks caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, might result in an increase in the current account deficit, including due to the possible 
impact on Turkey’s foreign trade and tourism revenues. 
Turkey is an energy-dependent country and any geopolitical development concerning energy security could 
have a material impact on Turkey's current account balance. In 2018, Turkey’s current account deficit and 
energy imports were U.S. $27.0 billion and U.S. $38.6 billion, respectively.  In 2019 Turkey’s current account 
surplus and energy imports were U.S. $8.7 billion and U.S. $33.3 billion, respectively. In 2020, Turkey’s 12-
months rolling current account deficit and net energy imports were U.S. $35.0 billion and U.S. $24.2 billion, 
respectively. With the COVID-19 lockdowns, oil prices have decreased sharply in 2020 as transportation 
stopped suddenly. As of September 2021, Turkey’s 12-months rolling current account deficit and net energy 
imports were U.S. $18.4 billion and U.S. $31.8 billion, respectively, energy prices increased due to resumption 
of transport following the approval of a COVID-19 vaccine, oil prices recovered to the level even higher than 
pre-pandemic levels and Turkey’s current account balance may face more adverse impacts in future. If 
geopolitical tensions escalate in the Middle East and lead to further concerns around global energy supply, such 
as any events prejudicing the oil trade in the Strait of Hormuz or any country which is a major global oil supplier 
(such as Saudi Arabia) or any prospective sanctions imposed by the United States and/or the EU on Iran; oil 
prices may increase and this may entail a higher current account deficit for Turkey. A higher current account 
deficit may have an adverse effect on the overall performance of the Turkish economy and thus may have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The current account deficit still remains a significant concern for policy makers and may be subject to further 
intervention. Should the Central Bank adopt any additional measures to limit any increase in the current account 
deficit, such measures would likely reduce economic growth and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. However, given Turkey’s savings and 
investments structure, it is not possible for Turkey to achieve its targeted growth figures without current account 
imbalances. Should the current account deficit widen persistently, this may lead to a sudden adjustment in the 
Turkish Lira with inflationary consequences, similar to the depreciation in the value of Turkish Lira against 
foreign currencies and the subsequent rise in inflation in the second half of 2018. 
The value of the Turkish Lira fluctuates against other currencies 
Macroeconomic uncertainties may result in volatility in the value of the Turkish Lira, which could in turn 
adversely impact the Bank’s capital adequacy and, if there is any downturn in the global financial markets, this 
could have an adverse effect on Turkey’s debt servicing ability.  In particular, the value of the Turkish Lira 
depreciated against major currencies in the recent years largely due to the increased risk perception in global 
markets regarding Turkey, the market’s expectation of the U.S. Federal Reserve’s increase of the U.S. federal 
funds rate and the uncertainty resulting from the general elections in Turkey and other political events. See “—
Political developments in Turkey may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.”   
As of 1 December 2021, volatility in exchange rate continues and the Turkish Lira reached TL 13.880 per U.S. 
dollar, implying a 56% depreciation since the end of September 2021. On the same day, CBRT directly 
intervened in the market via selling transactions and started to conduct transactions at Borsa Istanbul Derivates 
Market (VIOP) due to unhealthy price formations in exchange rates. The bank may choose to intervene again 
in the future to support local currency. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Exchange Rates” for details on 
recent trends in the Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar. 
In the past, the Central Bank has used interest rate adjustments to address fluctuations in the Turkish Lira.  Since 
2019, interest rates have been adjusted on a number of occasions in response to macroeconomic pressures related 
to the COVID-19 pandemic and global financial conditions, including inflation expectations. The Central Bank 
increased the policy rate gradually to 19.0% from September 2020 to March 2021, but after raising interests in 
March 2021, Governor Naci Ağbal was dismissed and Prof. Dr. Şahap Kavcıoğlu was appointed. After the 
change in leadership at the Central Bank, Turkey’s domestic economic outlook fluctuated and the Turkish Lira 
depreciated. The Central Bank maintained high interest rates before starting to ease them, cutting interest rates 
citing the limited influence of monetary policy on the temporary supply-side factors of inflation, mainly

--- Page 32 ---
18 
 
 
focusing on core inflation rather than the headline inflation that the Central Bank believes is currently behind 
rising prices in Turkey. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Interest Rates” for details on recent trends in 
the interest rates set by the Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve as well as recent events at the Central 
Bank.  
The currency remains volatile and the Turkish Lira may depreciate against the U.S. dollar, which may adversely 
affect the financial condition of the clients of the Group, their ability to service debts owed to the Group, the 
Group’s ability to service its foreign currency denominated liabilities (including any liabilities under the Notes) 
and/or Turkey as a whole. Any significant further depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or 
other major currencies may as a result have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
For a discussion of risks related to current account imbalances and the impact of the Central Bank’s intervention, 
see “—Turkey’s economy is subject to inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit”. 
Turkey’s economy may be impacted by adverse events in other emerging markets 
Emerging markets such as Turkey are subject to a greater risk of being perceived negatively by investors based 
upon external events (for example, volatility in the emerging markets, monetary policies in the United States 
and the Eurozone, continued violence in Syria and Iraq or a slowdown in China’s growth) than more-developed 
markets are, and financial turmoil in any emerging market (or global markets generally) could have a 
“contagion” effect and disrupt the business environment in Turkey.  Moreover, financial turmoil in one or more 
emerging markets tends to adversely affect stock prices and the prices for debt securities in all emerging market 
countries as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and economically 
developed.  An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen 
capital flows to Turkey and adversely affect the Turkish economy.  As a result, investors’ interest in the Notes 
(and thus their price) may be subject to fluctuations that may not necessarily be related to economic conditions 
in Turkey or the financial performance of the Group. 
While the impact of the global financial crisis of 2008 on Turkey was relatively limited, Turkey has been 
adversely affected by such contagion effects on a number of occasions in the past, including following the 
financial crises in 1994 and 2000 to 2001. Similar developments can be expected to affect the Turkish economy 
in the future, which might, in turn, have an adverse impact on the prices of obligations of Turkish capital markets 
issuances, including the Notes. 
Turkey’s economy has been undergoing a significant transformation and remains subject to ongoing 
structural and macroeconomic risks 
Since the mid-1980s the Turkish economy has moved from a highly protected state-directed system to a 
market-oriented free enterprise system.  Reforms have, among other things, largely removed price controls and 
reduced subsidies, reduced the role of the public sector in the economy, emphasised growth in the industrial and 
service sectors, liberalised foreign trade, reduced tariffs, promoted export growth, eased capital transfer and 
exchange controls, encouraged foreign investment, strengthened the independence of the Central Bank, led to 
full convertibility of the Turkish Lira by accepting Article VIII of the International Monetary Fund’s (the 
“IMF”) Articles of Agreement and overhauled the tax system. 
However, the Turkish economy has also experienced a succession of financial crises and severe macroeconomic 
imbalances.  These include substantial budget deficits, significant current account deficits, high rates of inflation 
and high real rates of interest.  These factors have resulted in a substantial depreciation of the Turkish Lira 
against major foreign currencies, particularly between 1994 and 2001.  As of 30 June 2021, general government 
nominal debt to GDP ratio was 38.4%. This ratio has remained relatively stable and was, 30.2%, 32.5% and 
39.7% as of, 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively. 
In 2001, Turkey implemented a macroeconomic programme, backed by a U.S.$19.0 billion stand-by agreement 
with the IMF.  The Government signed a further three year stand-by agreement with the IMF in 2005.  After 
having successfully completed the two stand-by arrangements with the IMF, Turkey paid the last instalment to 
the IMF in May 2013 and is currently not liable for further payments.  Although there were negotiations on the 
conditions of a new stand-by agreement between Turkey and the IMF in 2009, these negotiations were

--- Page 33 ---
19 
 
 
unsuccessful and the Government has refrained from signing a new agreement with the IMF, citing 
disagreement over issues such as funding for local government. 
In March 2019, the United States announced that imports from Turkey and India would no longer be eligible 
for tariff relief under the “Generalized System of Preferences” programme, which programme seeks to promote 
economic growth in countries identified as developing countries. In Turkey’s case, the United States cited 
Turkey’s rapid economic development since its entry into the programme and that it thus no longer qualified to 
benefit from these tariff preferences. Regulatory changes such as these reflect increasing challenges faced by 
some exporters, which might have a material adverse effect on Turkey’s economy and/or the financial condition 
or one or more industries within Turkey. 
Furthermore, Turkey may not be able to remain economically stable during any periods of renewed global 
economic weakness due to its reliance on external demand and external financing. In 2018, primarily due to the 
contribution of external demand, GDP grew by 2.9%. Although there were contractions in the first two quarters 
in 2019, economic activity accelerated in the last quarter of 2019 and GDP grew by 0.9% in 2019. The global 
COVID-19 pandemic resulted in lockdowns all around the world and economic activity halted in the second 
quarter of 2020. Domestic demand together with the foreign demand reduced sharply driven by such lockdowns 
and the supply-side was also affected negatively. Both exports and imports decreased in the second quarter 
whereas imports increased more than exports in the third quarter. This led to an increase in the current account 
deficit which means a higher debt burden for the Turkish economy. Future negative developments in the Turkish 
economy and failure to achieve growth targets could impair the Bank’s business strategies and have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 On September 2020, the Turkish Treasury and Finance Minister announced the Government’s Medium Term 
Program, renamed the New Economic Program (“NEP”) for the 2021 to 2023 period. The New Economic 
Programme set the GDP growth estimates as 0.3% for 2020, 5.8% for 2021 and 5.0% for each of 2022 and 
2023. Further, it has estimated the inflation rate as 10.5%, 8.0%, 6.0% and 4.9% for 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, 
respectively. There can be no assurance that these targets will be reached, that the Turkish government will 
continue to implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies successfully or that the economic 
growth achieved in recent years will continue considering external and internal circumstances, including the 
Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary policy while maintaining a lower funding rate, 
the current account deficit and macroeconomic and political factors, such as changes in oil prices and uncertainty 
related with conflicts in Iraq and Syria (see “—Conflict and uncertainty within Turkey or in neighbouring and 
nearby countries may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects”) and the political developments in Turkey, including the uncertainty resulting from 
the structural changes to implement the new constitutional presidential system entered into force with the snap 
general and presidential elections held on 24 June 2018. (See “—Political developments in Turkey may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”). 
Any of these developments might cause Turkey’s economy to experience macro-economic imbalances, which 
might impair the Group’s business strategies and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. See “—Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking 
Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods 
may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking 
sector”. 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which might result in a 
negative impact on the Turkish economy. 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in 
particular the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, hotels and other real estate 
related projects and various energy-related projects (including renewables and non-renewables). For example, 
significant growth in the number of hotels is projected to occur over the coming years in anticipation of a 
continuing growth in international tourism, which might or might not in fact occur in light of geopolitical, 
economic or other factors. Any such overdevelopment might lead to a rapid decline in prices of these and other 
properties, or to the failure of some of these projects. Even if these events do not occur, the pace of development 
of such projects might decline in coming years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, 
which might negatively affect the growth of the Turkish economy. Should any of these events occur, then this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 34 ---
20 
 
 
Turkey’s economy may be impacted by uncertainty in the EU 
The EU is Turkey’s principal export market.  If the EU economies suffer any growth setback or if other factors 
have an adverse impact on Turkey’s exports to EU, the country’s growth performance would suffer, exposing 
the Bank and its customers to macroeconomic and operational risks. 
The United Kingdom (the “UK”) departed the EU on 31 January 2020, in accordance with a revised withdrawal 
agreement agreed upon by the EU and the UK in October 2019 (“Brexit”).  The transition period for negotiating 
the future relationship between the UK and EU began on February 1, 2020 and a trade deal was signed on 
December 24, 2020. As of September 2021, the UK is the second largest market for Turkish exports and 
Turkey’s sixth largest trade partner in terms of the export and import of goods. For the duration of the UK’s 
membership in the EU until October 31, 2019, the institutional and legal framework of the trade and economic 
relationship between Turkey and the UK government was the Customs Union between Turkey and the EU. On 
December 29, 2020, Turkey and the UK signed a Free Trade Agreement, which took effect on January 1, 2021. 
The agreement between the UK and the EU and the Free Trade Agreement between Turkey and the UK are 
relatively new.  Any potential problematic provisions or their potential uncertain interpretation could adversely 
and significantly affect trade between Turkey and the UK and even European or worldwide economic or market 
conditions, exposing the Bank and its customers to macroeconomic and operational risks. 
Turkey’s economy may be impacted by disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruptions in economic and commercial activities in Turkey. The spread 
of the virus and measures taken to minimize its spread have resulted in volatility in gross domestic product, 
unemployment rates, foreign trade balances and housing prices, and may otherwise impact the Turkish 
economy. As of 30 September 2021, the Group has reflected, insofar as it sees appropriate in the light of 
available information and developments, the possible effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on the economy. The 
Group has revised its macroeconomic expectations by taking the change in probability of default and loss given 
default into consideration.  However, the continued impact of the outbreak and the emergence of novel variants 
of the COVID-19 virus is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 Impacts to the Turkish economy and banking sector may be significant, which in turn may materially and 
adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations in the following ways, 
among others: 
• 
reductions in business and consumer activity and financial transactions, which might lead to a reduction 
in demand for loans and/or the Group’s banking services that generate fee and commissions income; 
• 
the quality of the Group’s loans and other assets (and the value of collateral securing the same) might 
deteriorate, particularly in those sectors (such as automobiles, textiles, services, real estate and tourism) 
or those segments (such as the Group’s Commercial and SME segment) that are most dramatically 
impacted, which might lead, inter alia, to increases in provisions, NPLs and/or reductions in customer 
payments (e.g., loans under credit cards); 
• 
regulatory measures aimed to ease the impact of COVID-19 might result in financial calculations that 
are not comparable to those of previous and later periods and/or alter the decision-making process of 
the Group and/or make it more difficult for investors to assess financial results on a comparative basis; 
• 
sources of liquidity available to Turkish borrowers (including the Group) might be reduced and/or more 
expensive, including if sentiments in capital markets further deteriorate or international investors reduce 
their exposure to Turkey; 
• 
continued depreciation of the Turkish Lira could affect Turkey’s current account deficit and/or the 
ability of Turkish borrowers to repay obligations denominated in (or linked to) foreign currencies, which 
could impact not only the Group’s own loan portfolio but also Turkey’s economy generally, including 
by way of increased unemployment; and/or 
• 
some of the Group’s operations might be adversely impacted, such as due to illness among staff or the 
need to close or limit customer access to branches.

--- Page 35 ---
21 
 
 
Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry 
The Turkish banking system is subject to systemic risks 
The Turkish financial sector has gone through major changes as a result of the financial liberalisation 
programme that started in the early 1980s.  The abolition of directed credit policies, the liberalisation of deposit 
and credit interest rates and liberal exchange rate policies, as well as the adoption of international banking 
regulations have accelerated the structural transformation of the Turkish banking sector.  Since the 1980s, the 
Turkish banking sector has experienced a significant expansion and development in the number of banks, 
employment in the sector, diversification of services and technological infrastructure.  The significant volatility 
of the Turkish Lira and foreign exchange markets experienced in 1994, 1998 and in 2001, combined with the 
short foreign exchange positions held by many Turkish banks at those times, affected the profitability and 
liquidity of certain Turkish banks.  In 2001, this resulted in the collapse of several banks. 
Following this crisis, the Government made structural changes to the Turkish banking system to strengthen the 
private (i.e. non-governmental) banking sector and to allow it to compete more effectively against the 
state-controlled banks (Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”), Türkiye Vakiflar Bankası T.A.O. 
(“Vakıfbank”) and T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”)). In 2017, the state shares in Ziraat and Halkbank were 
transferred to the Turkish Sovereign Wealth Fund (Türkiye Varlık Fonu) (the “TWF”). However, there has been 
no change in the legal status of any of the banks transferred to the TWF, and the TWF is expected to be managed 
by the Turkey Wealth Fund Management Joint Stock Corporation (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.), the sole 
shareholder of which is the Privatization Administration (Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı) of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of the Republic of Turkey. Notwithstanding these changes, the Turkish banking sector 
remains subject to volatility. 
If the general macroeconomic conditions in Turkey and the Turkish banking sector in particular were to suffer 
another crisis, this could result in further bank failures, reduced liquidity and weaker public confidence in the 
Turkish banking system.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” in this Base Prospectus for a further discussion 
of the Turkish banking regulatory environment. 
Increased competition in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The level of competition in the Turkish banking sector has remained intense in the past several years as a result 
of the increased presence of public banks in the private sector and foreign bank interest in Turkey. According 
to the BRSA, as of 30 September 2021, the top seven banking groups in Turkey (including the Bank), three of 
which are state-controlled, held in aggregate, approximately 76.8% of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan 
portfolio, approximately 75.9% of total banking assets in Turkey and approximately 83.0% of total deposits in 
Turkey. Loan growth in the banking sector in Turkey was 14% over the year ended 31 December 2018, 10% 
over the year ended 31 December 2019, 33% over the year ended 31 December 2020 and 12% over the nine 
months ended 30 September 2021, while deposit growth was , 19%, 22%, 33% and 18%, respectively, according 
to BRSA weekly data. 
In addition to private banks, the Bank also faces competition from state-owned financial institutions, such as 
Halkbank, Vakıfbank and Ziraat.  These government-owned financial institutions historically focused on 
government and government-related projects but are increasingly focusing on the private sector (including retail 
and SMEs), thereby increasing competition and pressure on margins.  In particular, such government-owned 
institutions may have access to payroll accounts of state employees, low cost deposits (on which such 
institutions pay low or no interest) through State Economic Enterprises owned or administered by the 
Government, which could result in a lower cost of funds that cannot be duplicated by private banks.  Such 
actions by government-owned financial institutions, in addition to ongoing competitive pressures from private 
financial institutions, have caused net interest margins to decline across the Turkish banking market. 
During recent years, foreign banks have shown an increased interest in the banking sector in Turkey. Foreign 
banks such as BNP Paribas, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, 
Burgan Bank, ING, Qatar National Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar and Emirates NBD have acquired interests 
in Turkish banks.  In addition, various banks, such as Odeabank and Bank of China, have also established their 
own franchises. The Bank believes that further entries into the Turkish banking sector by foreign competitors, 
either directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish banks, could further increase competition in the market.  
In addition to direct investment, foreign banks are expanding their business presences in Turkey, further

--- Page 36 ---
22 
 
 
increasing competitive pressures. For example the acquisition of Denizbank by Emirates NBD was completed 
in July 2019 and Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. announced the acquisition of a majority share in Garanti 
Bank, estimated to close in the first quarter of the year 2022. There can be no assurance that further competitive 
pressures will not result in continued margin compression, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not 
be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector 
The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to other applicable regulations might have a 
material adverse affect on the Group’s profitability, especially as competition or regulation limit the ability of 
the Bank to control interest rates or loan rates. 
For example, the Central Bank has adjusted reserve requirements for various banking products for different 
purposes, including to both support and limit credit growth and as a result of foreign currency fluctuations.  
Further revisions to such reserve requirements, particularly any increased requirements, could have a negative 
impact on the profitability of the banking sector (including the Group), especially if competition or other factors 
limit banks’ ability to increase loan pricing or loan growth (see also “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Liquidity Reserve Requirement” for a summary of the current reserve requirements). 
In addition, the Equity Regulation and the 2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation, which regulate, among other 
things, stress testing for liquidity and the calculation of internal capital adequacy, have been subject to frequent 
amendment in recent years in order to, among other aims, accomplish BRSA’s target of promulgating Basel III 
(as defined below in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Basel III”) requirements by April 2014 (see also “—
The Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in the past and 
may in the future change rapidly”), introduce changes to BRSA’s authority to write off Tier 1 and Tier 2 debt 
instruments and change the items included in equity calculation, introduce changes to the calculation of risk-
weighted assets and the risk-weighing of mortgages. If further amendments prove adverse to the Group they 
could have a material impact on its profitability and results. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) 
generally took effect as of 1 March 2020, with some of its provisions to take effect as of 1 April 2020. The New 
Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates (as defined in “The Turkish Regulatory Environment” below) 
abolished and replaced the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest. The Communiqué on Commercial 
Customer Fees caps the POS commission rates that banks apply to purchases of goods and services by adding 
0.45 basis points to the monthly reference rate announced by the Central Bank, if the amounts from such 
purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction. The 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets forth standardized fees and caps for commercial 
customers. Accordingly, credit allocation fees are not to exceed 0.25% of the total credit limit allocated and 
credit utilisation fees are not to exceed 1.10% of the total credit utilised. Banks will not be able to charge any 
account maintenance fees for commercial customers. A cap on money transfer fees has been introduced, which 
varies in accordance with the amount of the transaction. In addition, caps have been introduced on credit card 
cash withdrawals. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS 
Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. Such 
changes are likely to impact the Group’s net fees and commission income. 
Since 31 October 2020, the Central Bank calculates the credit card interest caps based on monthly reference 
rates.  Separate rates are calculated for individual credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions (55 bps 
above the monthly reference rate), foreign exchange (“FX”) transactions (80% of the montly cap for Turkish 
Lira transactions) and default interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions and FX transactions (each 30 bps above 
the applicable monthly cap).  The monthly caps are calculated and published on the Central Bank’s website 
each month.  See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates and POS Commission 
Rates”.  
Still other regulations limit the expansion of individual loans (especially credit card instalments) and set the fees 
and commissions that banks may charge customers and limits their levels. BRSA approval is required for any 
Turkish bank to charge any fees and commissions other than as cited in the regulation.

--- Page 37 ---
23 
 
 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations” for details on these 
amendments and other regulations impacting the Group.   
Determinations by regulators or courts of non-compliance with regulation has resulted in and may in the future 
result in the Group paying fines as well as other repercussions. For example, in 2013, an administrative fine of 
TL 149,961,870 was imposed on the Bank due a Competition Law infringment. A reduced fine of TL 
112,471,402.50 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for the cancellation of the fine. 
The legal process is ongoing. In 2011, an administrative fine of TL 14,211,048 was imposed on the Bank due 
to a Competition Law infringment. A fine of TL 10,658,286 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed 
by the Bank for the cancellation of the fine. The legal process by the Council of State has ended against the 
Bank. In 2016, an administrative fine of TL 116,254,138 was imposed on Bank due to a Consumer Protection 
Law infringment. A fine of TL 87,190,603 was paid as legal remission and a lawsuit was filed by the Bank for 
the cancellation of the fine. The legal process is ongoing. A tax penalty of TL 129 million was imposed on the 
Bank for the years 2008-2010, which the Bank settled with the tax authority by paying TL 25.8 million and a 
delay penalty. In 2020, an administrative fine of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank due to infringment 
of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 5684 and other relevant legislations provisions. A TL 140,328,637.50 
fine was paid as legal remission. 
The Group’s profitability may be materially and negatively affected in the short term and possibly in the long 
term as a result of a number of such regulatory factors that are generally impacting the Turkish banking sector.  
If the pressure on net reversals on loans, investment securities and credit related commitments continues, this 
may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial condition and results of operations as well as the 
Bank’s ability to make payments under the Notes.  Such factors include increased competition, particularly as 
it impacts net interest margins (see “—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—Increased competition 
in the Turkish banking sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group”) and the Central Bank and 
BRSA regulatory actions that seek to limit the growth of Turkish banks through various conventional and 
unconventional policy measures, including increased interest rates, increased reserve requirements, increased 
general provisioning requirements, changes in the foreign exchange legislation and higher risk weighting for 
general purpose loans. 
The Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in the past 
and may in the future change rapidly 
The Group is subject to a number of banking and other regulations designed to maintain the safety and financial 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations, and limit their exposure to 
risk. These regulations include the implementation of international standards (particularly in regards to Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision requirements) as well as Turkish laws and regulations (and in particular 
those of the BRSA and the Central Bank), as well as laws and regulations of certain other countries where the 
Group operates.  Banking laws and regulations in Turkey and the manner in which those laws and regulations 
are applied to the operations of financial institutions are still evolving.  New regulations may be implemented 
rapidly, without substantial consultation with the industry, which may not allow sufficient time for the Group 
to adjust its strategy to deal with such changes.  New regulations may increase the Group’s cost of doing 
business or limit its activities.  Turkish banking regulations may rapidly change in response to the current 
economic environment. In 2015 and 2016, the BRSA implemented numerous measures as part of its efforts of 
implementing Basel III which have come into force in recent years. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Basel III”. As of the date of this prospectus, the only regulatory forbearance on capital ratios is taking account 
252 days average exchange rate for the calculation of foreign currency denominated risk weighted assets. 
Therefore, the Bank follows the ratios excluding this forbearance as it will be detailed through the document. 
The BRSA from time to time promulgates new regulations and guidelines as part of its attempt to adjust the 
Turkish banking system to Basel requirements.  See “—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish 
banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and 
other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”. 
In the future, new laws or regulations might be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that could increase 
the Group’s cost of compliance and have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash 
flows and/or results of operations.  In addition, a breach of regulatory guidelines could expose it to potential 
liabilities or sanctions.  Changes in these regulations may have a material effect on the Group’s business and

--- Page 38 ---
24 
 
 
operations.  Moreover, any failure to adopt adequate responses to such changes in the regulatory framework 
may have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. 
The Group is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Bank and its subsidiaries require licences by the relevant 
authorities in each jurisdiction in which they operate.  A large majority of the Group’s business depends on the 
Bank’s Turkish banking licence from the BRSA.  If the Bank loses its general banking licence, then it will be 
unable to perform any banking operations in Turkey.  Although the Bank believes that it and its subsidiaries 
have the necessary licences for their banking and other operations and that each of the Bank and its subsidiaries 
are currently in compliance with their existing material licences and reporting obligations, there is no assurance 
that they will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future.  The loss of a licence, a breach of the 
terms of any licence or the failure to obtain any further required licences in the future could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s financial condition and/or results of operations.  Further description of the 
applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Audit of Banks” and 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment—Cancellation of Banking Licence” in the Base Prospectus. 
The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering and terrorist financing 
The Group has implemented internal measures aimed at preventing it from being used as a conduit for money 
laundering (including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing.  However, such measures, procedures and 
compliance may not be completely effective.  If the Group is associated with money laundering (including 
illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing, the Bank could suffer serious damage to its reputation, including 
among its network of correspondent banks in foreign countries, which could affect its ability to maintain existing 
relationships, attract new business and provide services to its customers.  The Group could also become subject 
to fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement (including being added to any “blacklists” that would prohibit 
certain parties from engaging in transactions with the Group), which could materially adversely affect the 
Bank’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  
  
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Optional Redemption – If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period when the Bank 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This may similarly be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Bank may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Change of interest basis – If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed

--- Page 39 ---
25 
 
 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of 
an investment in relevant Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as “Green”, “Social” and “Sustainable” 
Notes, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not meet investor 
expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche may provide that the net proceeds of the issuance 
of the Notes (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the financing and/or refinancing of a 
portfolio of loans (the “Eligible Loan Portfolio”) consisting of: (i) with respect to a “Green” financial 
instrument, certain eligible green loans (“Eligible Green Loans”), (ii) with respect to a “Social” financial 
instrument, certain eligible social loans (“Eligible Social Loans”) and (iii) with respect to a “Sustainable” 
financial instrument, Eligible Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans (“Eligible Sustainable Loans”), each 
in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework (the “Sustainable Finance Framework”), as 
further described in “Use of Proceeds” or the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may request, on an annual 
basis, starting one year after the issuance of any such Notes and until full allocation, a limited assurance report 
of the allocation of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to the Eligible Loan Portfolio, provided by a 
qualified external party. A prospective investor in any such Notes should have regard to the information in “Use 
of Proceeds” and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
of such Notes and must determine for itself the relevance of such information (together with any other 
investigation that such investor deems necessary, including a review of the then-applicable Sustainable Finance 
Framework) for the purpose of any investment by such investor in such Notes. In addition, the Sustainable 
Finance Framework can be amended by the Issuer from time to time. In particular, no assurance is given by the 
Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any such financing and/or refinancing of the loans in the 
Eligible Loan Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or part, any present or future expectations of such investor 
or any of such investor’s requirements with respect to any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor and/or its investments are required to comply. 
There is no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market consensus as to what constitutes, 
a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or similarly labelled project or as to what attributes are required for a particular 
project to be so considered, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. The EU’s proposed regulation 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject 
to a phased implementation, may provide some definition for such topics within the EU. However, the full scope 
and applicability of the EU Taxonomy, as well as exactly when it will take effect, remains uncertain. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person) to any 
investor in such Notes that: (a) any financing and/or refinancing of the loans in the Eligible Loan Portfolio will 
meet all or any of such investor’s expectations regarding any “green”, “social”, “sustainability” or similarly 
labelled performance objectives or investment criteria, (b) any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any such financing and/or refinancing or (c) the Sustainable 
Finance Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that might 
or might not be made available in connection with the issuance of such Notes, including (in particular) to the 
extent addressing whether any financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio fulfils any 
environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
does not, nor shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
any Dealer or any other person to invest in any “green”, “social” or “sustainable” Tranche of Notes. Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors in 
any such Notes must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification, the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. The providers of such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications might not be subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“social”, “sustainability” or other similarly labelled securities exchange or market (or segment thereof), whether

--- Page 40 ---
26 
 
 
or not regulated, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply. In addition, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading might vary from one 
securities exchange or market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, any 
Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of such Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) and 
obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that any financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio will be completed within any specified period or at all or with respect to the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environmental goals, social goals, sustainability goals or similar goals) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event, or the withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Notes no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any securities exchange or market, or any such failure to apply the 
net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) for any financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the 
Eligible Loan Portfolio, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications and 
irrespective of the results or outcome or otherwise of any financing and/or refinancing of any loan in the Eligible 
Loan Portfolio, as well as the existence of any potential mismatch between the duration of the financing and/or 
refinancing of a loan in the Eligible Loan Portfolio and the term of such Notes will not: (i) constitute an event 
of default under such Notes; or (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including any right to accelerate such 
Notes) of an investor in respect of such Notes against the Issuer; or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any applicable 
optional redemption rights in respect of such Notes. 
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Notes no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any securities exchange or market, as above, might have a material adverse 
effect on the value of an investment in such Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including EURIBOR and TRYIBOR) are the 
subject of national and international  regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 
and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018 to the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 41 ---
27 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or TRYIBOR, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of EURIBOR or TRYIBOR are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of EURIBOR or TRYIBOR. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such reforms may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR 
or TRYIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; 
(ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or part) upon 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR or TRYIBOR). 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark discontinuation provisions 
under Condition 6.4 in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing 
EURIBOR or TRYIBOR. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, may adversely 
affect the return on and the market value of Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that in the case of certain Floating Rate Notes, the Conditions of the Notes provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a relevant benchmark including an inter-bank offered rate 
(such as EURIBOR or TRYIBOR) or the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) is discontinued or no 
longer published or another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions of the Notes) as applicable otherwise occurs.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes) on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), as applicable, and that such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, may be adjusted (if required) 
as a result of the replacement of the relevant benchmark with the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, and amendments could also be made to the Conditions of the 
Notes and/or the Agency Agreement without the consent or approval of holders of the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be. In the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally 
recommended or provided for and any Benchmark Amendments, and any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and related amendments, the relevant replacement and adjustment 
(if any) and any such amendments shall be determined by (i) the Issuer following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) or (ii) in the case of SOFR, by the Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonably manner. Any Adjustment Spread or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (each as defined in 
the Conditions of the Notes) that is applied may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to 
investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment

--- Page 42 ---
28 
 
 
Spread) or SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including with the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant benchmark were to continue 
to apply in its current form. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser and the potential for further regulatory development, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of and return 
on any such Notes. Any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes and could also have a material 
adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR (“SOFR-Linked Notes”), interest will be 
determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes). Compounded 
Daily SOFR differs from interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR, in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SOFR is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free or 
secured overnight rate, whereas an interbank offered rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that there 
may be a material difference in the behaviour of interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR, and 
overnight rates, such as SOFR, as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The use of SOFR as a 
reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
debt securities referencing SOFR. 
The FRBNY publishes certain historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical 
indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SOFR 
as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. For example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market 
rates (see “Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes—SOFR may be more volatile than other 
benchmarks or market rates” below). Accordingly, SOFR over the term of any SOFR-Linked Notes may bear 
little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption 
as an alternative to interbank offered rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. For example, in the context of 
backwards-looking SOFR rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, currently exploring forward-looking ‘term’ SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term). The adoption of SOFR may 
also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from U.S. dollar LIBOR or 
another reference rate to SOFR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions of the Notes in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded Daily SOFR is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions 
when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). The nascent 
development of Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as

--- Page 43 ---
29 
 
 
continued development of SOFR-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
SOFR-Linked Notes issued under the Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR as a reference rate in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR as a 
reference rate across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SOFR is a relatively new market reference rate, Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SOFR, such 
as the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of such debt securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if 
Compounded Daily SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR may be lower than those of debt securities referencing other 
reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR may not be able to sell such Notes at 
all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in such Notes. If the manner in which 
SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SOFR-Linked Notes 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the FRBNY, 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to 
U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the 
overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. 
Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with 
the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider 
SOFR a suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has 
been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), 
which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could 
adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded 
Daily SOFR and the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SOFR-Linked Notes  
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant SOFR Observation Period (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(C)) and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating 
Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on 
each Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes 
without changes to their information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating 
Rate Notes shall only be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable.

--- Page 44 ---
30 
 
 
SOFR may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes in Compounded 
SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value 
and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR may fluctuate more than 
floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the 
underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at times conducted operations 
in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a target range. 
There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the future, and the 
duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. The effect of any such operations, or of the 
cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to 
investors in SOFR-Linked Notes. 
The interest rate on SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily SOFR, which is relatively new 
in the marketplace and may be determined by reference to the SOFR Index, which is a relatively new market 
index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR is 
based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the 
SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of 
SOFR rates during such Interest Period. The SOFR Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding 
SOFR on a unit of investment over time. The value of the SOFR Index on a particular business day reflects the 
effect of compounding SOFR on such business day and allows the calculation of Compounded Daily SOFR 
averages over custom time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if 
the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during a Interest Period is negative, its contribution to the relevant 
compounded rate will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to such compounded rate used to calculate the 
interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR on the interest payment date 
for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedents exist for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the FRBNY only began 
publishing the SOFR Index very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SOFR set 
out in the Conditions and the use of the SOFR Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SOFR 
may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation 
method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any SOFR-Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes 
SOFR is published by the FRBNY as the administrator of SOFR based on data received from sources other than 
the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. The 
administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR, or discontinue SOFR, and it 
has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. The FRBNY (or any 
successor) as the administrator of SOFR may make methodological or other changes that could change the value 
of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable 
to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. In addition, the 
administrator of SOFR may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case 
a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SOFR-Linked Notes will apply, as further described 
in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). 
There can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on any SOFR-Linked Notes, 
which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any SOFR-
Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be payable on such

--- Page 45 ---
31 
 
 
Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of SOFR has no obligation to 
consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SOFR. In addition, the administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify or amend the published 
SOFR rate or other SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely affect the value and market price 
of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms  
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuer, 
and the Issuer has no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or 
the availability of the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given its relatively recent 
introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
where Index Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest 
payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is 
applicable and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend the 
published SOFR Index or other SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any 
Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or other SOFR 
data that the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined. 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors may need to open a bank account in the Specified 
Currency or payment may be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the currency in 
which payment is made may affect the value of the Notes or such payment to the relevant Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira denominated Notes, unless an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars as 
provided in Condition 7.10 is made, holders of such Notes may need to open and maintain a Turkish Lira 
denominated bank account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either in or 
outside of Turkey.  For so long as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such a 
bank account will be unable to transfer Turkish Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of any 
sale of, such Notes) from its account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to which any such payment is 
made. 
Under Condition 7.10, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds in respect of Turkish Lira denominated Notes 
from the Bank after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent will use reasonable 
efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter.  If it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with any 
Turkish Lira funds received, the relevant payments in respect of the Notes will be made in Turkish Lira. 
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira denominated Notes for 
the purposes of Condition 7.10 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise may (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of 
the applicable Notes, (b) a Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes 
in exchange rates or other market conditions and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the 
conversion of the amount paid by the Bank in Turkish Lira, Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in 
Turkish Lira. 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other person for any reduction in value to the 
holder of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being 
made in the Specified Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as 
a result of any foreign exchange rate spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of 
such payment into any currency other than the Specified Currency.  Such exchange, and any fees and 
commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified Currency may result in a Noteholder receiving 
an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have obtained had it received the payment in 
the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had been made in 
accordance with the relevant currency election.

--- Page 46 ---
32 
 
 
Potential price volatility – Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price 
volatility in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks Related to Renminbi denominated Notes  
Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”) may be issued under the Programme.  Renminbi Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are still significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC 
Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant 
reduction over the years by the PRC Government of control over trade transactions involving the import and 
export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions 
are known as current account items. Currently, participating banks in a number of jurisdictions (the “Applicable 
Jurisdictions”) have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account trade transactions in 
Renminbi.  However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and out of the PRC for the purposes of 
capital account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific 
approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case 
basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing gradually. 
Although from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by 
the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) in 2018, there is 
no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross border remittance 
of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC.  In the event that 
funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Bank to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Notes and the Bank’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  Currently, licensed banks in Singapore and Hong Kong 
may offer limited Renminbi denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and 
specified business customers.  The PBoC has Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms for participating 
banks in the Applicable Jurisdictions through settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the 
clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the "RMB 
Clearing Banks"), and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi 
trade transactions. 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC.  The 
relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions 
resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross border trade settlement.  The relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign 
exchange transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from 
outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no assurance

--- Page 47 ---
33 
 
 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes.  To the extent 
the Bank is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance 
that the Bank will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.  If Renminbi is not available 
in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the Bank can make 
payments in U.S. dollars (converted at the spot rate), if RMB Currency Events are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors.  
In August 2015, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the midpoint against the U.S. dollar to 
take into account market-maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint. This change, among others that 
may be implemented may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All 
payments of interest and principal will be made with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi unless otherwise 
specified.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign 
currencies, the value of investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), the Bank is unable, or it is 
impractical for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the Conditions of the Notes allow the Bank to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided in more detail in the Conditions 
of the Notes.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange rates 
in the marketplace.  If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of a holder’s investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will decline. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility.  The Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate.  
Consequently, the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in interest rates.  If a holder 
of Renminbi Notes tries to sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer that is less 
than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the CNY Settlement Centre(s).  All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are 
represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or 
(ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained 
in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than described in 
the Conditions of the Notes, the Bank cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in 
any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). This may 
affect the ability of the Bank to perform its obligations under the Renminbi Notes. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder's investment in the Renminbi

--- Page 48 ---
34 
 
 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to 
acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be subordinated to those of certain 
other creditors 
Under Turkish law, certain obligations of the Bank will rank in preference to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve and/or liquidity requirements required by law to be 
maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual depositors with the Bank to the extent of 
any amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund of Turkey 
(the “SDIF”), claims that the SDIF may have against the Bank and claims that the Central Bank may have 
against the Bank with respect to certain loans made by it to the Bank).  Any such preferential claims may reduce 
the amount recoverable by the Noteholders on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank and may 
result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its investment. 
The Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank.  Accordingly, any claims 
against the Bank under the Notes would be unsecured claims.  The ability of the Bank to pay such claims will 
depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength and ability to generate asset flows. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons – The Bank will have the right to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence 
of certain changes requiring it to pay withholding taxes in excess of current levels, if any, applicable to 
interest or other payments on the Notes 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds issued by Turkish legal entities outside of 
Turkey varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as specified under Decree No. 2009/14592 
dated 12 January 2009, which has been amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree 
No. 2011/1854 dated 26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax 
Decrees”). Pursuant to the Tax Decrees: (a) with respect to bonds with a maturity of less than one year, the 
withholding tax rate on interest is 7%, (b) with respect to bonds with a maturity of at least one and less than 
three years, the withholding tax rate on interest is 3%, and (c) with respect to bonds with a maturity of three 
years and more, the withholding tax rate on interest is 0%. Also, in the case of early redemption, the redemption 
date might be considered to be the maturity date and (if so) higher withholding tax rates might apply accordingly. 
The Bank will have the right to redeem the Notes at any time (including in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
prior to their maturity date if, upon the occurrence:  (i) of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9.1) or (ii) any change in the application or official 
interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes 
effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, 
on the next Interest Payment Date the Bank would be required:  (A) to pay additional amounts in respect of such 
Series of Notes as provided or referred to in Condition 9 on account of any Taxes (as defined in Condition 9.1) 
and (B) to make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the prevailing applicable rates on the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and such requirement cannot be 
avoided by the Bank taking reasonable measures available to it.  Upon such a redemption, investors in such 
Series of Notes might not be able to reinvest the amounts received at a rate that will provide the same rate of 
return as their investment in the Notes and, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption could take 
place on any relevant date during an Interest Period. 
This redemption feature is also likely to limit the market value of the Notes at any time when the Bank has the 
right to redeem them as provided above, as the market value at such time will generally not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may similarly be true in the period before such time when 
any relevant change in law or regulation is yet to become effective.

--- Page 49 ---
35 
 
 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and interests in Global Notes 
can only be held through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Although the Notes have been authorised by the CMB pursuant to Decree 32 regarding the Protection of the 
Value of the Turkish Currency and the Capital Markets Law and related legislation as debt securities to be 
offered outside of Turkey, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered under any applicable 
state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws, or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory 
authorities.  The offering of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made outside of the United States 
pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and from other securities laws.  
Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and other transfers of investments in the Notes may be subject to certain 
transfer restrictions.  Each investor is advised to consult its legal advisers in connection with any such reoffer, 
resale, pledge or other transfer. 
Further to the Communiqué on Debt Instruments, the Bank is required to notify the CRA within three Istanbul 
business days from the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), 
interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of the Notes and 
the country of issuance. 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (as applicable) for the accounts of their respective participants, the 
liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the Global Notes may be reduced to the extent that some 
investors are unwilling to invest in notes held in book-entry form in the name of a participant in DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable.  The ability to pledge interests in the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) may be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate.  In the event of the insolvency of DTC, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes 
are recorded, the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on 
the Notes may be impaired. 
Enforcement of Judgments - Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against the Bank or 
its management 
The Bank is a public joint stock company organised under the laws of Turkey.  Many of the Bank’s directors 
and executive officers are residents of Turkey and a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank and such 
persons are located in Turkey.  As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon the 
Bank or such persons outside Turkey, or to enforce judgments or arbitral awards obtained against such parties 
outside Turkey. 
Under the International Private and Procedure Law of the Republic of Turkey (Law No. 5718), a judgment of a 
court established in a country, other than the Republic of Turkey, may not be enforced in Turkish courts in 
certain circumstances.  Although Turkish courts have recognised enforceable judgments of English courts on 
the basis that there is de facto reciprocity between the United Kingdom and Turkey with respect to enforcement 
of judgments of their respective courts, there is no treaty between the United Kingdom and Turkey setting out 
the reciprocal enforcement of judgments expressly.  For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments 
and Service of Process”. 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law and the terms are specified with reference to that law 
as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  Similarly, the enforcement rights of the Noteholders against 
the Bank and its assets in Turkey assume the application of Turkish law as presently in effect.  Any possible 
judicial decision or change to English or Turkish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus may impact the Notes. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate that is effective on the 
date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with Turkish law. 
The Global Notes are held by or on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes will be represented by one or more Global Notes, except in certain limited circumstances described 
in the Global Notes that may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 50 ---
36 
 
 
Luxembourg (as defined previously in this Base Prospectus), or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC.  
Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form.  Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect 
participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it.  While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the 
relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Bank will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a beneficial interest in the Global 
Notes must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under 
the Notes.  The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive bearer Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in bearer form in respect of such holding (should such Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  As a result, such 
binding decisions made by majorities of Noteholders may be adverse to the interests of potential investors. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Further notes may be issued without the consent of the Noteholders 
The Bank may from time to time create and issue further notes without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, subject to terms and conditions which are the same as those of existing Notes, or the same 
except for the amount of the first new payment of interest.  Such new notes may be consolidated and form a 
single series with the existing Notes, provided, however, that such further notes may not be fungible with the 
original Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may adversely affect the value of the original Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
37 
 
 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act  
With respect to Notes issued after the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (such 
applicable date the “Grandfathering Date”), the Bank may, under certain circumstances, be required pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”) to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30% on all or a portion of payments of 
interest which are treated as “foreign passthru payments” made on or after the date that is two years after the 
date the term “foreign passthru payment” is defined in a regulation published in the U.S. Federal Register to an 
investor or any other non U.S. financial institution through which payment on the Notes is made that is not in 
compliance with FATCA.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the 
term “foreign passthru payments” have not been filed with the U.S. Federal Register.  If  the Bank issues further 
Notes after the Grandfathering Date in respect of an issue of Notes that was originally issued on or before the 
Grandfathering Date, payments on such further Notes may be subject to withholding under FATCA and, should 
the originally issued Notes and the further Notes be indistinguishable (as would likely be the case in such a 
“tap” issue), such payments on the originally issued Notes may also become subject to withholding under 
FATCA, unless such further Notes are issued pursuant to a “qualified reopening” for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The FATCA withholding tax may be triggered if: (i) the issuer is a foreign financial institution (an 
“FFI,” as defined in FATCA), (ii) the issuer, or any paying agent through which payments on the Notes are 
made, has agreed to provide the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or other applicable authority with 
certain information on its account holders (making the issuer or such paying agent a “Participating FFI,” as 
defined in FATCA) and (iii)(a) an investor does not provide information sufficient for the relevant Participating 
FFI that is making the payment to determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated 
as holding a “United States account” of such FFI, or (b) any FFI through or to which payments on the Notes are 
made is not a Participating FFI or otherwise exempt from FATCA withholding on payments it receives. 
The United States has concluded several intergovernmental agreements (“IGAs”) with other jurisdictions in 
respect of FATCA. On 29 July 2015, the governments of Turkey and the United States signed an Agreement to 
Improve International Tax Compliance Through Enhanced Exchange of Information (the “Turkish IGA”). 
Under the Turkish IGA, an entity classified as an FFI that is treated as resident in Turkey is expected to provide 
the Turkish tax authorities with certain information on U.S. holders of its securities. Information on U.S. holders 
will be automatically exchanged with the IRS.  The issuer is an FFI and provided it complies with the 
requirements of the Turkish IGA and the Turkish legislation implementing the Turkish IGA, it should not be 
subject to FATCA withholding on any payments it receives and it should not be required to withhold tax on any 
“foreign passthru payments” that it makes. Although the issuer may not be required to withhold FATCA taxes 
in respect of any foreign passthru payments it makes under the Turkish IGA, FATCA withholding may apply 
in respect of any payments made on the Notes by any paying agent.  
The application of FATCA to interest, principal or other amounts paid on or with respect to the Notes is not 
currently clear. If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments on the Notes as a result of a holder’s failure to comply with FATCA, none of the 
issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes, be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected. 
Risks related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may 
be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment

--- Page 52 ---
38 
 
 
requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group’s operating results, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory 
environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual 
or expected sale of a large number of Notes, as well as other factors, including the trading market for notes 
issued by or on behalf of the Republic of Turkey as a sovereign borrower.  In addition, in recent years the global 
financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations which, if repeated in the future, 
could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard to the Group’s results of operations or 
financial condition. 
Financial turmoil in emerging markets could cause the price of the Notes to suffer 
Turkey is considered by international investors to be an emerging market. In general, investing in the securities 
of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging markets, like Turkey, involves a higher degree of risk than 
investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United States, the countries of the EU or 
similar jurisdictions.  The market price of the Notes is influenced by economic and market conditions in Turkey 
and, to a varying degree, economic and market conditions in both emerging market countries and more 
developed economies.  Financial turmoil in emerging markets in the past have adversely affected market prices 
in the world’s securities markets for companies that operate in developing economies.  Even if the Turkish 
economy remains relatively stable, financial turmoil in these countries could materially adversely affect the 
market price of the Notes. 
Foreign exchange risks and exchange controls- If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the 
investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value 
of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to a devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
a revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in respect of the Notes.  
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  An investor 
may also not be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the Specified 
Currency into the Investor’s Currency, which could materially adversely affect the market value of the Notes.  
There may also be tax consequences for investors. 
Interest Rate Risk – The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes. Any ratings 
of the Bank or the Group may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Notes, the global financial

--- Page 53 ---
39 
 
 
market, the Turkish banking sector, other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section or any other risks. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Notes do not necessarily mean that they are a suitable investment.  A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.  The ratings do not address the marketability of the Notes or any market 
price. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA registered credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
40 
 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a public joint stock company under the Turkish Commercial Code. Substantially all of the assets 
of the Bank are located in Turkey. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process 
upon the Bank outside Turkey or to enforce against it in the courts of jurisdictions other than Turkey any 
judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions. In order to 
enforce such judgments in Turkey, investors should initiate enforcement lawsuits before the competent Turkish 
courts. In accordance with Articles 50 - 59 of Turkey’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law 
No. 5718), the courts of Turkey will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other 
than Turkey unless: 
(a) 
there is in effect a treaty between such country and Turkey providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
court judgments, 
(b) 
there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) 
there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of 
Turkish courts. 
There is no treaty between Turkey and the United Kingdom providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments. 
Turkish courts have rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between Turkey and 
England, and English law sets out certain criteria on satisfaction of which the courts of England and Wales may 
enforce foreign court judgments by way of summary proceedings, without substantive re-examination of the 
matters adjudicated upon; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case 
basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in England by Turkish courts. 
Moreover, there is uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in Turkey based upon 
non-Turkish securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Turkey will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other 
than Turkey if: 
(i) 
the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed, 
(ii) 
the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Turkey, 
(iii) 
the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Turkey between the same parties and relating 
to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue and 
enforceable in Turkey, 
(iv) 
the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(v) 
the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Turkey, 
(vi) 
the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process 
under the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(vii) 
the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a foreign currency would, in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate that is effective on the 
date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with Turkish law. 
Process may be served on the Bank at Beko plc located at Beko House, 1 Greenhill Crescent, Watford, WD18 
8QU, United Kingdom in relation to any proceedings in England in connection with any Notes issued under the 
Programme.

--- Page 55 ---
41 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
i. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 68 to 102 of the Base Prospectus dated 10 
December 2020, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_fd34fd08-5012-4dbb-ba54-ab4840733f55.PDF; 
ii. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 68 to 101 of the Base Prospectus dated 23 
December 2019, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_089bc7f5-fe16-472c-8fdf-b5832170a450.pdf; 
iii. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 73 to 103 of the Base Prospectus dated 4 
September 2018, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8a7c4f7b-0dfb-47d9-b7c7-0a70a2d76708.PDF; 
iv. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 65 to 94 of the Base Prospectus dated 29 
September 2017, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus%202017%2029.09.17_8209bb86-7609-
4ac7-a768-9b0bb46b50f8.PDF; 
v. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 61 to 90 of the Base Prospectus dated 
30 September 2016, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at:  
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_66f62162-98f6-4c5a-a80e-76ca11851cc5.pdf; 
vi. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 57 to 86 of the Base Prospectus dated 27 
November 2015, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6d8fdaaf-97d5-4c9d-ad98-34fac8f7745e.PDF; 
vii. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 54 to 83 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 
November 2014, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_726161ed-5061-45b9-8476-
4805154be3b8.PDF?v=17102015; 
viii. the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 65 to 97 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 
September 2013, which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_71dc8965-41c6-4da1-8db2-
07fdbf0fabbd.PDF?v=692015;

--- Page 56 ---
42 
 
 
ix. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the audit report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2020/31122020_consolidated_financials.pdf;  
x. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the audit report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2019/yk_consolidated_financials_31_december_2019.pdf;   
xi. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2018 and the audit report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikredi.com.tr/medium/file/31-december-2018-consolidated-financials_51323/download; 
 
xii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 (with 30 September 2020 comparatives 
for the statement of income) and the review report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s 
website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2021/30092021_consolidated_financials.pdf; 
xiii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA consolidated financial statements and related notes of 
the Group as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 (with 30 September 2019 comparatives 
for the statement of income) and the review report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s 
website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-consolidated-
financials/2020/30_september_2020_consolidated_financials.pdf; 
xiv. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the audit report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2020/31122020_unconsolidated_financials.pdf;  
xv. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the audit report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2019/yk_unconsolidated_financials_31_december_2019.pdf;  
xvi. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2018 and the audit report of PwC thereon, which are 
published on the Bank’s website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2018/yk_unconsolidated_financials_31_december_2018.pdf; 
xvii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 (with 30 September 2020 comparatives

--- Page 57 ---
43 
 
 
for the statement of income) and the review report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s 
website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/30092021_unconsolidated_financials.pdf; and 
xviii. the convenience translations into English of BRSA unconsolidated financial statements and related notes 
of the Bank as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 (with 30 September 2019 comparatives 
for the statement of income) and the review report of PwC thereon, which are published on the Bank’s 
website at: 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/brsa-unconsolidated-
financials/2020/30_september_2020_unconsolidated_financials.pdf; 
which shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of this Base Prospectus. No other part of the 
Issuer’s website forms a part of, or is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves 
incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable or of affecting the assessment of the Notes. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Due to mandatory regulatory requirements, the Bank rotated its auditors following completion of its annual 
audit as of and for the year ended 31 December 2016. Accordingly, the Bank appointed PwC as its independent 
auditor effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a term of three years. The Bank renewed PwC’s appointment as 
independent auditor for additional terms of one year each, effective 1 January 2020 and 1 January 2021. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2021 (with 
30 September 2020 comparatives) and as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2021 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been reviewed in accordance with the Standard on 
Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the 
Independent Auditor of the Entity”. See the English convenience translations of the relevant PwC reports 
incorporated by reference herein. With respect to the Interim BRSA Financial Statements, PwC has reported 
that it applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information; 
however, its report states that it did not audit and does not express an opinion on such interim financial 
information.

--- Page 58 ---
44 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP AND THE PROGRAMME 
Overview of the Bank 
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed 
information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the Financial Statements. Prospective 
investors should see “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain factors that should be considered in connection 
with an investment in the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Overview 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey. It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking Law 
and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to BRSA statistics, as of 30 September 2021, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Turkey 
by total assets and ranked third among private banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, 
letters of credit and acceptances) with a 16.7% market share among private banks and an 8.5% market share in 
the overall banking sector (compared with a market share of 8.1% as of 31 December 2020, 8.7% as of 31 
December 2019 and 9.2% as of 31 December 2018), and third among private banks in total deposits with 14.6% 
market share (compared with a market share of 14.2% as of 31 December 2020, 15.2% as of 31 December 2019 
and 10.0% as of 31 December 2018). As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had 826 branches covering all regions 
of Turkey (which includes one branch in Bahrain). It maintains market leading positions in key segments and 
products supported by its strong franchise, large network and leading brand. The Group is organised into three 
segments: (i) retail banking, (ii) corporate banking, and (iii) commercial and SME banking. The Bank’s service 
model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries. The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa 
Istanbul. 
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of alternative 
distribution channels (“ADCs”) including 4,551 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs with cash deposit 
functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Turkey with an 9.1% market share according to the Interbank 
Card Centre), award winning digital banking with 8.5 million customers as of 30 September 2021, a leading 
position in mobile banking with 8.1 million customers as of 30 September 2021, as well as three award-winning 
call centres, according to the Turkish Banking Association. See “—Distribution—Alternative Channels”. As of 
30 September 2021, the Group had 16,759 employees, of which 15,795 were employees of the Bank 
(representing 8.6% market share). This compares to 16,938, 17,466 and 18,448 employees as of 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively, of which 16,037, 16,631 and 17,577 were 
employees of the Bank. Internationally, the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, 
Azerbaijan, Malta and a branch in Bahrain. 
The Group had total assets of TL 591.2 billion (U.S.$ 66.8 billion) as of 30 September 2021, compared with TL 
486 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 411 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 373 billion as of 31 
December 2018.  
According to the consolidated Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of 30 September 2021, the Group had 
operating income1 of TL 20,356 million (U.S.$ 2,301 million), compared to TL 25,823 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, TL 21,135 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 and TL 19,921 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2018. As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s cost to income ratio was 35.3% and 
operating cost growth was 17% year-over-year. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s cost to 
income ratio was 33.4% and operating cost growth was 17% year-over-year. For the year ended 31 December 
2019, the Group’s cost to income ratio was 34.9% compared to 32.2% in 2018. As of 30 September 2021, the 
Group’s costs divided by average assets ratio were 1.8% versus 1.9% as of 31 December 2020. The Group’s 
fees divided by operating costs ratio reached 79% as of 30 September 2021. 
                                                     
1 Operating income is mainly P&L item. Sum of Net Interest Income, Fees & Commissions, Dividends, Trading and 
Other operating income

--- Page 59 ---
45 
 
 
The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a committed 
workforce, delivering responsible growth. A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class profitability, 
backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
 
The Group’s net profit was TL 6,932 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (excluding 
intangible assets) was 18.6% for the nine months ended 30 September 2021, compared with TL 5,079 million 
and 12% for the year ended 31 December 2020, TL 3,600 million and 9.8% for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and TL 4,668 million and 14.2% for the year ended 31 December 2018. The banking sector’s return on 
average tangible shareholders’ equity was 12.0%, 10.5%, 10.6% and 13.9% for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
respectively. As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s return on average assets ratio was at 1.7%, compared to 
1.1% as of 31 December 2020, 0.9% as of 31 December 2019 and 1.4% as of 31 December 2018. 
Organisation 
The Bank’s operations are carried out through three main segments: (1) retail banking, which includes the 
Bank’s card payment systems, individual banking, private banking and wealth management (2) commercial  
SME banking  (3) corporate banking. The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and international 
subsidiaries. 
Principal Shareholder 
The Bank’s controlling shareholder is the Koç Group, which as of 30 September 2021 holds a 49.97% stake. 
As of 30 September 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. holds a 20.00% stake. The remaining 30.03% of the Bank’s shares 
are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders. The Koç Group is one of Turkey’s largest conglomerates 
in terms of turnover and exports, with operations in the energy, automotive, consumer durables and finance 
sectors. UniCredit S.p.A., with roots dating back to 1473, is a simple, successful, pan-European, commercial 
bank with a unique Western, Central and Eastern European network in 14 core markets. 
In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced that Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç Holding”) 
will acquire an additional 18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from UniCredit S.p.A., with closing 
of the transaction expected in the first quarter of 2022, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing 
conditions (the “2022 Share Acquisition”).  Following the announced 2022 Share Acquisition, the Koç Group 
is expected to hold 67.97% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital, based on the Bank’s current outstanding 
share capital, and UniCredit S.p.A. is expected to no longer remain a significant shareholder in the Bank.  As a 
result of the 2022 Share Acquisition, the Koç Group is expected to surpass a 50% threshold defined in the 
CMB’s Communique on Takover Bids dated 23 January 2014 and numbered 28891 and, accordingly, the Koç 
Holding will conduct a mandatory tender offer after closing of the transaction, which may further increase the 
Koç Group’s stake in the Bank.  UniCredit S.p.A. has announced the sale on the market of its remaining shares 
in the Bank, comprising 2.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital. 
Key Competitive Advantages 
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages that enable it to 
compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including: 
• 
Leading market positions in key segments and products; 
• 
Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet; 
• 
Large network and leading brand; 
• 
Strong commitment to risk management; 
• 
Diversified, high quality revenue mix; and 
• 
Strong and committed significant shareholder.

--- Page 60 ---
46 
 
 
Strategy 
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its goal of becoming a 
leader in the finance sector. The Bank’s mission is to ensure long term sustainable growth and value creation 
for all stakeholders and to become the first choice for customers and employees. 
Principles 
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles: 
• 
healthy and consistent growth; 
• 
strong and sustainable profitability; and 
• 
superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction.

--- Page 61 ---
47 
 
 
THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identified (LEI): 
B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors, which are material for assessing 
the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme and 
risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk Factors" 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Bank plc 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Merrill Lynch International 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
or such other Dealers as may be appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer or appoint further dealers for a particular Series of Notes. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$11,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 62 ---
48 
 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the 
United States) public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated and payments in respect of the Notes may be 
made in euro, Renminbi, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Turkish Lira or 
any other currency as set out in the conditions and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, payment in respect of 
Notes denominated in Turkish Lira and may be made in 
U.S. dollars under Condition 7.10 if an irrevocable election to 
receive such payment in U.S. dollars is made. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Condition 7.10”. 
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be 
made in U.S. dollars if RMB Currency Events are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 7.9”.  
Maturities: 
The maturity of the Notes shall be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in accordance with such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable 
for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, on redemption, will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2000 ISDA Definitions, the 2006 ISDA Definitions  or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(“ISDA”), and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
49 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating 
Rate Notes, the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and 
following consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate together, in 
either case, with the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 6.4. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at the price or prices specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in any denominations save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will not be less than such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
or offered to the public in a member state of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be not less than 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”), imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, after such 
withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts that 
would have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence 
of the withholding or deduction. See “Taxation – Certain Turkish 
Tax Considerations” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 9”. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA, as 
provided in Condition 7.1 and, in accordance with Condition 9.1,

--- Page 64 ---
50 
 
 
no additional amount will be payable by the Issuer in respect of 
any such withholding or deduction. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4. 
Certain Covenants: 
The Issuer will agree to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates. 
Events of Default: 
The Notes will be subject to certain events of default, including 
(among 
others) 
non-payment, 
breach 
of 
obligations, 
cross-acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 11”. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ 
rights. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated B+ by Fitch and B2 by Moody’s. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme by the relevant 
rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on the Regulated Market, however, no assurance can be 
given that such application will be accepted. 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or 
Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes or the 
Agency Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, 
Turkey, Hong Kong, the PRC, Japan and Singapore, and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes; see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 65 ---
51 
 
 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S (Category 2) and Rule 144A (if applicable). Bearer 
Notes will be issued in compliance with rules identical to those 
provided 
in: 
(a) U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (“TEFRA 
D”) 
or 
(b) U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (“TEFRA C”) 
such that the Bearer Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under section 4701(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Such rules impose certain additional restrictions on 
transfers of Bearer Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
52 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and Registered Notes will be issued in “offshore 
transactions” to non-U.S. Persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and 
may be issued within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions that are 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary 
Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent 
Bearer Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”) 
which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) only to the extent that certification 
(in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note are not U.S. Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. Person, as required by 
U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain 
U.S. Persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any requirement for certification in the manner described above. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may 
also give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 67 ---
53 
 
 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all 
interest coupons relating to such Notes (where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms):  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, referred to above provide that 
United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, 
redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian law of December 
14, 2005. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S which will be sold in 
offshore transactions to persons other than U.S. Persons outside the United States will initially be represented 
by a global note in registered form (a “Regulation S Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, by a registered note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note”). Prior to expiry 
of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, 
Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S (including a Regulation S Global Note and 
Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes) or beneficial interests therein may not be offered or sold to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and such beneficial interests 
in a Regulation S Global Note may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and such Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the 
United States or to U.S. persons may only be offered and sold in private transactions to “qualified institutional 
buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”). The Registered Notes of each 
Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, 
together with a Regulation S Global Note, each a “Registered Global Note”). No sale of Legended Notes (as 
defined under “U.S. Information” above) in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount. 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary and registered in the 
name of a nominee of that common depositary, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. The 
Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.4) 
as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes on the relevant Record Date. None of the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. Payments 
of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as 
defined in Condition 7.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that 
Condition.

--- Page 68 ---
54 
 
 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
(ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it 
is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is 
available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative 
clearing system is available, (iii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (v) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur no later than ten days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an 
interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Fiscal Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes but is to be consolidated with such existing Tranche on a date after the Issue Date of 
the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where 
applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the further Tranche is so 
consolidated, which shall not be prior to the expiry of any applicable distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will 
become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following the applicable due date. At the same 
time holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a 
deed of covenant (such deed of covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 22 December 2021 and executed by the Issuer. In addition, holders of interests 
in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in 
registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating 
procedures. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 69 ---
55 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in 
effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer nor 
any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. Information in this section has been derived from the Clearing Systems. 
Book-Entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its 
participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct 
Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical 
movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National 
Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing 
agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC System is also available 
to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, 
together with Direct Participants, “Participants”). More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com 
and www.dtc.org but such information is not incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with 
respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial 
owners of DTC Notes (“Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, 
although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess 
Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which 
Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect Participant's 
records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial 
Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-
entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. 
or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual

--- Page 70 ---
56 
 
 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose 
accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will 
remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed 
by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time 
to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be 
redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may 
be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' accounts 
upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or such 
other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held 
for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, 
subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal 
and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is 
the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of 
Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”. 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct Participant 
to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. The requirement 
for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be 
deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC's 
records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor 
depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective accountholders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration,

--- Page 71 ---
57 
 
 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an 
electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with 
each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership of and Payments in Respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts 
with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC 
or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with 
respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of 
such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the 
currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into 
U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities 
held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility 
of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and 
interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who 
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed 
transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in 
the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one

--- Page 72 ---
58 
 
 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, 
will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the relevant Registered 
Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will 
generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for 
delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging 
for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the 
case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and 
DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free 
delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue 
to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the 
Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or their direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations nor will the Issue, any Agent or any Dealer have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented 
by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests.

--- Page 73 ---
59 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018][EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable” 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable” 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and if following the ICMA 
1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 74 ---
60 
 
 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
 [Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
Monetary Authoriy of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]”.]5 
 
[Date] 
YAPI VE KREDİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): B85ZYWEZ5IZCZ2WNIO12 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the Notes) 
under the U.S.$11,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 22 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
(the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information].6 [The Base Prospectus and Final Terms have been published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[10 December 2020]/[23 December 2019]/[4 September 2018]/[29 
September 2017]/[30 September 2016]/[27 November 2015]/[3 November 2014]/[20 September 2013]] [and 
the supplement to it dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 
2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2021 [and 
the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (the “Base Prospectus”), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[The 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
[the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)].] 
                                                     
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and if following the 
ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
5 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
6 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom nor offered 
in the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 75 ---
61 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/ the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/the next Coupon date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
USD Payment Election: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for Turkish Lira-denominated 
Notes) 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
7. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being used 
the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common

--- Page 76 ---
62 
 
 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/TRYIBOR] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR]] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [ ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [ ], 
paragraph [15/16] below applies, and, for the 
period from (and including) [ ] up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [15/16] 
below applies]/[Not Applicable][ ] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21] below) ] 
14. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated, unsecured 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 77 ---
63 
 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [ ] (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [ ] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the Stub Period, [ ] per Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] first interest period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, [ ] (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] final interest period 
from, and including, [ ] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (the “Stub Period”)] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
64 
 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Fiscal Agent): 
[ ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
● 
Reference Rate, Specified Time and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[[currency][EURIBOR/TRYIBOR] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR]. 
 
 
Specified Time: [[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(11.00 a.m. in the case of EURIBOR, and 
11.30 a.m. in the case of TRYIBOR. Where the 
Reference Rate is "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
only relevant if "Index Determination” is 
specified as being "Applicable") 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Brussels] 
[Istanbul][Not Applicable] 
(Where the Reference Rate is "Compounded 
Daily SOFR", "Relevant Financial Centre" will 
be "Not Applicable")  
 
● 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, the second Istanbul business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
TRYIBOR and the day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period 
ends (but which by its definition is excluded from 
the Interest Period), if Compounded Daily 
SOFR) 
 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back provisions 
appropriately) 
 
● 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[__] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]]/[Not Applicable]7 
(N.B. When setting the Observation Look-Back 
Period (p), the practicalities of this period 
                                                     
7 Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded Daily SOFR"

--- Page 79 ---
65 
 
 
should be discussed with the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
● 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]8 
 
● 
Interpolation for Stub Period: 
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
● 
Reference Rate 1: [[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR/TRYIBOR]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
● 
Relevant Screen Page 1: [ ]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
● 
Reference Rate 2: [[ ] month [ ] 
EURIBOR/TRYIBOR]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
● 
Relevant Screen Page 2: [ ]/[Not 
Applicable]  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
(If applicable, and if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions, which will require a 
drawdown prospectus to be prepared in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for 
the relevant issue.) 
 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000 
ISDA 
Definitions/2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] (If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (A Designated Maturity 
period is not relevant where the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
● 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
                                                     
8 Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded Daily SOFR"

--- Page 80 ---
66 
 
 
 
● 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
– 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
● 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
– 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(N.B. When setting the applicable number of 
days with reference to the items above (if 
applicable), the practicalities of such period 
should be discussed with the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
● 
Interpolation for Stub Period: 
[Applicable 
for 
the 
Stub 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable] (If a Designated Maturity period is 
not applicable to the applicable Floating Rate 
Option, select ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option 1: [ ]

--- Page 81 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
● 
Designated Maturity 1: [ ] 
 
 
● 
Reset Date 1: [ ] 
 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option 2: [ ] 
 
 
● 
Designated Maturity 2: [ ] 
 
 
● 
Reset Date 2: [ ] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for 
the 
[[long/short] 
[first/last] 
Interest 
Period]/[Stub Period] shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)]  
(Where the Reference Rate is "Compounded 
Daily SOFR" or in the case of ISDA 
Determination where a Designated Maturity 
period is not applicable to the applicable 
Floating Rate Option, select ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 82 ---
68 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition [8.2]: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: [ ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which

--- Page 83 ---
69 
 
 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 
100 per cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the 
Early Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as 
to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered 
(i) in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of December 14, 2005, or 
(ii) in the United States of America.] 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 8 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg

--- Page 84 ---
70 
 
 
exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes 
upon an Exchange Event] 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]  
 
 
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Note] 
 
 
(N.B. In the case of an issue with more than one 
Global Note or a combination of one or more 
Bearer Global Notes, specify the nominal 
amounts of each Global Note,  
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest to which paragraph 17(b) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
26. 
Relevant Benchmarks: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name][repeat as necessary].  
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within 
the 
scope 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
27. 
RMB Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate 
[[ ] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
 
(b) 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information,] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 85 ---
71 
 
 
Signed on behalf of YAPI VE KREDİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
By: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 86 ---
72 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been/will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [ ].] [Specify other regulated market] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single series with a previous 
issue, need to indicate that original Notes are already 
listed and admitted to trading) 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”) and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is established 
in the EEA and is not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the [EEA/UK] but the rating it has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the [EEA/UK] and 
registered under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)/Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the [EEA/UK] but is certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA

--- Page 87 ---
73 
 
 
Regulation”)/Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the [EEA/UK] and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”)/Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the [EEA/UK] and 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation/UK 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] [Not 
Applicable]  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
[CUSIP]: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]9, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
                                                     
9 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 88 ---
74 
 
 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(e) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]10, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than [DTC] Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]  
 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Category 2]; [Rule 144A] [Rules identical 
to those provided in TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable]  
 
(g)  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
(h)  
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
10 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 89 ---
75 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
(i)  [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)] 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[ ] / [The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes]. / 
[The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from the issue 
of the Notes (or an amount equal thereto) to finance or 
refinance 
[Eligible 
Green 
Loans]/[Eligible 
Social 
Loans]/[Eligible Green Loans and/or Eligible Social 
Loans] (as defined in the Issuer’s [Sustainable Finance 
Framework]) (the “Eligible Loan Portfolio”)] [Further 
details on the Eligible Loan Portfolio are included in the 
Issuer Sustainable Finance Framework, made available on 
the Issuer's website in the investor relations sections at [ ]] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ]

--- Page 90 ---
76 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final 
Terms” and “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. (the “Issuer”) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
dated 22 December 2021, (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the “Exchange Agent”, which 
expression shall, in each case, include any successor fiscal agent and exchange agent) and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents),The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch as transfer agent 
(together with the Registrar, as defined below, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor transfer agent) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as 
registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive bearer form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do 
not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”). References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or 
endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which (a) are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon, the date from which interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the Issue Price.

--- Page 91 ---
77 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such deed of covenant 
as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 22 
December 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the “Deed Poll”) dated 22 December 2021 and made by the Issuer and the Deed of Covenant 
(i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents 
(such agents the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Registrar being 
together referred to as the “Agents”) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior 
written request to any Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the specified 
office 
of 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent 
and 
will 
be 
published 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin’s 
website 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). If the Notes are neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered 
in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) or the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of 
such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets 
Law (Law No. 6362) of Turkey and related legislation. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
1.2 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing

--- Page 92 ---
78 
 
 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next two succeeding paragraphs. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a 
Registered Global Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
“Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder 
of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole 
owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the 
Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules 
and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global 
Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s 
nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender 
the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and 
(ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent 
and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such

--- Page 93 ---
79 
 
 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of 
the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws 
or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the 
transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount 
to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) being transferred. In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered 
or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the transferor. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer and/or Agent may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration and/or 
transfer. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any related Coupons are senior, direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) rank and will rank pari 
passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each, a “Security Interest”) upon, or with 
respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the 
creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any 
and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated; or 
(c) 
such other Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (which 
is defined in the Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by not less than three-quarters 
of the votes cast) of the Noteholders. 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security 
Interest upon, or with respect to, any present or future assets or revenues or any part thereof which is 
created pursuant to (i) a bond, note or similar instrument whereby the payment obligations are secured 
by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any such 
instrument, a “Covered Bond”), or (ii) any securitisation of receivables, asset-backed financing or 
similar financing structure (including, but not limited to, transactions under the Issuer’s diversified 
payment rights (“DPR”) securitisation programmes) (created in accordance with normal market 
practice) whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of 
such Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such assets or revenues (or in the case of 
Direct Recourse Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate 
value of assets or revenues subject to any Security Interest created in respect of (A) Covered Bonds and

--- Page 94 ---
80 
 
 
(B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse Securities) of the Issuer, when 
added to the nominal amount of any outstanding Direct Recourse Securities, does not, at any time, 
exceed 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as shown in the most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS). 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Direct Recourse Securities means securities issued in connection with any securitisation of receivables 
or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance 
with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or 
having the benefit of such Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such assets or 
revenues, or by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer; 
IFRS means the requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (formerly International 
Accounting Standards) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and 
interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee of the IASB 
(as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time); and 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, 
loan stock or other securities which are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market and having an original maturity 
at issue in excess of 365 days or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a borrower under a loan participation 
note or similar transaction and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall 
take all necessary actions to maintain, obtain and promptly renew, and do or cause to be done all things 
reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, permissions, licences, approvals and 
authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and filings, which may at any 
time be required to be obtained or made in the Republic of Turkey (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, with the Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”) and the 
Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Authority (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme 
Kurumu) (the “BRSA”)) for (i) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant, Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof, or (ii) the 
conduct by it of the Permitted Business, save for any consents, permissions, licences, approvals, 
authorisations, registrations, recordings and filings (collectively, “Permissions”) which are immaterial 
in the conduct by the Issuer of the Permitted Business. For the avoidance of doubt, any Permissions 
relating to the Issuer’s ability or capacity to undertake its banking or financial advisory functions shall 
not be deemed to be immaterial in the conduct by the Issuer of its Permitted Business.  
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its 
Subsidiaries to, in any 12 month period, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any of its properties, revenues or assets to, or purchase any properties, revenues or assets 
from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, 
advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each, 
an “Affiliate Transaction”) which Affiliate Transaction has (or, when taken together with any other 
Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess of 
USD 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction and each 
such other aggregate Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer 
or such Subsidiary with an unrelated Person.

--- Page 95 ---
81 
 
 
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than 120 days after the end of each financial year, English language copies of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared in 
accordance with IFRS consistently applied and BRSA accounting standards (“BRSAAS”), 
including comparative financial information for the preceding financial year, and such financial 
statements of the Issuer shall be accompanied by the reports of the auditors thereon; and  
(b) 
not later than 90 days after the end of the first six months of each of the Issuer’s financial years, 
English language copies of its unaudited consolidated financial statements for such six-month 
period, prepared in accordance with IFRS consistently applied and BRASAAS, including 
comparative financial information for the corresponding period of the previous financial year.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5: 
Affiliate means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling 
or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case 
of a natural Person, any immediate family member of such Person. For the purposes of this definition, 
“control”, as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the 
power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. For purposes of this definition, the terms 
“controlling”, “controlled by” and “under common control with” shall have corresponding 
meanings.  
Person means (i) any individual, company, unincorporated association, government, state agency, 
international organisation or other entity and (ii) its successors and assigns.  
Permitted Business means any business which is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary 
to any of the businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date. 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a majority of the 
voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a majority 
of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and controls a majority of the voting 
rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Issuer.  
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. In the case of any long or short interest 
period (a “Stub Period”), payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified in respect of such Stub Period.

--- Page 96 ---
82 
 
 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive 
form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive 
form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 97 ---
83 
 
 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Floating Rate Option, any applicable Designated Maturity, the Reset Date and any applicable 
Compounding Method. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant 
Financial Centre, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
 (a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.2 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of 
(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (c) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 98 ---
84 
 
 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency, (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 
2) System (the “TARGET 2 System”) is open or (3) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement for 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i): 
(a) 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period (other than a Stub Period, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as 
defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2000 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the 2000 ISDA Definitions; or (ii) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions; or (iii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, in each case, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (together, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 99 ---
85 
 
 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a)  
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b)  
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c)  
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the 
ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant 
confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
Where the relevant Floating Rate Option requires a Designated Maturity to be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, ISDA Rate for a Stub Period means a rate calculated by 
the Fiscal Agent by means of linear interpolation of the relevant ISDA Rate 1 and the 
relevant ISDA Rate 2 in accordance with market convention. 
ISDA Rate 1 and ISDA Rate 2 shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant to this 
sub-paragraph (i) on the same basis as the determination of the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
that is not a Stub Period save that references in this sub-paragraph (i) to the Floating Rate 
Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date shall be (i) in the case of the ISDA Rate 1, 
to the Floating Rate Option 1, the Designated Maturity 1 and the Reset Date 1, respectively, 
and (ii) in the case of the ISDA Rate 2, the Floating Rate Option 2, the Designated Maturity 2 
and the Reset Date 2, respectively, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounded Index Floating 
Rate Option”, “Index Method” and “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (other 
than a Stub Period) will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page of that service which 
displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such

--- Page 100 ---
86 
 
 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page of that 
service which displays the information), the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. If the Relevant Screen Page is 
not available or if, in the case of Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(A), no offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at 
the Specified Time (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum which the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Turkish Lira interbank market (if the Reference Rate 
is TRYIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Turkish Lira interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is TRYIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
The Rate of Interest for a Stub Period means a rate calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by means of linear interpolation of the relevant Screen Rate 
1 and the relevant Screen Rate 2 in accordance with market convention.

--- Page 101 ---
87 
 
 
Screen Rate 1 and Screen Rate 2 shall be determined for a Stub Period pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2(b)(ii) on the same basis as the determination of the Screen Rate for an Interest 
Period that is not a Stub Period save that references in this Condition 6.2(b)(ii) to the Reference 
Rate and the Relevant Screen Page shall be (i) in the case of the Screen Rate 1, to the Reference 
Rate 1 and the Relevant Screen Page 1, respectively, and (ii) in the case of the Screen Rate 2, 
to the Reference Rate 2, and the Relevant Screen Page 2, respectively, in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
In this Condition 6.2(b)(ii), Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market and, in the case of a determination of TRYIBOR, four major banks in the Turkish Lira 
interbank market. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified as being 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (including a Stub Period, 
if applicable) will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  For the 
purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), references to "Interest Period" shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include any Stub Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart or SOFR 
IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the Specified Time 
on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or by 3:00 pm New York 
City time on the immediately following US Government Securities Business Day or 
such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
of the SOFR Index value in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures 
of the administrator of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest 
Period and each Interest Period thereafter will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) below; or

--- Page 102 ---
88 
 
 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(II)  applies to such Interest Period 
pursuant to the proviso in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the rate determined by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used pursuant to paragraph (3) 
of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then in connection with determining the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement: 
(I) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall also determine the method for 
determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the 
definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable (including (i) the page, 
section or other part of a particular information service on or source from which such 
rate appears or is obtained (the Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which such rate 
appears on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source (the Alternative Specified Time), 
(iii) the day on which such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the Relevant Date), and 
(iv) any alternative method for determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative 
Specified Time on the applicable Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall be 
deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
(III) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that (i) changes to the 
definitions of Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, 
SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other 
technical changes to any other provision described in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), are 
necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any

--- Page 103 ---
89 
 
 
alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (B)(I) above) as the 
SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, determines is reasonably necessary), the Issuer and the Fiscal Paying Agent 
and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall agree without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders to the necessary modifications to these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement in order to provide for the amendment of such definitions 
or other provisions to reflect such changes; and 
(IV) 
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as practicable to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well 
as the details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (B)(III) above. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any applicable 
Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be applied to such 
ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that 
will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the rate that 
would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be effective 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily secured 
overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate); 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or such other 
then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" means the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 104 ---
90 
 
 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be determined by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor, provided that, (i) if the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of 
interest for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select 
such rate of interest that it has determined is most comparable to the then-current 
Benchmark, and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent to be applied to the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the 
purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means any person that has been appointed by the 
Issuer to make the calculations and determinations to be made by the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent described herein that may be made by either the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such person is a leading bank or other financial 
institution or a person with appropriate expertise, in each case that is experienced in such 
calculations and determinations; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information

--- Page 105 ---
91 
 
 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified 
Time for such determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as published 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
SOFR Index value means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as such 
value appears on the by the SOFR Administrator's Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of 
the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; or

--- Page 106 ---
92 
 
 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (1), unless the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified 
Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; or 
(3) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time on 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not 
SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on the Relevant Date), then (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the "Affected Day"), the SOFR 
Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, the Relevant Source at the Specified 
Time on the Relevant Date. 
Specified Time means 3:00p.m., New York City time or such other time as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or any successor 
organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), In the event the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent determines it appropriate, in its sole discretion, to consult with 
an Independent Adviser in connection with any determination to be made by the Benchmark 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, for the 
purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner but shall have no relationship of agency or trust with the 
Noteholders and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Benchmark 
Calculation Agent or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
or for any advice given to the Benchmark Calculation Agent in connection with any 
determination made by the Benchmark Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) 
or otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent consults with an Independent Adviser as to the 
occurrence of any SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and/or the related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall 
be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence 
of fraud) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to 
that matter in accordance with any such written determination or otherwise in connection with 
the Notes.

--- Page 107 ---
93 
 
 
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
(including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 (c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
“Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note;  
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Registered Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 108 ---
94 
 
 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
ሾ360 × ሺYଶ−Yଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺMଶ−Mଵሻሿ+ ሺDଶ−Dଵሻ
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
ሾ360 × ሺYଶ−Yଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺMଶ−Mଵሻሿ+ ሺDଶ−Dଵሻ
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
ሾ360 × ሺYଶ−Yଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺMଶ−Mଵሻሿ+ ሺDଶ−Dଵሻ
360

--- Page 109 ---
95 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then such rate shall be determined by reference to the relevant rate that would apply in 
accordance with the applicable Screen Rate Determination or Floating Rate Option provisions as the 
case may be, where the relevant reference rate is otherwise unavailable. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business 
Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.2, whether by 
the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud)

--- Page 110 ---
96 
 
 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes (or in the case of the redemption of part only of any Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for their redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid (or, in the case of the 
redemption of part only of such Note, all amounts in respect of such part thereof); and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.4 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) above (other than in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, 
in which case the provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall not apply), if the Issuer, following consultation 
with an Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.4(a) below and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or component part thereof remains to be determined 
by reference to that Original Reference Rate, the following provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall apply.  
(a)  
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.4(b)) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 6.4(c)) and any other required Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 6.4(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.4. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 6.4(a) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread as provided in Condition 6.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate (as 
adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 6.4(c)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the

--- Page 111 ---
97 
 
 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.4(b), the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread which may be expressed as a specified 
quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread and which 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of the Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as 
applicable.  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.4 and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in each 
case, Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.4(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.4(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined under this Condition 6.4, will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than notifying the Calculation Agent of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment Spread, and (D) where applicable, 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 6.4; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding upon the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 112 ---
98 
 
 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 6.4, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with Condition 6.4(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 6.4, then the Original Reference Rate will continue to 
apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue 
to apply to such determination. 
The preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4. 
(g) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and which is the spread, formula or methodology that: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause 
(i) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate the Issuer determines, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital market transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, 
so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.4(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.4(d); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered;

--- Page 113 ---
99 
 
 
(b) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances in which no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (d)(i); 
(e) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used (either generally or in respect of the Notes) or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i); 
(f) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as that Regulation applies in the European Union and/or 
as it applies in the United Kingdom in the form retained as domestic law in the United Kingdom 
under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended, if applicable); 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the 
Notes; or 
(h) 
the later of: (i) the date of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will no longer be representative or 
may no longer be used, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (h)(i); 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 6.4(a); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) 
has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event 
subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference 
Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 114 ---
100 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of: (i) the central bank for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency. 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to: (i) any fiscal 
or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, or other laws and regulations 
to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof (“FATCA”) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to 
FATCA. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal in respect 
of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 7.1 above only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation 
and endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer 
Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the applicable Coupon(s), in each case 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10 or, if 
later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall

--- Page 115 ---
101 
 
 
be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than 
the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between 
payments of principal and payments of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented.  
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will 
be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar outside of the United Kingdom (the “Register”) at (i) where in global form, 
the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, are open for business) before the relevant due date, and 
(ii) in all other cases, the close of business on the 15th day (or, if such 15th day is not a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located), the first 
such day prior to such 15th day before the relevant due date (the “Record Date”). Notwithstanding the 
previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the 
Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained by 
a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means 
a bank which processes payments in such Specified Currency. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding 
the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date at the address of such holder shown 
in the Register on the Record Date and at that holder’s risk. Upon application of the holder to the 
specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered 
Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest 
(other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the 
holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the 
contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption 
will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or

--- Page 116 ---
102 
 
 
expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or 
its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal 
and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
Istanbul; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(iii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal

--- Page 117 ---
103 
 
 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open; and 
(c) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9. 
7.8 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of the Notes denominated in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and 
regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre). 
7.9 
RMB Currency Event 
If RMB Currency Events are specified in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs 
and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon, the 
Issuer’s obligation to make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment 
of such amount in U.S. dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days 
before the relevant due date for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the relevant 
RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon as practicable following such occurrence, stating the occurrence 
of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (and subject 
in the case of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of Condition 6.2(f)): 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
PRC means the People’s Republic of China which, for the purposes of these Conditions, shall exclude 
Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan;

--- Page 118 ---
104 
 
 
Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and New York City; 
Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, if any amount, in whole 
or in part, under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of 
international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due in 
respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely 
to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating 
banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate 
Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into 
consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, among 
other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB non-deliverable exchange market in Hong 
Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange 
market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
7.10 
U.S. dollar exchange and payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through 
DTC 
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Specified Currency is 
Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a Registered Global Note registered in 
the name of DTC or its nominee, a Noteholder as of the applicable Record Date may, not more than 10 
and not less than five Business Days before the due date (the “Relevant Payment Date”) for the next 
payment of interest and/or principal on a Note (such period, the “USD Election Period”), give an 
irrevocable election to any Agent to receive such payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish Lira (each, 
a “USD Payment Election”). Each Agent to which such an election is given shall notify the Fiscal 
Agent on the Business Day following each USD Election Period of the USD Payment Elections made 
by the Noteholders during such USD Election Period and upon its receipt of such notification the Fiscal 
Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the total amount of Turkish Lira (the “Lira Amount”) to be

--- Page 119 ---
105 
 
 
paid by the Issuer in respect of the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Elections and which is to 
be converted into U.S. dollars and paid to the holders of such Notes on the Relevant Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.10 and Clause 7 of the Agency Agreement. 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately following 
payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Election and, unless 
a USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and principal on 
those Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the 
Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent, which 
shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a 
purchase price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, 
which conversion shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to 
that which the Exchange Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, taking 
into account any spread, fees, commission or charges on foreign exchange transactions customarily 
charged by it in connection with such conversions, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”). In no event shall 
any Agent be liable to any Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for the conversion rate so used. 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira is 
limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails to make any 
payment on the Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the relevant 
outstanding Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other amount as 
a result of any change in the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date and the date on which 
such payment is made in full. 
(c) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this Condition 7.10 and 
the Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall notify the Fiscal Agent of: (i) the total amount of 
U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount, and (ii) the Applicable Exchange Rate at which 
such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent. On each Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal 
Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders of such U.S. dollar amount and Applicable Exchange Rate 
in accordance with Condition 15 as so notified to it by the Exchange Agent. 
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will need to have received cleared funds 
from the Issuer on the Relevant Payment Date by no later than 11.00 a.m. (London time) in the case of 
a payment of interest or principal becoming due in order to make any payments to Noteholders on such 
Relevant Payment Date, including any such payments in U.S. dollars. If the Fiscal Agent receives 
cleared funds from the Issuer after such time, then the Fiscal Agent will use reasonable efforts to pay 
the funds (including any so converted US Dollar amounts) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase U.S. dollars 
with the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as 
soon as practicable upon receipt of such notification from the Exchange Agent, promptly notify the 
Noteholders of such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all payments on the Notes on the 
Relevant Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective 
of any USD Payment Election made. 
(e) 
To give a USD Payment Election: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, a Noteholder must deliver at the specified office of any 
Agent, on any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly signed and 
completed USD Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Agent and in which the holder must specify a USD bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.10 accompanied by the relevant Notes or 
evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that such Notes will, following the delivery of the 
USD Payment Election, be held to the Agent’s order or under its control until the applicable 
US Dollar payment is made; and

--- Page 120 ---
106 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in global form, a Noteholder must, on any Business Day falling within the 
USD Election Period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable (which may 
include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for any of them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, from time 
to time. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs of the purchase of 
U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro rata by the relevant Noteholders relative to the 
Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment Elections, which pro rata amount will be 
deducted from the U.S. dollar payment made to such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent or 
any other Person shall have any obligation whatsoever to pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, 
commissions or expenses or to indemnify any Noteholder against any difference between the U.S. dollar 
amount received by such Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have been payable 
to the Noteholder if it had not made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) the Issuer shall not 
have any liability or other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. dollars 
of any amount paid by it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any U.S. dollar amount 
to the applicable Noteholders. 
7.11 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than US Dollars 
In the case of any Notes represented by a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, payments in respect of such 
Notes will be made in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in such Notes has 
elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency in the manner specified in the 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 9 or any change or clarification in the application or official 
interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment 
becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt and for the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be 
the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest 
Payment Date the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9; and 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied 
by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction, at a rate in excess of the prevailing 
applicable rates on such date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it as 
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, 
then the Issuer may at its option, having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption),

--- Page 121 ---
107 
 
 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at any time at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of 
any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: 
(i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred to in 
sub-paragraph (a) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of the change or amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being 
referred to as an “Issuer Call”. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer 
Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the 
applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (a) not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
“Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put”. The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8.4 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes 
may be redeemed under this Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination.

--- Page 122 ---
108 
 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, or DTC at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less 
than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to 
which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to 
and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC as applicable, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
as the case may be (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in 
a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, DTC from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 above and Condition 11: 
(a) 
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but

--- Page 123 ---
109 
 
 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) in any manner, at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation. 
8.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.6 above (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5(b) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the Note 
or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
where such withholding or deduction would not have been imposed but for the failure of the 
applicable holder or beneficial owner of such payment to comply with any certification, 
identification, information, documentation or other reporting requirement to the extent (a) such 
compliance is required by applicable law, administrative practice or an applicable treaty as a 
precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, such 
Taxes and (b) such obligor shall have notified such recipient in writing that such recipient will 
be required to comply with such requirement; or 
(c) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Turkey; or

--- Page 124 ---
110 
 
 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to FATCA (including pursuant to any agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Relevant Date means with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the money payable has not been duly received 
by the Fiscal Agent, on or prior to the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(ii) 
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Republic of Turkey or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes 
subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes. 
9.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also 
to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 9. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect 
of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 therefor). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
(A) 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent) that such Note 
is, and it shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment if any of the following 
events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 14 days 
in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as 
is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 14 days 
following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default 
(however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment,

--- Page 125 ---
111 
 
 
subject to any applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or 
(iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due 
under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money of any other person, subject to any applicable grace period provided that the aggregate 
principal amount of any such (A) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or such 
Material Subsidiary in the case of (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or (B) Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money in relation to which such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or such 
Material Subsidiary has been given in the case of (iv) above, exceeds U.S.$50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies; or 
(d) 
if 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the 
whole or a substantial part of its business, save as provided below, and save for the 
purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or 
any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to 
or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found by a competent 
authority to be (or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or more 
of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a 
substantial part of its indebtedness; or  
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (I) takes any corporate action or other 
steps are taken or legal proceedings are started (x) for its winding-up, dissolution, 
administration, bankruptcy or re-organisation (other than for the purposes of and 
followed by a reconstruction whilst solvent upon terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders), or (y) for the appointment of a liquidator, 
receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of it or any 
substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (II) it shall or proposes to make a 
general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or shall enter into any composition 
with its creditors, 
in each case in (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
re-organisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of all 
or substantially all of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or another Subsidiary of the Issuer; or  
(e) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the Issuer is 
transferred to the Savings and Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the Banking Law 
(Law No. 5411) of Turkey. 
11.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities; or  
(b) 
any borrowed money; or  
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit.  
Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer:

--- Page 126 ---
112 
 
 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which 
the then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of the Issuer relate, are equal to) 
not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited IFRS financial statements (consolidated or, 
as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer, provided that: 
(i) 
if the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer show negative assets at the 
end of the relevant financial period, the financial statements shall be read as if words 
“net assets” were substituted by the words “total assets”, for the purposes of this 
definition; and  
(ii) 
in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to 
which the then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of the Issuer relate, 
the reference to the then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of the 
Issuer for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for 
the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited 
as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such 
Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant 
audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer;  
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to this sub-paragraph (b) but shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary on the date of 
publication of its next audited IFRS financial statements unless it would then be a Material 
Subsidiary under sub-paragraph (a) above; or  
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, represented (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated IFRS 
financial statements of the Issuer relate, represent) not less than 15 per cent., of the consolidated 
total assets of the Issuer taken as a whole (calculated as set out in sub-paragraph (a) above), 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer, its 
assets represent not less than 15 per cent., of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
(calculated as set out in sub-paragraph (a) above), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to 
be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (c) on the date of the publication of its 
next audited IFRS financial statements, save that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such 
consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions 
of sub-paragraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable 
provision of this definition.  
A report by the auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties.  
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, 
defacement or destruction and (b) indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 127 ---
113 
 
 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. 
If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be (in the case of Bearer Notes) a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) and (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent (which may 
be the Registrar) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent 
with a specified office in New York City; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment 
or change in Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of 
the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers.  
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant

--- Page 128 ---
114 
 
 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules. 
For so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, there may be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any 
such notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on the second business day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as applicable. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent or 
the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a video conference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
16.2 
Modification 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of any of these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, either (i) for the purpose of curing any 
ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other defective 
provision contained herein or therein or (ii) following the advice of an independent financial institution 
of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the 
Fiscal Agent agrees otherwise any such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
and Couponholder in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 129 ---
115 
 
 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the date from which 
interest starts to accrue, the Issue Date and the Issue Price, so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Notes provided that such further notes may not be fungible 
with the original notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may adversely affect the value of 
the original Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Deed Poll the Notes and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High 
Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court 
in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales) is to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any 
competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order 
originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales). 
The Issuer waives any objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any 
competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order 
originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales)on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceeding relating to any non 
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect 
of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and 
Wales)according to the provisions of Article 54 of the International Private and Procedural Law of 
Turkey (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any action is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in 
Turkey in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in addition to other permissible legal evidence 
pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Turkey (Law No. 6100), any judgment obtained in the High 
Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court 
in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales) in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of the existence 
and amount of the claim against the Issuer, pursuant to the provisions of the first paragraph of Article

--- Page 130 ---
116 
 
 
193 of the Civil Procedure Code of Turkey (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the International 
Private and Procedural Law of Turkey (Law No. 5718). 
19.4 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Service of process may be made upon the Issuer at the offices of Beko plc located at Beko House, 1 
Greenhill Crescent, Watford, WD18 8QU, United Kingdom, in respect of any Proceedings in England 
and undertakes that in the event of such process agent ceasing so to act it will appoint another person 
as its agent for that purpose. 
19.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United 
Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the 
High Court of Justice of England and Wales) and appointed an agent for service of process, in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 131 ---
117 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including 
(as applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer either: (i) for its general corporate 
purposes, or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, an Eligible Loan Portfolio (as defined in the 
Sustainable 
Finance 
Framework 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/list-document/Sustainable-
Bonds/571/0/0, as updated from time to time). However, for any particular Series, the Bank may agree (and so 
specify in the Final Terms for the Tranche(s) of such Series) with the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) that the 
proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used for one or more other specific purpose(s). The 
use of proceeds, if any, provided in the Final Terms for each Tranche in a Series with more than one Tranche 
shall be the same. 
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of any net proceeds of any of the Notes (or an amount 
equal thereto) in financing and/or refinancing the relevant Eligible Loan Portfolio, such proceeds are intended 
to be held by the Issuer in cash and/or cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments. Assets 
allocated under the Sustainable Finance Framework will not be knowingly used to finance/refinance loans the 
proceeds of which are (to the best of the Issuer’s knowledge) intended to be used for purposes covered by the 
Issuer’s “Exclusion List” as detailed on the Issuer’s website (as of December 2021 at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/codeofethicsandpolicies/2020/yk_environmental_a
nd_social_policy.pdf). 
The Issuer engaged Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the 
Sustainable 
Finance 
Framework. 
This 
opinion 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/list-document/Sustainable-
Bonds/571/0/0. 
The Issuer may update the Sustainable Finance Framework or obtain additional or new second-party opinions 
and/or certificates during the life of any Tranche of the Notes, in which case it will update such information on 
its website. 
As outlined in the Sustainable Finance Framework, the Issuer intends to publish a green, social and/or 
sustainable finance annual report on the allocation of the proceeds of any of the Notes that are used in financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, an Eligible Loan Portfolio and their environmental and/or social impact 
and may, but is not obliged to, request a limited assurance report to be provided by a qualified external party in 
respect thereof. Reporting will be renewed annually until full allocation of such proceeds. 
Under the Sustainable Finance Framework, Eligible Green Loans include loans falling within the categories of 
(i) renewable energy, (ii) green buildings, (iii) clean transportation, and (iv) energy efficiency. Eligible Social
Loans include loans falling within the categories of (i) access to essential services, including healthcare and
education, and (ii) employment generation and programs designed to prevent and/or alleviate unemployment
stemming from socioeconomic crises, including through the potential effect of SME financing and
microfinance.
None of the Sustainable Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion nor any of the reports, verification 
assessments, opinions or contents of any of the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section are, or 
shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
118 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, selected consolidated financial information of the Bank 
and its subsidiaries derived from the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period 
ended 30 September 2021 (with 30 September 2020 comparatives) incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should read the following information in conjunction with “Presentation of Financial and 
other Information”, the Annual BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 and the Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2021 (with 30 September 2020 comparatives).

--- Page 133 ---
119 
 
 
Balance Sheet Data 
 
As of 30 September 2021 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018(3) 
Assets 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (Net)  ...................................... 
15,396,955  
136,159,889  
14,609,813 
107,243,330 
113,563,368  
98,301,554  
Cash and cash equilvalents ......................................... 
11,281,555  
99,766,175  
10,312,091 
75,695,905 
81,339,978  
62,101,734  
Cash and balances at Central Bank ................................ 
8,330,033  
73,664,978  
7,858,123 
57,682,554 
43,485,930  
56,831,308  
Banks .............................................................................. 
2,975,910  
26,316,862  
2,245,893 
16,485,974 
27,211,788  
5,269,640  
Receivables from Money Markets ................................. 
236  
2,084  
231,707 
1,700,842 
10,803,630  
117,231  
Provisions for Expected Losses (-) 
24,623  
217,749  
23,631 
173,465 
161,370  
116,445  
Financial assets at fair value changes reflected to 
income statement  ..................................................... 
72,610  
642,108  
92,196  
676,765  
573,197  
248,156 
Government debt securities............................................ 
23,071  
204,022  
37,697  
276,714  
93,870  
68,342  
Share Certificates ........................................................... 
27,428  
242,551  
32,519  
238,703  
474,330  
177,162  
Other financial assets ..................................................... 
22,111  
195,535  
21,981  
161,348  
4,997  
2,652  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income statement ............................... 
3,223,795  
28,508,985  
3,419,462  
25,100,560 
26,900,612 
26,883,680 
Government debt securities............................................ 
3,140,509  
27,772,462  
3,132,276  
22,992,471  
24,760,918  
24,958,228  
Share Certificates ........................................................... 
10,068  
89,035  
12,026 
88,278 
80,345  
66,794  
Other financial assets ..................................................... 
73,218  
647,488  
275,160  
2,019,811  
2,059,349  
1,858,658  
Derivative financial assets ........................................... 
818,995  
7,242,621  
786,064 
5,770,100 
4,749,581  
9,067,984  
Derivative financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss ............................................................................. 
668,735  
5,913,827  
711,592 
5,223,442 
4,452,455  
5,898,898  
Derivative financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................... 
150,260  
1,328,794  
74,471 
546,658 
297,126  
3,169,086  
FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT 
AMORTISED COST (Net)  ........................................ 
47,482,488  
419,901,887  
47,051,437 
345,381,070 
274,047,178  
257,730,674 
Loans .............................................................................. 
40,046,563  
354,143,771  
40,987,657 
300,869,898 
248,049,598  
233,134,994  
Receivables From Leasing Transactions (Net)  ............. 
1,345,631  
11,899,815  
1,494,702 
10,971,858 
10,495,772  
12,775,463  
Factoring Receivables  ................................................... 
576,649  
5,099,484  
731,558 
5,369,999 
4,107,857  
3,589,067  
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ............. 
8,421,337  
74,472,408  
7,224,062 
53,028,224 
29,608,137  
22,805,679  
Government debt securities............................................ 
8,105,352  
71,678,059  
6,942,446 
50,961,025 
28,391,511  
22,044,650  
Other financial assets ..................................................... 
315,985  
2,794,349  
281,616 
2,067,199 
1,216,626  
761,029  
Provisions for Expected Losses (-) ................................ 
2,907,692  
25,713,591  
3,386,542 
24,858,909 
18,214,186  
3,589,067 
ASSETS HELD FOR RESALE AND RELATED 
TO DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Net)  ........... 
149,631  
1,323,228  
98,659 
724,207 
331,335  
298,470  
Held for sale Purposes ................................................... 
149,631  
1,323,228  
98,659 
724,207 
331,335  
298,470  
Related to Discontinued Operations .............................. 
— 
—   
— 
—   
— 
— 
INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES, 
SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES ............. 
202,983  
1,795,041  
218,596 
1,604,601 
1,249,325  
1,081,433  
Investments in associates (Net)  .................................. 
202,158  
1,787,741  
214,485  
1,574,427  
1,219,710  
1,052,968  
Consolidated based on Equity Method .......................... 
200,825  
1,775,955  
212,879 
1,562,641 
1,213,609  
1,046,867  
Unconsolidated ............................................................... 
1,333  
11,786  
1,606 
11,786 
6,101  
6,101  
Subsidiaries (Net) ......................................................... 
825  
7,300  
994 
7,300 
7,300  
7,300  
Unconsolidated Financial Subsidiaries .......................... 
— 
—   
— 
—   
— 
—   
Unconsolidated Non-Financial Subsidiaries.................. 
825  
7,300  
994 
7,300 
7,300  
7,300  
Joint Ventures (Net)  
— 
—   
3,116 
22,874 
22,315  
21,165  
Consolidated based on Equity Method .......................... 
— 
—   
3,116 
22,874   
22,315  
21,165  
Unconsolidated ............................................................... 
— 
—   
— 
—   
— 
—   
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Net) .................... 
526,217  
4,653,493  
620,445 
4,554,379 
4,358,899 
3,312,175 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Net) .................................... 
231,923  
2,050,969  
272,941 
2,003,526 
1,920,824  
1,817,112  
Goodwill ......................................................................... 
110,761  
979,493  
133,437 
979,493 
979,493  
979,493  
Other ............................................................................... 
121,162  
1,071,476  
139,505 
1,024,033 
941,331  
837,619  
INVESTMENT PROPERTY (Net) ............................ 
— 
—   
— 
—   
— 
— 
CURRENT TAX ASSETS .......................................... 
129  
1,139  
662 
4,861 
3,090  
9,504  
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS ........................................ 
341,792  
3,022,571  
504,333 
3,702,058 
2,129,358  
712,891  
OTHER ASSETS ......................................................... 
2,525,641  
22,335,005  
2,897,847 
21,271,647 
13,591,643  
10,112,441  
TOTAL ASSETS .......................................................... 
66,857,759  
591,243,222  
66,274,733 
486,489,679 
411,195,020  
373,376,254 
_________ 
Notes: 
 (1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 8.8433 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2021. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA.

--- Page 134 ---
120 
 
 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 7.3405 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2020. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
(3) 
The format of the Group’s balance sheets changed starting in 2019 in accordance with the “Communique amending the Communique on the Financial Statements 
and Related Disclosures and Footnotes to be Announced to Public by Banks” published in the Official Gazette dated February 1, 2019 and numbered 30673.  Its 
2018 financials presented above have been updated in accordanace with these formatting changes.  
 
As of 30 September 2021 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018(3) 
Liabilities 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
DEPOSITS ............................................................................ 
36,726,527  
324,783,698  
36,020,744 
264,410,268 
231,071,697  
210,291,473 
BORROWINGS ................................................................... 
5,887,964  
52,069,030  
6,324,459 
46,424,693 
45,373,495  
47,072,002  
MONEY MARKETS ........................................................... 
5,039,814  
44,568,589  
4,136,048 
30,360,664 
6,308,888  
3,520,213  
MARKETABLE SECURITIES ISSUED (Net) ................ 
3,377,044  
29,864,212  
3,355,134 
24,628,361 
25,221,191  
21,442,203  
Bills ........................................................................................ 
792,594  
7,009,144  
585,189 
4,295,582 
5,098,851  
1,373,498  
Asset backed Securities .......................................................... 
343,703  
3,039,473  
478,411 
3,511,774 
3,746,311  
3,835,712  
Bonds ...................................................................................... 
2,240,747  
19,815,595  
2,291,534 
16,821,005 
16,376,029  
16,232,993  
FUNDS ................................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Borrower Funds ...................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other ....................................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES FAIR VALUE 
THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS...................................... 
1,597,316  
14,125,548  
1,710,481 
12,555,789 
13,184,605  
7,965,404  
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITIES .................... 
873,884  
7,728,018  
1,443,114 
10,593,179 
7,105,282  
7,287,749  
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit and 
Loss ........................................................................................ 
783,716  
6,930,635  
1,085,791 
7,970,251 
4,214,115  
6,676,343  
Derivative Liabilities at Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Profit ............................................................ 
90,168  
797,383  
357,323 
2,622,928 
2,891,167  
611,406  
FACTORING PAYABLES ................................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
 —  
LEASE PAYABLES (Net) .................................................. 
127,645  
1,128,807  
148,548 
1,090,420 
927,223  
 —  
PROVISIONS ....................................................................... 
580,082  
5,129,838  
618,831 
4,542,527 
3,742,231  
3,459,185 
Provisions for Restructuring .................................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
 —  
Provisions for Employee Rights ............................................ 
102,533  
906,733  
113,567 
833,635 
781,092  
682,268 
Insurance Technical Provisions (Net) .................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other Provisions ..................................................................... 
477,549  
4,223,105  
505,264 
3,708,892 
2,961,139  
2,776,917 
CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES ......................................... 
196,898  
1,741,226  
266,505 
1,956,282 
933,839  
1,122,432  
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES ...................................... 
1,837  
16,242  
4,080 
29,952 
8,359  
10,666  
LIABILITIES FOR PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  
HELD FOR SALE AND RELATED TO 
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Net) ........................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Held for Sale  ......................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Related to Discontinued Operations ...................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
SUBORDINATED DEBT ................................................... 
3,053,030  
26,998,856  
3,086,309 
22,655,054 
18,580,039  
13,557,153 
Loans ...................................................................................... 
858,878  
7,595,319  
859,052 
6,305,871 
5,102,941  
5,574,724  
Other Facilities ....................................................................... 
2,194,151  
19,403,537  
2,227,257 
16,349,183 
13,477,098  
7,982,429  
OTHER LIABILITIES ....................................................... 
3,088,408  
27,311,722  
2,680,216 
19,674,124 
17,546,591  
18,640,496 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY ............................................ 
6,307,310  
55,777,436  
6,480,262 
47,568,366 
41,191,580  
39,007,278 
Paid in Capital ........................................................................ 
955,192  
8,447,051  
1,150,746 
8,447,051 
8,447,051  
8,447,051  
Capital Reserves ..................................................................... 
242,620  
2,145,565  
272,073 
1,997,149 
1,988,296  
1,985,153  
Share premium ....................................................................... 
62,978  
556,937  
75,872 
556,937 
556,937  
556,937  
Share Cancellation Profits ...................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
 —  
Other Capital Reserves ........................................................... 
179,642  
1,588,628  
196,201 
1,440,212 
1,431,359  
1,428,216  
Other accumulated comprehensive income that will not be 
reclassified in profit or loss .................................................... 
167,526  
1,481,482  
208,273 
1,528,828 
1,642,812  
1,669,027  
Other accumulated comprehensive income that will be 
reclassified in profit or loss .................................................... 
301,419  
2,665,537  
114,618 
841,353 
(589,416) 
802,965  
Profit Reserves ....................................................................... 
3,671,119  
32,464,808  
3,819,046 
28,033,706 
24,462,136  
19,795,091  
Legal Reserves ....................................................................... 
174,655  
1,544,526  
174,754 
1,282,785 
1,102,781  
869,410  
Statutory reserves ................................................................... 
— 
—  
— 
— 
— 
 —  
Extraordinary Reserves .......................................................... 
3,495,702  
30,913,543  
3,643,363  
26,744,104 
23,351,922  
18,917,867  
Other Profit Reserves ............................................................. 
762  
6,739  
929 
6,817 
7,433  
7,814  
Profit or loss ........................................................................... 
969,326  
8,572,044  
915,397  
6,719,472 
5,240,014  
6,307,380  
Prior years' profits or losses ................................................... 
185,446  
1,639,954  
223,412 
1,639,954 
1,639,954  
1,639,954  
Current period net profit or losss ........................................... 
783,880  
6,932,090  
691,985 
5,079,518 
3,600,060  
4,667,426  
Minority interest ..................................................................... 
107  
949  
110 
807 
687  
611

--- Page 135 ---
121 
 
 
_________ 
Notes: 
 (1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 8.8433 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2021. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
(2) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 7.3405 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 31 December 2020. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into U.S. 
dollars pursuant to BRSA. 
(3) 
The format of the Group’s balance sheets changed starting in 2019 in accordance with the “Communique amending the Communique on the Financial Statements 
and Related Disclosures and Footnotes to be Announced to Public by Banks” published in the Official Gazette dated February 1, 2019 and numbered 30673.  Its 
2018 financials presented above have been updated in accordanace with these formatting changes.  
Income Statement Data 
 
For the nine months ended 30 
September 2021 
For the nine months ended 30 
September 2020 
 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, thousands) 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(2) 
(TL, thousands) 
Income Statement Data: 
 
 
 
 
Interest income ..............................................................  
4,580,500  
37,059,913  
3,671,207  
24,649,209  
Interest expense .............................................................  
(2,661,193) 
(21,531,183) 
(1,777,880) 
(11,937,036) 
Net interest income ......................................................  
1,919,307  
15,528,730  
1,893,327  
12,712,173  
Fees and commissions received .....................................  
946,259  
7,655,996  
779,707  
5,235,107  
Fees and commissions paid............................................  
(241,367) 
(1,952,850) 
(146,750) 
(985,308) 
Net fees and commissions income ...............................  
704,893  
5,703,146  
632,957  
4,249,799  
Dividend income............................................................  
1,939  
15,685  
2,384  
16,006  
Trading profit/(loss) (net) ..............................................  
(319,244) 
(2,582,941) 
209,746  
1,408,278  
Other operating income .................................................  
209,052  
1,691,400  
180,346  
1,210,878  
Provision for impairment of loans and other receivables
 ....................................................................................  
(524,268) 
(4,241,749) 
(1,187,234) 
(7,971,325) 
Other operating expenses(3) ............................................  
(892,665) 
(7,222,371) 
(920,357) 
(6,179,456) 
Net operating profit/loss ..............................................  
1,099,014  
8,891,900  
811,170  
5,446,353  
Profit/Loss from equity method applied subsidiaries .....  
11,954  
96,721  
9,202  
61,785  
Tax provisions for continuing operations (+/-) ..............  
(254,158) 
(2,056,342) 
(177,770) 
(1,193,581) 
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ................  
856,810  
6,932,279  
642,602  
4,314,557  
Net profit/loss from discontinued operations.............  
— 
— 
— 
— 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the average rate of TL 8.0908 = U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with average of 
the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate for the nine months ended 30 September 2021. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts 
have been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(2) 
 For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the average rate of TL 6.9142= U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with average of 
the Bank’s Published Exchange Rate for the nine months ended 30 September 2021. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts 
have been converted into U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(3) 
Includes personnel costs. 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES ........................................................ 
66,857,759  
591,243,222  
66,274,733 
486,489,679 
411,195,020  
373,376,254

--- Page 136 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
For the nine 
months ended 30 
September 2021 
For the year ended  
31 December  
 
(TL, thousands) 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Income Statement Data: 
 
 
 
 
Interest income ................................................................  
37,059,913  
24,649,209  
37,851,770 
35,508,387 
Interest expense ...............................................................  
(21,531,183) 
(11,937,036) 
(22,320,754) 
(21,011,923) 
Net interest income ........................................................  
15,528,730  
12,712,173  
15,531,016 
14,496,464 
Fees and commissions received .......................................  
7,655,996  
5,235,107  
7,367,158  
5,630,813 
Fees and commissions paid..............................................  
(1,952,850) 
(985,308) 
(1,838,412) 
(1,394,469) 
Net fees and commissions income .................................  
5,703,146  
4,249,799  
5,528,746 
4,236,344  
Dividend income..............................................................  
15,685  
16,006  
16,972  
14,567  
Trading gain/(loss) (net) ..................................................  
(2,582,941) 
1,408,278  
(1,434,837) 
(81,168)  
Other operating income ...................................................  
1,691,400  
1,210,878  
1,493,314 
1,255,118  
Provision for impairment of loans and other receivables .  
(4,241,749) 
(7,971,325) 
(9,031,725) 
(7,304,266)  
Other operating expenses(2) ..............................................  
(7,222,371) 
(6,179,456) 
7,663,928 
(6,684,981) 
Net operating income/loss .............................................  
8,891,900  
5,446,353  
4,439,828 
5,932,078  
Profit/Loss from equity method applied subsidiaries .......  
96,721  
61,785  
93,952 
115,817  
Tax provisions for continuing operations (+/-) ................  
(2,056,342) 
(1,193,581) 
(933,594) 
(1,380,357) 
Net profit/loss from continuing operations ..................  
6,932,279  
4,314,557  
3,600,186 
4,667,538 
Net profit/loss from discontinued operations...............  
— 
— 
— 
— 
_______ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Includes personnel costs. 
 
 
Key Ratios 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 
2021, and as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. The basis for calculation of ratios 
that are non-GAAP financial measures is set out in the notes below. Non-GAAP financial measures should not 
be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with BRSA 
Principles. See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Non-GAAP Measures of Financial 
Performance”. 
 
As of and for 
the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(%) 
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority 
interest(1) .............................................................................................  
18.6 
12.0 
9.4 
14.2 
Net interest margin(2) ..........................................................................  
2.8 
3.8 
3.5 
4.1 
Capital adequacy ratio(3) .....................................................................  
16.5 
17.2 
16.7 
14.8 
Cost to income(4) .................................................................................  
35.3 
33.4 
34.9 
32.2 
Free capital ratio(5) ..............................................................................  
5.0 
3.8 
3.8 
5.3 
Non-performing loans to total cash loans(6) ........................................  
4.9 
6.2 
7.4 
5.3 
Cost to average total assets(7) ..............................................................  
1.8 
1.9 
1.9 
1.9 
______________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Annualised return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest, calculated based on the average of shareholders’ equity (less 
intangible assets) at the end of the current period and shareholders’ equity (less intangible assets) at the end of the previous period.  
(2) 
Net interest income (swap adjusted) divided by average interest earning assets (based on Bank-only). 
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratio presented as of 30 September 2021 reflects the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratio without forbearances would be 16.0% 
(4) 
Represents non-interest expenses, excluding pensions fund provisions, divided by total operating income before provisions and non-interest 
expense (adjusted for trading income to hedge foreign currency rates, expected credit losses and collections). 
(5) 
Total shareholders’ equity excluding investment in associates, property and equipment, intangible assets, tax assets, deferred income tax assets, 
other assets, (NPL-provisions) divided by total assets. 
(6) 
Total non-performing loans divided by total cash loans. 
(7) 
Operating costs divided by the average of assets at the end of the current period and assets at the end of the previous year.

--- Page 137 ---
123 
 
 
CAPITALISATION OF THE BANK 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalisation of the Group as of 30 September 2021. The 
information in this table has been extracted from the Group’s Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for 
the nine month period ended 30 September 2021 without material adjustment. This table should be read in 
conjunction with “Use of Proceeds” and the Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2021 (with 30 September 2020 comparatives) incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
As of 30 September 2021 
 
(U.S.$, 
thousands)(1) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
Indebtedness  
 
 
Subordinated debts borrowings ................................................................................................ 
3,053,030  
26,998,856  
Debt securities in issue ............................................................................................................. 
3,377,044  
29,864,212  
Other borrowings(2) ................................................................................................................... 
10,927,778  
96,637,619  
Total Indebtedness 
17,357,851  
153,500,687  
Equity 
 
 
Paid in capital and share premium ............................................................................................ 
1,018,171  
9,003,988  
Other reserves ........................................................................................................................... 
5,103,586  
45,132,545  
Retained earnings ..................................................................................................................... 
185,446  
1,639,954  
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Parent .............................................................  
6,307,203  
55,776,487  
Minority interests ...................................................................................................................... 
107  
949  
Shareholders’ equity ...............................................................................................................  
6,307,310  
55,777,436  
Total capitalisation ................................................................................................................. 
23,665,162  
209,278,123  
_____________ 
Note: 
(1) 
For the convenience of the reader, these figures have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of TL 8.8433= U.S.$1.00, which corresponds with the Bank’s 
Published Exchange Rate on 30 September 2021. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the TL amounts have been converted into 
U.S. dollars pursuant to the requirements of BRSA. 
(2) 
Includes borrowings, money markets and funds. 
 
There has been no material change in the Bank’s capitalisation since 30 September 2021.

--- Page 138 ---
124 
 
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the 
Group covers the nine month periods ended 30 September 2021 and 2020 and the financial years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018. Unless otherwise specified, the financial information presented in this 
discussion has been extracted from the Annual BRSA Financial Statements and Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements without material adjustment. This section should be read in conjunction with such Annual BRSA 
Financial Statements and Interim BRSA Financial Statements, the notes thereto and the other financial 
information incorporated by reference or included in this Base Prospectus (including the section entitled 
“Presentation of Financial and Other Information”). The Annual BRSA Financial Statements and Interim BRSA 
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with BRSA regulations as described in “Presentation 
of Financial and Other Information”. For a discussion of the main differences between the BRSA Financial 
Statements and IFRS, see “Appendix 1—Overview of Significant Differences Between IFRS and BRSA 
Accounting Principles”. 
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements”. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. See the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements”. 
Introduction 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey. According to BRSA 
statistics, as of 30 September 2021, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Turkey by total assets. As of 
30 September 2021, the Bank had 826 branches covering all regions of Turkey (which includes one branch in 
Bahrain). It maintains leading positions in key segments and products, supported by its strong franchise, large 
network and leading brand. The Bank provides financial products and services including retail banking (which 
includes individual, and card payment systems and private banking and wealth management), and corporate 
banking through its network of branches in Turkey. Internationally, the Group operates through subsidiaries in 
the Netherlands, Malta and Azerbaijan and maintains a foreign branch in Bahrain. 
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
Numerous factors affect the Group’s results of operations, some of which are outside the Group’s control. The 
following discussion identifies certain of those factors that are significant to the Group. 
Turkish Economy 
The majority of the Group’s operations are in Turkey and its business and results of operations are affected by 
general economic conditions in Turkey. As of 30 September 2021, 96.31% of the Group’s total assets were 
located in Turkey. Accordingly, the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition have been and will 
continue to be significantly affected by Turkish political and economic factors, including the economic growth 
rate, the rate of inflation and fluctuations in exchange and interest rates. In addition, because the Bank is reliant 
on deposits from retail customers for a significant portion of its funding and generates a significant amount of 
its net income from retail customers, the Bank’s performance is affected by changes in wages, consumer 
spending and GDP growth generally. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business— The Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are affected by general economic conditions 
in Turkey” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Turkey—Political developments in Turkey may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”. 
Overall Trends 
Global and emerging market uncertainties have continued for the past several years, driven by a number of 
factors over the past several years, ranging from the U.S. and global monetary policies, high inflation and low 
growth risk in emerging markets, concerns about slowdown of global growth rates, particularly in China, global 
trade tensions, particularly between the U.S. and China, and the global COVID-19 pandemic. In Turkey, GDP 
grew by 2.9% in 2018, 0.9% in 2019, 1.8% in 2020 and 11.7% in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
according to TurkStat In 2018, private consumption and capital formation had a negative impact on GDP, 
whereas external demand provided the only strong positive impact. Although there was a contraction in the first

--- Page 139 ---
125 
 
 
half of 2019 due to low demand for private consumption and investment, economic activity accelerated in 
second half of 2019 and GDP grew by 0.9% in 2019.  In 2020, GDP contracted by 10.4% in the second quarter 
due to the negative effects of COVID-19 and the government’s public health measures to impede the spread of 
COVID-19 starting in March 2020. After such measures were eased in June 2020, economic activity increased 
significantly in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 with 6.3% and 6.2% year-over-year GDP growth, 
respectively. GDP grew by a total of 1.8% in 2020 supported by domestic demand despite negative contribution 
from external demand through declining exports and increasing imports. Turkey’s GDP grew by 7.4%, 22.0% 
and 7.4%% in the first, second and third quarters of 2021, respectively compared to the same periods in 2020 
with the positive contribution of both domestic and external demand. Private consumption and the capital 
formation, mostly through machinery and equipment were the main drivers domestically. Leading indicators 
point to domestic economic activity remaining strong for the final quarter, with the help of robust external 
demand. The ongoing domestic vaccination throughout Turkey has facilitated a recovery in services, tourism 
and related sectors and has supported economic activity.  
With respect to global markets, between December 2015 and December 2018, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised 
the U.S. federal funds rate by 0.25% nine times, which injected volatility into global markets. However, in July 
2019, the U.S. Federal Reserve halted its rate-increasing cycle and started cutting rates in mid-2019 and into 
2020 to counteract the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the first half of the 2021, economic activity 
recovered globally while the potential for new variants has caused the COVID-19 virus to continue to pose a 
risk to continued economic recovery. On the other hand, recovery in global demand, high course of commodity 
prices, supply constraints and rise in transportation costs led to inflation globally. Global markets follow 
inflation developments in both developed and developing countries. Although advanced economies assess that 
the rise in inflation would be mostly temporary and continue their supportive monetary stances and asset 
purchase programs, they started cutting pace of these supports. The U.S. Federal Reserve announced in 
November 2021 that it will start reducing asset purchases by U.S. $15 billion per month.  Therefore due to 
uncertainties related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, global inflation dynamics and developments in 
advanced economies’ monetary policies management expects that markets will be cautious in pricing Turkish 
Lira assets and forming long-term expectations. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related Turkey—Political 
developments in Turkey may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects”.  
Domestic demand, together with foreign demand, also reduced sharply as a result of the measures implemented 
to impede the spread of COVID-19 in 2020.  The current account balance returned to a deficit at the beginning 
of 2020. A widening trade deficit together with a weak services balance resulted in a significant current account 
deficit in 2020. On a 12-month basis, Turkey’s yearly current account deficit reached US$35.2 billion for year 
ended 31 December 2020, which represented 4.9% of GDP. The increased current account deficit is mainly 
attributable to a decrease in the services balance, which deteriorated mainly as a result of the effects of COVID-
19, including the pandemic’s impact on tourism revenues, as well as a decrease in the trade balance. In 2021, 
the current account balance started to improve gradually due to increase in exports owing to the rapid recovery 
in global demand and the rise in export prices. Meanwhile, the recovery in services gained momentum on the 
back of the acceleration of vaccination and lifting of restrictions. The deficit was U.S. $18.4 billion (2.4% of 
GDP) as of 30 September 2021, on a 12-month rolling basis. In the services sector, net revenue from the tourism 
and the transportation sector increased by 120% and 34.7%, respectively, in the nine months ended 30 
September 2021 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2020. Although there has been a recovery 
in current account due to upward trend in exports, rising commodity and energy prices remain as a risk for 
current account given Turkey’s dependence on energy. Moreover, various events including any deterioration in 
economic conditions in Turkey’s primary export customers and geopolitical risks (such as tariffs imposed by 
the United States on imports from Turkey) as well as an increase in energy prices could result in an increase in 
the current account deficit, including due to the possible negative impact on Turkey’s foreign trade and tourism 
revenues. 
In September 2021, the Government’s Medium Term Programme was announced in official gazette for the 2022 
to 2024 period. The Medium Term Programme set GDP growth estimates as 9.0% for 2021, 5.0% for 2022 and 
5.5% for each of 2023 and 2024. Furthermore, it has estimated the inflation rate as 16.2%, 9.8%, 8.0% and 7.6% 
for 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. CPI increased to 19.9% in October 2021, and the 12-month moving 
average of inflation in October 2021 was above the targeted level at 17.1%, compared to 11.7% in October 
2020.

--- Page 140 ---
126 
 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic impacted Turkey’s monetary policy. In order to minimize the impact of COVID-19 
the CBRT held an emergency meeting on 17 March 2020 and cut policy rates from 10.75% to 9.75%. The 
CBRT has taken other measures to contain the possible adverse effects caused by COVID-19. On 22 April 2020, 
CBRT cut policy rates again by 100bps to 8.75% due to the disinflationary trend arising from the decline in 
domestic demand and commodity prices at the time of pandemic. On 21 May 2020, CBRT made the last rate 
cut by 50 bps to 8.25% and focused on upside risks on food prices and rising unit costs. After a rate cut period, 
the CBRT started rate hikes as a part of normalization steps in the economy as well as in order to contain rising 
inflation due to foreign exchange (“FX”) depreciation. On 24 September 2020, CBRT increased the policy rate 
by 200bps to 10.25% for the first time since September 2018.  Taking into account the upside risks on inflation 
expectations, pricing behaviour and the medium-term inflation outlook, the CBRT has increased the policy rate 
gradually by 1,075bp to 19.0% from September 2020 to March 2021.  
After raising interest rates in March 2021, Governor Naci Ağbal was dismissed and Prof. Dr. Şahap Kavcıoğlu 
has been appointed. After the change in leadership at the Central Bank, Turkey’s domestic economic outlook 
fluctuated and the Turkish Lira depreciated. Turkish Lira has been under pressure since the unanticipated change 
of governor at the CBRT on 20 March 2021 and is still volatile depending on developments in global markets, 
inflation outlook and related monetary policy decisions.  
The CBRT has kept the policy rate unchanged at 19% at the subsequent meetings until August 2021. Prior to 
the September 2021 MPC meeting, the CBRT made adjustments in required reserves to increase the efficiency 
of the monetary transmission mechanism, and altered the terms of use and repayment of rediscount credits to 
support the increase in FX reserves. On 1 July 2021, the CBRT announced that FX reserve requirement ratios 
were raised by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets. On 15 September 2021, the CBRT announced that the 
reserve requirement ratios for FX deposits was increased by another 200 basis points for all maturity brackets 
and the facility for holding FX for Turkish lira reserve requirements was decreased to 10% from 20% and was 
terminated on 1 October 2021. Meanwhile, CBRT reduced the remuneration rate for TL reserve requirement 
from 13.5% to 12.5% in September 2021 and lastly to 10.5% in October 2021.  
At its September meeting, the CBRT assessed that a revision in monetary policy stance was needed based on 
analyses decomposing the demand-side factors that can be influenced by monetary policy, core inflation 
developments and the effects of supply shocks. At the September meeting, the CBRT attributed the recent rise 
in inflation to supply-side factors such as rising food and import prices and ongoing supply constraints, hikes in 
administered prices as well as changes in demand driven by the reopening, and said that these effects were 
caused by temporary factors, such as supply-side factors. In addition, the CBRT stated that the monetary 
tightening continued to have a decelerating impact on credit and domestic demand, and emphasized that the 
tightness in the monetary stance had started to have a higher than envisaged contractionary effect on commercial 
loans. Accordingly, judging that a revision in monetary policy stance was needed, the CBRT decided to cut the 
policy rate by 100bps to 18%. 
At its October 2021 meeting, the CBRT reiterated that the recent increase in inflation was driven by temporary 
factors, and decided to reduce the policy rate by 200bps to 16%. However, the CBRT assessed that, through the 
end of the year, temporary supply-side factors leave limited room for the downward adjustment to the policy 
rate.  
On 9 November 2021, the upper limit of the facility for holding standard gold for TL reserve requirements has 
been decreased from 15% to 10%. This facility will be gradually decreased and terminated. In addition, the 
reserve requirement ratios for FX deposits increased by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets. 
At its November 2021 meeting, the CBRT evaluated the analyses to decompose the impact of demand factors 
that monetary policy can have an effect, core inflation developments and supply shocks and decided to reduce 
the policy rate by 100bps to 15%. At its December 2021 meeting, the CBRT decided to reduce the policy rate 
by a further 100 bps to 14%. The CBRT stated in its decision that the cumulative impact of the recent policy 
decisions will be monitored in the first quarter of 2022 and during this period, all aspects of the policy framework 
will be reassessed in order to create a foundation for sustainable price stability.  Thus, total rate cut from 
September 2021 through December 2021 reached 500 bps. Following these events, the Turkish Lira saw as high 
as TL 18.36 U.S. $1 as of 20 December 2021, implying approximately 105% depreciation since the end of 
September 2021.

--- Page 141 ---
127 
 
 
High inflation levels remain as risk for Turkey. As of October 2021 CPI increased to 19.9% mainly due to 
supply-side factors such as the rise in food and import prices and disruptions in supply chains, the rise in 
administered prices, and demand developments due to the re-opening. Meanwhile, the rise in producer prices 
persisted, and continued to exert pressure on consumer prices. Although the CBRT expects CPI inflation of 
18.4% for the year ended 31 December 2021, market expectations have been revising up periodically as 
depreciation of Turkish Lira after the rate cuts totalling 500 bps from September 2021 through December 2021 
creates more pressure on inflation. These upside effects seem to continue create pressure on inflation in 2022 
as well. The Central Bank communicated after its November 2021 and December 2021 MPC meetings that it 
expects the temporary impact of supply-side factors, among other factors beyond the control of monetary policy, 
to have a persistent upward impact on prices through the first half of 2022.  
The following table presents selected macroeconomic data with respect to the Turkish economy as of or for the 
periods indicated below: 
 
As of or for the 
period 
indicated in 
As of or for the years ended 
31 December(1) 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
Nominal GDP at current prices (in millions of 
Turkish Lira)(6) ............................................... 
4,894,594 
5,046,883 
4,320,191 
3,758,316 
3,110,650 
2,608,526 
2,338,647 
2,044,466 
Real GDP growth (%)(6) ...................................... 
11.7 
1.8 
0.9 
2.9 
7.5 
3.2 
6.1 
5.2 
Deficit/surplus of consolidated budget (%)(2) (5) . 
(1.6) 
(3.4) 
(2.9) 
(1.9) 
(1.5) 
(1.1) 
(1.0) 
(1.1) 
Inflation (end of period) (%)(5) ........................... 
19.9 
14.6 
11.8 
20.3 
11.9 
8.5 
8.8 
8.2 
Central Bank reference interest rate(4) ................ 
15.0 
17.0 
12.0 
24.0 
8.0 
8.0 
7.5 
8.25 
O/N Lending Rate of the Central Bank (%)(4) .... 
16.5 
18.5 
13.5 
25.50 
9.25 
8.50 
10.75 
11.25 
Nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the 
Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar (%)(5) .... 
(29.2) 
(23.6) 
(12.9) 
(39.5) 
(7.2) 
(21. 0) 
(25.4) 
(8.6) 
Real effective exchange rate appreciation 
(depreciation) (%)(3)(5) .................................... 
(2.9) 
(18.4) 
(0.2) 
(11.5) 
(7.7) 
(5.6) 
(6.3) 
4.7 
Total gross gold and international currency 
reserves (in millions of U.S. dollars) (7) ......... 
121,256 
93,277 
105,696 
93,028 
107,730 
106,111 
110,533 
127,308 
____________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Inflation, nominal depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and real effective exchange rate are presented on a year to year basis. 
(2) 
Last 12 months deficit over last 12 months GDP. 
(3) 
CPI based real effective exchange rate is used. 
(4) 
Presented as of 18 November 2021. 
(5) 
Presented as of, or for the eleven months ended, 30 November 2021. 
(6) 
Presented as of, or for the nine months ended, 30 September 2021. 
(7)  
Presented as of, or for the nine months ended, 30 September 2021. 
Sources: TurkStat for nominal GDP at current prices, real GDP growth, inflation. Turkish Ministry of Finance, General Directorate of Public Accounts, for deficit surplus of 
consolidated budget and Central Bank for reference overnight interest rate, refinancing rate, nominal appreciation (depreciation) of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar, 
real effective exchange rate and total gross gold and international currency reserves. 
Changes in Inflation 
Headline inflation based on the CPI has missed the target by considerable margins and reached 20.3%, 11.8% 
and 14.6% as at 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively, mainly due to the 
pass-through effect from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and rising food prices. As of 31 October 2021, 
CPI stood at 19.9% on a yearly basis and has been mainly driven by the increases in the price of food and non-
alcoholic beverages, utilities, household equipment, transportation and hotels & restaurants.  Core inflation (C 
Index) was 14.3% year-on-year as of 31 December 2020, compared to 9.8% year-on-year as of 31 December 
2019, 19.5% year-on-year as of 31 December 2018 and 12.3% year-on-year as of 31 December 2017. It stands 
at 16.8% as of October 2021.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Turkey—Turkey’s economy is subject to 
inflation and risks relating to its current account deficit.”  
 Turkish Political Conditions 
Furthermore, political uncertainty has continued over the past several years due to the results of both national 
and local elections in Turkey and is likely to continue.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Turkey—Political 
developments in Turkey may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects”. 
In particular, on 15 July 2016, the Turkish government was subject to an attempted coup by a group within the 
Turkish army. The Turkish government and the Turkish security forces (including the Turkish army) took 
control of the situation in a short period of time and the ruling government remained in control. On 20 July 
2016, after the failed coup attempt, the Turkish President announced, pursuant to Article 120 of the Turkish 
Constitution, a nationwide three month state of emergency, entitling the government to exercise additional

--- Page 142 ---
128 
 
 
powers. Following multiple further three-month extensions, the state of emergency was lifted on 18 July 2018. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, investigations with respect to the attempted coup are ongoing. There 
might still be further arrests and actions taken by the government in relation to these investigations, including 
changes in policies and laws. Any future investigations may include customers of the Bank, which could impact 
such customers’ ability to meet their obligations and may in turn result in an adverse impact on the Bank’s loan 
portfolio. The ongoing investigations following the failed coup attempt and state of emergency have contributed 
to uncertainty surrounding the Turkish political environment. In addition, in the referendum held on 16 April 
2017, the majority of the votes cast approved proposed amendments to certain articles of the Turkish 
Constitution including replacing the existing parliamentary system of government with an executive presidency 
and a presidential system. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it remains unclear, what impact such structure 
and policies might have in the future on Turkish government institutions. As such, political uncertainty is likely 
to continue. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Turkey”.  
Credit Ratings Impact 
Following the attempted coup in July 2016, Turkey’s sovereign credit rating and the ratings of 17 Turkish banks 
were downgraded on several occasions, driven by both domestic and international factors.  Further ratings action 
has continued in the past several months. On 14 June 2019, Moody’s downgraded the Turkey's long-term issuer 
and senior unsecured bond ratings to “B1” from “Ba3” and maintained the negative outlook, on the back of its 
view that the risk of a balance of payments crisis continues to rise, and with it the risk of a government default, 
which Moody’s mainly attributes to the Turkey’s high reliance on external capital across all sectors of the 
economy. On 12 July 2019, Fitch downgraded Turkey’s sovereign rating to “BB-” from “BB”, mainly based on 
(i) the dismissal of the central bank governor on 6 July 2019, which heightened doubts over the Turkish 
authorities’ tolerance for a period of sustained below-trend growth and disinflation according to Fitch, and (ii) 
the risk of U.S. sanctions triggered by delivery of S-400 missile components from Russia, which Fitch expects 
to be of a “relatively mild form with minimal direct economic effect” but which might have a significant impact 
on the sentiment according to Fitch. On 1 November 2019, Fitch revised the outlook on Turkey's sovereign 
rating to stable from negative, and affirmed at “BB-”, citing continued progress in rebalancing and stabilisation 
of the Turkish economy with an improved current account balance, however noting Turkey’s gross external 
financing requirement as a source of vulnerability.  On 12 November 2019, following its revision of Turkey’s 
long-term foreign-currency issuer default rating, Fitch revised the rating outlooks for 20 Turkish banks to stable, 
including that of the Bank, though on 13 December 2019, following the announcement of an agreement to 
change the Bank’s ownership structure as described under “Share Capital and Ownership—Changes to the 
Bank’s Shareholder Structure” Fitch revised the Group’s outlook from stable to negative. On 2 December 2021, 
Fitch revised Turkey's sovereign rating outlook to "Negative" from "Stable" and on 10 December 2021, Fitch 
revised the Bank’s outlook to "Negative" from "Stable", maintaining the “B+” rating. 
Interest Rates 
Market Interest Rates 
One of the primary factors affecting the Group’s profitability is the level of fluctuations in interest rates in 
Turkey, which in turn influence the return on its securities portfolio and its loan and deposit rates. Since 2016, 
the Central Bank has taken a number of different approaches due to a number of different factors, including 
elevated uncertainties regarding global monetary policies, as well as domestic economic conditions and political 
conditions (including three different Central Bank governors since 2016). 
Since the beginning of 2016 through to mid-2019, the Central Bank has generally tightened monetary policy in 
order to cope with significant deterioration in the Turkish Lira and the resulting pressure on inflation, including 
a number of large rate hikes of which the most notable was the increase in the policy rate by 625 bps to 24% in 
September 2018, following a number of earlier increases in 2018 with CPI hitting 25.2% in October 2018.  CPI 
came down to 15.72% in June 2019, and the 12-month moving average of inflation in June 2019 was 19.92%. 
The Governor of the Central Bank was replaced on 6 July 2019 and the Central Bank cut interest rates by 425 
bps on 25 July 2019 in light of weaker global economic activity and reduced inflationary pressure. The Central 
Bank has continued its rate-cutting cycle through early 2020, reaching 10.75% in February 2020. In order to 
minimize the impact of COVID-19, the CBRT held an emergency meeting on 17 March 2020 and further cut 
the policy rate from 10.75% to 9.75%. On 22 April 2020 and 21 May 2020, the CBRT made two additional 
policy rate cuts, with the policy rate lowered to 8.25%. After a rate cut period, CBRT started rate hikes as a part 
of normalization steps in the economy as well as in order to contain rising inflation due to FX depreciation. On

--- Page 143 ---
129 
 
 
24 September 2020, CBRT increased the policy rate by 200 bps to 10.25% for the first time since September 
2018. Following a change of the Central Bank governor on 7 November 2020, on 19 November 2020 CBRT 
hiked the policy rate by 475bps to 15.0%. Furthermore, the bank decided to provide all funding through the 
main policy rate, which is the one-week repo auction rate. As of November 2020, the CBRT under Governor 
Naci Ağbal raised the policy rate to 19% in order to address concerns with inflation. However, after raising 
interest rates in March 2021, Governor Naci Ağbal was dismissed and Prof. Dr. Şahap Kavcıoğlu was appointed. 
After the change in leadership at the Central Bank, Turkey’s domestic economic outlook fluctuated and the 
Turkish Lira depreciated.  As set out below, from September 2021 through December 2021 the Central Bank 
has cut interest rates by 500 bps to 14% citing the limited influence of monetary policy on the temporary supply-
side factors the Central Bank believes is currently behind rising prices in Turkey.  
The CBRT increased the policy rate gradually by 1,075bp to 19.0% from September 2020 to March 2021, taking 
into account the expected risks related to rising inflation.  After the last rate hike took place in the monetary 
policy meeting in March 2021, Governor Naci Ağbal was dismissed and Prof. Dr. Şahap Kavcıoğlu has been 
appointed. After the change in duties at the Central Bank, a fluctuating outlook prevailed in the domestic 
markets, while the TL depreciated. The CBRT has kept the policy rate unchanged at 19% at the subsequent 
meetings until August 2021. At its September 2021 meeting, the CBRT assessed that a revision in monetary 
policy stance was needed based on analyses decomposing the demand-side factors that can be influenced by 
monetary policy, core inflation developments and the effects of supply shocks. Accordingly, judging that a 
revision in monetary policy stance was needed, the CBRT decided to cut the policy rate by 100bps to 18%. At 
its October, November and December meetings, the CBRT reiterated that the recent increase in inflation was 
driven by temporary factors outside the control of monetary policy, and in light of a decelerating impact on 
credit and domestic demand, and a higher than envisaged contractionary effect on commercial loans, decided 
to reduce the policy rate by a total of 500 bps to 14% from September 2021 through December 2021. The MPC 
expects the temporary impact of supply-side factors, among other factors beyond the control of monetary policy, 
to have a persistent upward impact on prices through the first half of 2022.  The CBRT assessed that temporary 
supply-side factors leave limited room for the downward adjustment to the policy rate through the end of the 
year. 
See also “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Turkey—The value of the Turkish Lira fluctuates against other 
currencies.” 
Impact of Interest Rates on the Group 
Interest earned and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflects, to a certain degree, inflation, expectations 
regarding inflation, shifts in short term interest rates set by the Central Bank and movements in long term real 
interest rates. 
As is the case for the Turkish banking system generally, the Group’s assets have a longer maturity and reprice 
more slowly than its liabilities. As a result, changes in short term interest rates are generally reflected in the 
rates of interest paid by the Group on its liabilities before such changes can be reflected in the rates of interest 
earned by the Group on its assets. Therefore, when interest rates decline, the Group’s interest margin is 
positively affected, but when interest rates increase, the Group’s interest margin is generally negatively affected.  
The current environment remains intensely competitive, and there has been sustained pressure on margins from 
time to time, particularly during high interest rate environments due to increasing deposit costs across the 
Turkish banking sector. In light of these conditions, the Group is strongly focusing on customer business, small 
ticket retail deposit generation with an increasing share of demand deposits in total deposits, optimal allocation 
of loans in higher yielding segments and reducing concentration, optimisation of deposit pricing, diversification 
of funding sources and fee income generation, especially through transactional banking and payment systems. 
The Group has generally been able to generate a substantial portion of its revenue from service income and fees 
which it views as sustainable, for example, as of 30 September 2021 and 31 December 2020, 28% and 22% of 
the operating revenues of the Group consisted of net fees and commissions, respectively. A strong contributor 
to the Group’s fee and commission income is the credit card sector where the Group is a market leader with a 
16.8% market share in volume of outstanding credit card balances, 16.3% market share in issuing volume, 
17.7% market share in acquiring volume, and 15.4% market share in number of cards as of 30 September 2021, 
according to the Interbank Card Centre. In order to further enhance fee and commission income, the Group has 
been focusing on diversification of fees, through extensive focus on fee dynamics, new product launches, 
changes to transaction fees and increasing fee generating products, such as insurance policies, distributed by the

--- Page 144 ---
130 
 
 
Bank’s wide branch network, cash management and trade finance. The Group has an entire department 
established solely to evaluate fee performance and related metrics. The Group also re-designed its service model 
to support managed-risk revenue generation through a portfolio management approach for business banking 
customers in a refined affluent segment with additional advisory services and specialized services for a blue 
class customer sub-segment within a unified risk management system. 
Over the past years, however, consumer fees have been limited to a certain extent by regulatory actions as part 
of the consumer protection laws and regulations introduced since 2014. The Bank was able to offset the impact 
through a strategic focus on enhancing fee generating activity, particularly in unregulated areas (such as 
payment systems) and still has one of the highest ratios of fees/revenues among peer banks. See “Risk Factors—
Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, 
including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other 
factors impacting the Turkish banking sector”. 
Exchange Rates 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly in 
U.S. dollars and Euros (42.71% of total assets and 48.55% of total liabilities as of 30 September 2021). While 
the Group monitors its net open position in foreign currencies and the Group is required to comply with foreign 
currency net open position limits set by the BRSA, the Group has maintained and is likely to continue to 
maintain gaps between the balances of its foreign currency assets and liabilities. The limit imposed by the BRSA 
is defined as an amount plus/minus 20% of the total capital, which is the basis for capital adequacy calculation. 
Foreign currency trading is primarily performed for client servicing transactions, and positions should not 
exceed the Group’s end of day limit of EUR 60 million. The Group’s net foreign currency open position as of 
30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and December 2018 was as follows: 
 
Foreign Currency 
 
EUR 
U.S.$ 
Other 
Total 
 
(thousands) 
As of 30 September 2021 ...................................................................... 
1,260,795 
(1,156,757) 
1,757,885 
1,861,923 
As of 31 December 2020 ....................................................................... 
708,375 
(1,052,617) 
1,530,041 
1,185,799 
As of 31 December 2019 ....................................................................... 
183,072 
(189,606) 
1,158,328 
1,151,794 
As of 31 December 2018 ....................................................................... 
256,941 
(1,227,610) 
1,389,810 
419,141 
 
Because the Group translates such assets and liabilities and interest earned from and paid on those assets and 
liabilities into local currency (Turkish Lira), the Group’s income statement is affected by changes in exchange 
rates. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s results of operations depends on the rate 
of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. For the 
nine months ended 30 September 2021 and years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group recorded net 
foreign exchange loss of TL (6,081,486) thousand and TL (1,885,412) thousand, and TL (1,306,532) thousand, 
and for the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group recorded net foreign exchange loss of TL (12,106,462) 
thousand.  
The exchange rate of Turkish Lira to U.S. dollars has experienced increased volatility in recent years, with an 
overall depreciating trend. Following the coup attempt, the exchange rate reached then-record high levels, rising 
to TL 3.54 to U.S.$1 at the end of 2016 and TL 3.89 to U.S.$1 in January 2017. The Central Bank has responded 
by tightening measures, but for the year ended 31 December 2017, the Turkish Lira depreciated by 7%. In 
nominal terms, the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 12.9% between 31 December 2017 and 
December 2018 (to TL 5.26 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2018) as a result of heightened tensions in 
relations between Turkey and the United States, reaching as high as 51% from 30 June 2018 through 13 August 
2018 (from TL 4.56 to U.S.$1 as of 30 June 2018 to TL 6.88 to U.S.$1 as of 13 August 2018), at which time 
the Central Bank and the BRSA announced measures to support the financial markets and aimed at preventing 
volatility in the currency market, including increasing increase the policy rate by 625 bps to 24% in September 
2018 to tighten monetary policy, supporting the value of the Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar.  In nominal 
terms, the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 12.5% between 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2019 (to TL 5.94 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2019) due to due to volatility in the financial 
markets, a rise in risk premiums and uncertainties surrounding local elections, offset by appreciation in the

--- Page 145 ---
131 
 
 
second half of the year supported by favourable conditions for emerging markets. However, in nominal terms, 
the Turkish Lira again depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 12.9% between 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 (to TL 7.34 per U.S. dollar as of 31 December 2020) due to the COVID-19 pandemic and 
efforts to mitigate the effects of the pandemic, including reductions in interest rates to a negative real interest 
rate environment. In 2021, after the removal of Naci Ağbal and appointment of Şahap Kavcıoğlu, the Turkish 
Lira remained under pressure.  The Turkish Lira continued to depreciate to TL 8.84 per U.S. dollar as of 30 
September 2021 and the Turkish Lira reached TL 13.50 per U.S. dollar as of 24 November 2021, implying a 
37.5% depreciation since the end of September 2021. 
Depreciation of the Turkish Lira may have a negative impact on the asset quality of certain industries in Turkey, 
particularly those that rely on domestic revenues to fund foreign currency loans as well as creating a more 
uncertain environment for the valuation of Turkish assets. However, in light of this variable currency 
environment, the Group seeks to minimise its open foreign currency positions and the net balance sheet foreign 
currency position of the Group is not significant, and thus exchange rate fluctuations generally do not have a 
significant impact on the Group’s balance sheet directly.  
Exchange rate movements also affect the Turkish Lira equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency 
denominated assets and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the Turkish 
Lira appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies convert into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the Turkish Lira 
depreciates, then assets in foreign currency convert into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus reduce the capital adequacy ratios). For the year ended 31 December 2018, the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira had a negative impact of 171 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio. For 
the year ended 31 December 2019, the Turkish Lira had a negative impact of 25 bps on the Group’s capital 
adequacy ratio. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Turkish Lira had a negative impact of 153 bps on 
the Group’s capital adequacy ratio. For the nine months ended 30 September 2021, the depreciation of the 
Turkish Lira had a negative impact of 63 bps on the Group’s capital adequacy ratio excluding the positive 
impacts of the regulatory forbearances. In addition to the effect on capital adequacy, appreciations or 
depreciations of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar and other major currencies will have a corresponding 
decrease or increase, respectively, on the value of the Bank’s foreign currency denominated liabilities, affecting 
the Bank’s financial condition and on the cost of servicing foreign currency denominated debt, impacting the 
Bank’s results of operations. In addition, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira may adversely impact 
some of the Bank’s major borrowers, who are exposed to foreign exchange risk, which could result in an increase 
in NPLs, negatively affecting the Bank’s business. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has adopted a floating exchange rate regime. For a discussion thereof 
please refer to “—Reserve Requirements Ratios” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Turkey—The value of the 
Turkish Lira fluctuates against other currencies”.  
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio is comprised of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised 
cost. The portfolio primarily includes Government debt securities, both in local and foreign currency.  
The Group’s net financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to TL 28,508,985 
thousand as of 30 September 2021, TL 25,100,560 thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 26,900,612 thousand 
as of 31 December 2019 and TL 26,883,680 thousand as of 31 December 2018 and the Group’s net financial 
assets measured at amortised cost amounted to TL 74,472,408 thousand, TL 53,028,224 thousand, TL 
29,608,137 thousand and TL 22,805,679 thousand as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018 respectively. The Group also had a portfolio of financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss amounting to TL 642,108 thousand as of 30 September 2021, TL 676,765 as of 31 December 
2020, TL 573,197 as of 31 December 2019 and TL 248,156 thousand as of 31 December 2018. Interest income 
derived from the Group’s marketable securities portfolio amounted to TL 8,944,506 thousand for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2021, TL 7,150,575 for the year ended 31 December 2020, TL 5,447,042 for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 and TL 7,182,346 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018, accounting 
for 24.14%, 20.43%, 14.69% and 19.38% of total interest income for the respective periods. The Group’s CPI-
linked nominal volume was TL 50.4 billion as of 30 September 2021 (year-to-date increase of 24%) and TL 
40.8 billion as of 31 December 2020, with a gain of TL 9.6 million for the nine months ended 30 September

--- Page 146 ---
132 
 
 
2021. As of 30 September 2021, mark-to-market loss of the Group was at TL 67 million, compared with a gain 
of TL 213 million as of 31 December 2020. 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
 
 
 
 
As of and for the nine 
months  
ended 30 September 
2021 
 
As of and for the year 
ended 31 December 
2020 
 
  
(%) 
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest(1) .................. 
18.6 
12.0 
Net interest margin(2) ............................................................................................. 
2.8 
3.8 
Capital adequacy ratio(3) ........................................................................................ 
16.5 
17.2 
Cost to income(4) .................................................................................................... 
35.3 
33.4 
Free capital ratio(5) ................................................................................................. 
5.0 
3.8 
Non-performing loans to total cash loans(6) ........................................................... 
4.9 
6.2 
Cost to average total assets(7) ................................................................................. 
1.8 
1.9 
 
  
 
(1) 
Annualised return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest, calculated based on the average of shareholders’ equity (less 
intangible assets) at the end of the current period and shareholders’ equity (less intangible assets) at the end of the previous period. 
(2) 
Net interest income (swap adjusted) divided by average interest earning assets (based on Bank-only). 
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratio presented as of 30 September 2021 reflects the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”),  The capital adequacy ratio without forbearances would be 16,7%. 
(4) 
Represents non-interest expenses, excluding pensions fund provisions, divided by total operating income before provisions and non-interest 
expense (adjusted for trading income to hedge foreign currency rates, expected credit losses and collections). 
(5) 
Total shareholders’ equity excluding investment in associates, property and equipment, intangible assets, tax assets, deferred income tax assets, 
other assets, (NPL-provisions) divided by total assets. 
(6) 
Total non-performing loans divided by total cash loans. 
(7) 
Operating costs divided by the average of assets at the end of the current period and assets at the end of the previous year. 
 
Between 2010 and 2019, the Central Bank announced significant changes in bank reserve requirements for 
Turkish Lira and FX deposits with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as 
a macro prudential tool to support financial stability. The Central Bank’s aim is also to lengthen the maturities 
of assets flowing into the country and to address concerns that maturities of liabilities in the Turkish banking 
sector are shorter than those of assets, which in turn expose the sector to liquidity and interest rate risk. See 
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of 
Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, 
competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector” and “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Liquidity Reserve Requirement”.  
In 2016, following six years of increases, the Central Bank cut reserve requirement ratios three times to provide 
additional liquidity to markets. Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios were reduced by 150 bps in total for all 
maturity brackets, while reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency deposits were kept stable. 
The Central Bank has also implemented reserve option coefficients for the calculation of the respective foreign 
currency and gold amounts. The reserve option coefficient mechanism acts as an auto stabiliser for currency 
movements as it provides banks the flexibility to adjust their reserves at the Central Bank depending on their 
liquidity needs. On 24 July 2014, the Central Bank introduced an amendment to the Communiqué on Reserve 
Requirements requiring the respective foreign currency to be denominated only in U.S. dollars for the reserves 
set aside at an amount calculated according to reserve option coefficients. On 31 October 2016, the Central 
Bank decreased the coefficients for the second, third and fourth tranches of the foreign currency facility of the 
reserve option mechanism (“ROM”) by 0.2 points. On 17 November 2016, the coefficient for the first tranche 
of the foreign exchange facility of the ROM was unchanged, the second tranche was decreased by 0.1 point and 
the other tranches were decreased by 0.2 points, in each case, to provide additional foreign currency liquidity to 
the financial system. On 10 January 2017, the CBRT reduced the foreign currency reserve ratio by 50 bps for 
all maturity brackets. Moreover, on 6 November 2017, the CBRT revised the upper limit for the foreign 
exchange maintenance facility within the ROM framework and lowered it to 55% from 60% and all tranches 
have been reduced by 5 points. The remuneration rate on USD denominated required reserves (i) increased from 
1% to 1.25% on 19 June 2017, (ii) increased from 1.25% to 1.50% on 18 December 2017, (iii) increased from 
1.50% to 2.00% on 23 October 2018, and (iv) decreased to 1.00% from 2.00% on 5 August 2019.

--- Page 147 ---
133 
 
 
In May 2018, the upper limit for the FX maintenance facility within the ROM was lowered to 45% from 55%. 
On 6 August 2018, the upper limit for the FX maintenance facility within the ROM was lowered to 40 percent 
from 45 percent, with all tranches remaining stable.  Furthermore, on 13 August 2018, CBRT introduced 
amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to support the effective functioning of 
financial markets and the flexibility of the banks.  Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios have been reduced 
by 250 bps for all maturity brackets. Reserve requirement ratios for non-core FX liabilities have been reduced 
by 400 bps for up to three-year maturities and the maximum average maintenance facility for FX liabilities has 
been raised to 8 per cent.  In addition to U.S. dollars, euro can be used for the maintenance against Turkish Lira 
reserves under the reserve options mechanism. 
On 18 January 2019, CBRT decided to exclude deposits/participation funds of official institutions from the 
liabilities subject to reserve requirements.  On 16 February 2019, Turkish Lira reserve requirement were reduced 
by 100 bps for deposits and participation funds with maturities up to 1-year and for other liabilities with 
maturities up to (and including) 3-years, and by 50 bps for all other liabilities subject to reserve requirements.  
Furthermore, the upper limit of the facility of holding standard gold converted from wrought or scrap gold 
collected from residents has been increased from 5% to 10% of Turkish Lira reserve requirements. 
Moreover, on 9 May 2019, the upper limit for the FX maintenance facility within the reserve options mechanism 
was lowered from 40% to 30% and reserve requirement ratios for FX liabilities were increased by 100 bps for 
all maturity brackets. On 27 May 2019, reserve requirement ratios for FX deposits/participation funds increased 
by 200 bps for all maturity brackets. On 7 August 2019, reserve requirement ratios for FX deposits/participation 
funds increased by 100 bps for all maturity brackets, and the remuneration rate for U.S. dollar-denominated 
required reserves, reserve options and free reserves held at the CBRT has been decreased by 100 bps and set as 
1 percent. Accordingly, with the amendments made to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements on 7 
August 2019, effective as of 26 July 2019, the Central Bank’s reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency 
deposits up to one year stood at 16.00% and foreign currency deposits over one year maturity remained stable 
at 12.00%. The Central Bank’s reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency other liabilities stood at 21% (up 
to and including one year maturity), 16% (between one to two years maturity), 11% (between two to three years 
maturity), 7% (between three to five years) and 5% (over five years maturity). With the intention of using 
reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as a macro prudential tool to support financial stability, the 
CBRT decided to change the ratio of, and remuneration applied to, required reserves. On 19 August 2019, the 
CBRT linked the reserve ratios to the annual growth rates of Turkish lira-denominated cash loans. For banks 
whose loan growth is between 10% and 20% (reference values), the reserve requirement ratios for Turkish lira 
liabilities in all maturity brackets excluding deposits and participation funds with 1-year or longer maturity and 
other liabilities with longer than 3-year maturity was set at 2%. The reserve requirement ratios for other banks 
are left unchanged. Additionally, the current remuneration rate of 13% applied to Turkish lira-denominated 
required reserves, set at 15% for banks with a loan growth between the reference values and at 5% to others. On 
20 September 2019, reserve requirement ratios for FX deposits/participation funds increased by 100 basis points 
for all maturity brackets.  
On 9 December 2019, a revision was made in the reserve requirements considering the fall in interest rates 
driven by the improvement in inflation and expectations, and the recovery trend in economic activity. According 
to new regulation, banks will be able to benefit from reserve requirement incentives i) For banks with a real 
annual loan growth above 15%: If their adjusted real loan growth rate, which is calculated by deducting the 
entire real changes in the commercial loans with a two-year and longer maturity and housing loans with a five-
year and longer maturity from the numerator of the growth rate formula, is below 15%. ii) For banks with a real 
annual loan growth rate below 15%: If their adjusted real loan growth rate, which is calculated by deducting 
50% of the real change in retail loans excluding housing loans with a five-year and longer maturity from the 
numerator of the growth rate formula, is above 5%. On 28 December 2020, CBRT increased reserve requirement 
ratios for FX deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets and applied these ratios 
200 basis points lower for banks that comply with the TL real loan growth conditions to ensure that these banks 
are not affected by this increase. 
On 18 January 2020, the upper limit of the facility of holding standard gold decreased from 30% to 20% of 
Turkish Lira reserve requirements. Moreover, the upper limit of the facility of holding standard gold converted 
from wrought or scrap gold collected from residents increased from 10% to 15% of Turkish lira reserve 
requirements in order to bring out gold savings into the economy. On 7 March 2020, the CBRT introduced some 
changes in the reserve requirement regulation. Non mortgage retail lending further disincentivized (25% of the

--- Page 148 ---
134 
 
 
real growth to be considered). TL loans disbursement to facilitate early repayment/restructuring of FX loans 
will not be considered. In addition, selected sectors have been prioritized (agriculture, mining, manufacturing 
(excluding tobacco and alcoholic beverages), energy, transportation, accommodation & food services, and 
information & communication). 
On 17 March 2020, the CBRT reduced the FX reserve requirement ratios by 500 bps for banks that met real 
credit growth conditions in order to contain possible adverse effects of the global uncertainty led by COVID-
19 on the Turkish economy. As part of the normalization process, on 18 July 2020, the CBRT increased FX 
reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in all liability types and maturity brackets for all banks. 
On 20 June 2020, the CBRT temporarily suspended the enforcement of the rule of having adjusted real loan 
growth rate below 15% for the banks with a real annual loan growth rate above 15% in order to be able to benefit 
from reserve requirement incentives until the end of the year. On 18 July 2020 the CBRT announced that it 
increased FX reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in all liability types and maturity brackets for all 
banks. On 20 August 2020, the CBRT decided to raise FX reserve requirement ratios for banks fulfilling real 
credit growth conditions by 700 basis points for precious metal deposit accounts and by 200 basis points for all 
other FX liabilities for all maturity brackets. Moreover, TL reserve requirement ratios increased by 200 basis 
points for all deposits/participation funds liabilities with a maturity up to 6 months and other liabilities with a 
maturity up to 1 year, and by 150 basis points for other liabilities with a maturity up to 3 years. 
Basel III Transition 
In September 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements and has been 
implementing various measures. As a result, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Turkish banks are subject to 
Basel III capital adequacy requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and 
counterparty credit risk measurements.  
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the regulatory capital regulations in Turkey with 
a view to aligning the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements. These amendments were 
published in the Official Gazette numbered 29511 and entered into force on 31 March 2016. In summary, these 
new regulations included the following changes: (i) certain amendments to the Equity Regulation, (a) 
clarifications to the eligibility requirements of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments, and (b) amendments to 
the regulatory treatment of certain capital items that are taken into account for the purposes of calculating 
regulatory capital of the banks; (ii) certain amendments to the regulations regarding the Internal Systems and 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks, which impose new regulatory requirements to enhance 
the effectiveness of the internal risk management and internal capital adequacy assessment by introducing, 
among others things, new stress test requirements; and (iii) the introduction of the 2016 Capital Adequacy 
Regulation to replace the existing Capital Adequacy Regulation. On 20 January 2016, the BRSA introduced 
certain amendments to existing regulations with a view to continuing its efforts to adopt Basel III requirements. 
These amendments were published in the Official Gazette numbered 29599 and entered into force on 31 March 
2016, except for the amendments relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios which entered 
into force on 20 January 2016. The amendments relate to equity requirements, liquidity coverage ratios, internal 
systems and internal capital adequacy ratios, capital adequacy requirements, risk assessment models and 
calculation of market risk, credit risk calculations, credit risk mitigation methods, risk management disclosures 
and financial statement disclosures.  
Pursuant to the BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer, the countercyclical capital buffer for 
Turkish banks’ exposures in Turkey has initially been set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Turkey 
(effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio might fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from 
time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the countercyclical capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year 
after the relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective as of the date of the relevant 
public announcement.  
The BRSA published amendments to the Equity Regulation in the Official Gazette dated 20 January 2016 and 
numbered 29599, with such amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. Such amendments introduced 
certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital calculations of banks that have issued old-style 
Additional Tier 1 and old-style Tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014 and some adjustments in capital 
deduction items. Accordingly, as of 31 March 2016, the old-style Tier 2 instruments treated under the Bank’s 
Tier 2 capital are subject to greater deduction in such capital treatment. First, the amortisation of the

--- Page 149 ---
135 
 
 
grandfathering treatment for old-style Tier 2 instruments will increase with the deduction for such capital 
treatment increasing from 20% to 40% for 2016. Second, foreign exchange rates of 1 January 2013 (rather than 
1 January 2015) will be used as the maximum threshold in the valuation of such old-style Tier 2 instruments in 
the capital calculations of the banks. Lastly, on 22 June 2016, the BRSA introduced an amendment to the Equity 
Regulation to change the items taken into account in equity calculation with an enforcement date of 1 January 
2017, and also published a draft Communiqué on Principles for Debt Instruments to be Included in Equity 
Calculations by Banks to introduce certain rules in relation to conversion and write-down of debt instruments 
to be included in additional Tier I or Tier II capital.  
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation introducing a methodology for assessing the 
degree to which banks are systemically important in the domestic market. The contemplated methodology 
requires the identification of the Turkish D-SIBs under four different categories based on their 2014 year-end 
consolidated financial statements, and requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1 to 3% of 
additional core capital (ilave çekirdek sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets. This additional core capital 
requirement that came into effect on 31 March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below. 
Groups 
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
from 1 January 
2019 
4th group (empty) ..................................................................... 
0.75 
1.5 
2.25 
3 
3rd group................................................................................... 
0.5 
1 
1.5 
2 
2nd group .................................................................................. 
0.375 
0.75 
1.125 
1.5 
1st group ................................................................................... 
0.25 
0.5 
0.75 
1 
The Bank was classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, and was classified into the second group for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Change in credit cards and overdraft accounts cap rates 
In October 2020 the CBRT created a rule-based method for determining the maximum interest rates for credit 
cards. This rule-based method calculates the maximum interest rates for credit cards based on a reference rate 
according to the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles Regarding the Fees That Banks Can Charge Their 
Commercial Clients and will be determined on monthly basis. As of 1 December 2021, the monthly maximum 
contractual interest rate on credit card transactions in Turkish Lira is at 1.80% and the monthly maximum 
overdue interest rate is at 2.10%, whereas the monthly maximum contractual interest rate on credit card 
transactions in foreign exchange is at 1.44% and the monthly maximum overdue interest rate is at 1.74%. 
On 27 May 2013, the Central Bank made an amendment in the Communiqué on Interest Rates of Deposits and 
Loans and Other Benefits from Lending Transactions. In this regard, the Central Bank introduced an interest 
rate cap on overdraft loans. Accordingly, the maximum interest rates charged on overdraft accounts will not 
exceed that of credit cards stated above. Such reductions have continued to have a negative impact on the Bank’s 
interest income for the periods under review. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended 30 September 2021 and 2020 
The Group’s net profit was TL 6,932,279 thousand in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, indicating an 
increase of 61% compared to net profit of TL 4,314,557 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 
2020. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in net interest income despite the high interest rate 
environment  The Group’s cost to income ratio was 35.3% for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
compared to 31.4% for the nine months ended 30 September 2020. Costs grew below average inflation over the 
period despite challenging macroeconomic conditions and continued investment in business growth. 
The table below summarises the Group’s income statement for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and 
2020, the components of which are described in greater detail below  
  
For the nine months ended 30 September  
  
  
2021 
 
2020 
 
% Change 
  
(TL thousands) 
Income Statement Data 
  
  
  
Interest income .................................................................................................... 
37,059,913  
24,649,209  
50.35 
Interest expense ................................................................................................... 
(21,531,183) 
(11,937,036) 
80.37 
Net interest income ............................................................................................ 
15,528,730 
12,712,173 
22.16

--- Page 150 ---
136 
 
 
  
For the nine months ended 30 September  
  
  
2021 
 
2020 
 
% Change 
Net fees and commissions income ....................................................................... 
5,703,146  
4,249,799  
34.20 
Dividend income.................................................................................................. 
15,685  
16,006  
(2.01) 
Trading gain/(loss) (net) ...................................................................................... 
(2,582,941) 
1,408,278  
(283.41) 
Other operating income ....................................................................................... 
1,691,400  
1,210,878  
39.68 
Gross profit from operating activities .............................................................. 
20,356,020  
19,597,134 
3.87 
Provision for expected losses ............................................................................... 
(4,048,482) 
(7,236,429) 
(44.05) 
Other operating expenses ..................................................................................... 
(4,139,809) 
(3,421,951) 
20.98 
Other provision expenses ..................................................................................... 
(193,267) 
(734,896) 
(73.70) 
Personnel expenses .............................................................................................. 
(3,082,562) 
(2,757,505) 
11.79 
Net operating profit/(loss) ................................................................................. 
8,891,900 
5,446,353 
63.26 
Profit/Loss from From Equity Method Applied Subsidiaries .............................. 
96,721  
61,785 
56.54 
Profit/(loss) before taxes from continuing operations ..................................... 
8,988,621  
5,508,138  
63.19 
Tax provisions for continuing operations (±) ....................................................... 
(2,056,342) 
(1,193,581) 
72.28 
Net profit/loss ..................................................................................................... 
6,932,279  
4,314,557  
60.67 
Minority shares .................................................................................................... 
189  
125  
51.20 
Group’s profit/loss ............................................................................................. 
6,932,090  
4,314,432  
60.67 
  
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
 
 
 
 
As of and for the nine 
months  
ended 30 September 2021 
 
As of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
 
  
(%) 
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest(1) ......... 
18.6 
12.0 
Net interest margin(2) .................................................................................... 
2.8 
3.8 
Capital adequacy ratio(3) ............................................................................... 
16.5 
17.2 
Cost to income(4) ........................................................................................... 
35.3 
33.4 
Free capital ratio(5) ........................................................................................ 
5.0 
3.8 
Non-performing loans to total cash loans(6) .................................................. 
4.9 
6.2 
Cost to average total assets(7) ........................................................................ 
1.8 
1.9 
  
 
(1) 
Annualised return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest, calculated based on the average of shareholders’ equity (less 
intangible assets) at the end of the current period and shareholders’ equity (less intangible assets) at the end of the previous period.  
(2) 
Net interest income (swap adjusted) divided by average interest earning assets (based on Bank-only). 
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratio presented as of 30 September 2021 reflects the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratio without forbearances would be 16.7% 
(4) 
Represents non-interest expenses, excluding pensions fund provisions, divided by total operating income before provisions and non-interest 
expense (adjusted for trading income to hedge foreign currency rates, expected credit losses and collections). 
(5) 
Total shareholders’ equity excluding investment in associates, property and equipment, intangible assets, tax assets, deferred income tax assets, 
other assets, (NPL-provisions) divided by total assets. 
(6) 
Total non-performing loans divided by total cash loans. 
(7) 
Operating costs divided by the average of assets at the end of the current period and assets at the end of the previous period. 
  
Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared on an annual basis. 
Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  
The Group’s net interest income increased by 22.16% to TL 15,528,730 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021 from TL 12,712,173 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 primarily due to 
an increase of 50% in interest income, partially offset by an 80% increase in interest expense due to significantly 
higher deposit costs. Interest income from performing loans increased by 37%, primarily due to a 53% increase 
in interest income from TL performing loans, supported by a 111% increase in interest income from marketable 
securities arising from income from CPI-linked securities given higher CPI reading on a year on year basis. The 
Group’s interest expense increased by 80% in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 as compared to the 
nine months ended 30 September 2020, primarily driven by a 93% increase in interest expense on Turkish Lira 
deposits (which constitute 49% of the Group’s interest expense) due to the increasing interest rate environment 
throughout the first 9 months of the year.  The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest on 
loans, which amounted to TL 25,886,810 thousand (70% of total interest income) for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021, an increase of 37% compared to TL 18,910,833 thousand (76.72% of total interest income) 
for the corresponding period in 2020. The Group’s remaining interest income mainly derives from interest 
received from marketable securities, which amounted to TL 8,944,506 thousand (24.14% of the Group’s total

--- Page 151 ---
137 
 
 
interest income) in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, an increase of 111% compared to TL 4,246,544 
thousand (17.23% of the Group’s total interest income) for the corresponding period in 2020. The increase was 
primarily due to interest income received from TL securities and to the Group’s CPI linker income, which 
increased to TL 6,310 million as of 30 September 2021 from TL 2,521 million as of the same period of 2020. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s cumulative net interest margin (net interest income divided by average 
interest earning assets, Bank only) was 4.3%, which increased from 4.2% as of the same period of 2020. As of 
30 September 2021 on a swap-adjusted basis, the Bank’s cumulative net interest margin was 2.8%, which 
decreased from 3.8% as of 31 December 2020 mainly due to higher deposit costs, a narrowing of the loan-
deposit spread, and an increase in swap costs.  
As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s revenue margin (on a consolidated basis) decreased by 87 bps to 4.4%, 
as compared to 5.3% as of 31 December 2020. 
Net Fees and Commission Income  
The Group’s net fees and commission income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 amounted to TL 
5,703,146 thousand, an increase of 34.20% from TL 4,249,799 thousand for the nine months ended 30 
September 2020. This increase was mainly driven by increased fees and commissions from both transactional 
banking and payment systems.  
As of 30 September 2021, of the total net fees and commissions received by the Bank, 43.4% came from card 
payment systems (an increase of 46% compared to 30 September 2020), which was primarily the result of 
increase in interest rates, as compared to same period previous year and increased transactional activity, 33.2% 
from lending related activity (a decrease of 36.7% compared to 30 September 2020), 10.5% from bancassurance 
(an decrease of 11.7% compared to 30 September 2020), 6.7% from money transfers (a increaseof 5.7% 
compared to 30 September 2020), 5.5% from investment products (an increase of 5.7% compared to 30 
September 2020). See “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS 
Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income  
Other operating income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 was TL 1,691,400 thousand, an increase 
of 39.68% from TL 1,210,878 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2020. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the nine months ended 30 September 
2021 amounted to TL 4,241,749 thousand, a decrease of 46.79% from TL 7,971,325 thousand for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2020. In the nine months ended 30 September 2021, the Group’s allowance for 
expected credit losses has decreased due to the Group’s historic stance in reclassifying certain loans on a 
prudential basis and negative net NPL inflows in the period. Management expects NPL inflows to start 
normalizing from fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, resulting in somewhat higher provisioning in 2022 as 
compared to 2021.  
In 2021, the Bank took significant measures on asset quality, both in terms of classification of loans and 
coverage.  Accordingly, the Bank’s Stage 2 loans increased to 15.1% (14.9% on a comparable basis, i,e,, without 
accounting for temporary forbearances relating to COVID-19 (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures” in the Base Prospectus)) of total loans as of 30 September 
2021 from 14.9% as of 30 September 2020,  Meanwhile, coverage increased to 18% from 17% as of the same 
periods.  The main driver of the increase in the ratio of Stage 2 loans was the Bank’s prudent asset quality 
approach and intensification of restructurings in 2021.  The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans decreased 
to 5.0% (5.4% on a comparable basis) as of 30 September 2021 from 6.1% as of 30 September 2020 due to 
write-off of 100% provisioned receivables amounting to TL 1,104 million and negative net NPL inflows. In all, 
with 1.03% coverage in Stage 1 loans, total provisions per gross loans amounted to 7.1% as of 30 September 
2021 compared to 7.4% as of 30 September 2020. 
The total cost of risk (calculated as expected credit losses minus collections including specific provision 
reversals divided by average gross loans) decreased to 0.98% (0.51% excluding foreign exchange impact) in 
the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to 2.91% (2.23% excluding foreign exchange impact) for 
the corresponding period in 2020.

--- Page 152 ---
138 
 
 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 TL 7,222,371 thousand, an increase of 
16.88% from TL 6,179,456 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2020. The increase for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2020 was below average inflation primarily due to controlled cost growth. As of 
30 September 2021, the Bank had 826 branches (including 751 retail branches, 20 private banking branches, 4 
corporate branches and 45 commercial branches, three mobile branches, one free zone branch, one custody 
branch and one branch abroad). The total number of the Group’s employees decreased to 16,645 as of 30 
September 2021, as compared to 17,227 as of 30 September 2020. 
 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Year Ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
The Group’s net profit was TL 5,079,683 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2020, an increase of 41% 
compared to net profit of TL 3,600,186 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was 
primarily driven by successful asset liability management and trading activities as well as significant 
contribution from CPI linker income in 2020. The Group’s cost to income ratio was 33.4% for the year ended 
31 December 2020 compared to 34.9% for the year ended 31 December 2019.  Costs grew over the period due 
to regulatory changes, macroeconomic conditions and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of 
which is also reflected on expected credit loss based on the Bank’s assumptions for macroeconomic variables. 
The table below summarises the Group’s income statement for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the 
components of which are described in greater detail below:  
  
  
For the year ended 31 December  
  
  
2020 
 
2019 
 
% Change 
 
  
(TL thousands) 
Income Statement Data 
  
  
  
Interest income .................................................................................................... 
35,000,149 
37,851,770
(7.53) 
Interest expense ................................................................................................... 
(16,969,223)
(22,320,754)
(23.98) 
Net interest income............................................................................................ 
18,030,926
15,531,016
16.10 
Net fees and commissions income ...................................................................... 
5,754,236 
5,528,746 
4.08 
Dividend income ................................................................................................. 
17,158 
16,972 
1.10 
Trading gain/(loss) (net) ...................................................................................... 
419,706 
(1,434,837)
(129.25) 
Other operating income ....................................................................................... 
1,601,279 
1,493,314 
7.23 
Gross profit from operating activities ............................................................. 
25,823,305
21,135,211
22.18 
Provision for expected losses .............................................................................. 
(9,714,586)
(8,983,811)
8.13 
Other operating expenses .................................................................................... 
(5,068,886)
(4,269,580)
18.72 
Other provision expenses .................................................................................... 
(475,061)
(47,914)
891.49 
Personnel expenses ............................................................................................. 
(3,856,797)
(3,394,078)
13.63 
Net operating profit/(loss) ................................................................................. 
6,707,975
4,439,828
51.09 
Profit/ Loss From Equity Method Applied Subsidiaries ..................................... 
89,133 
93,952
(5.13) 
Profit/(loss) before taxes from continuing operations .................................... 
6,797,108 
4,533,780
49.92 
Tax provisions for continuing operations (±) ...................................................... 
(1,717,425)
(933,594)
83.96 
Net profit/loss .................................................................................................... 
5,079,683 
3,600,186
41.10 
Minority shares ................................................................................................... 
165 
126
30.95 
Group’s profit/loss ............................................................................................ 
5,079,518 
3,600,060
41.10 
 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
  
 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December  
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
  
(%) 
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest(1) ..............................  
12.0 
9.4 
Net interest margin(2) ..........................................................................................................  
3.8 
3.5 
Capital adequacy ratio(3) .....................................................................................................  
17.2 
16.7 
Cost to income(4) ................................................................................................................  
33.4 
34.9 
Free capital ratio(5) .............................................................................................................  
3.8 
3.8 
Non-performing loans to total cash loans(6) ........................................................................  
6.2 
7.4 
Cost to average total assets(7) .............................................................................................  
1.9 
1.9

--- Page 153 ---
139 
 
 
  
(1) 
Annualised return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest, calculated based on the average of shareholders’ equity (less 
intangible assets) at the end of the current period and shareholders’ equity (less intangible assets) at the end of the previous period.  
(2) 
Net interest income (swap adjusted) divided by average interest earning assets (based on Bank-only). 
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratio presented as of 31 December 2020 reflects the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy” in the Base Prospectus).  The capital adequacy ratio without forbearances would be 16.7% 
(4) 
Represents non-interest expenses, excluding pensions fund provisions, divided by total operating income before provisions and non-interest 
expense (adjusted for trading income to hedge foreign currency rates, expected credit losses and collections). 
(5) 
Total shareholders’ equity excluding investment in associates, property and equipment, intangible assets, tax assets, deferred income tax assets, 
other assets, (NPL-provisions) divided by total assets. 
(6) 
Total non-performing loans divided by total cash loans. 
(7) 
Operating costs divided by the average of assets at the end of the current period and assets at the end of the previous period. 
  
Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared on an annual basis. 
Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  
The Group’s net interest income increased by 16% to TL 18,030,926 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2020 from TL 15,531,016 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. Net interest income increased despite 
the lower interest rate environment for most of 2020 due to a relatively limited decrease in interest income of 
8% that was offset a more significant decrease in interest expense of 24%.  Interest income from performing 
loans decreased by 11%, primarily due to a 15% decrease in interest income from TL performing loans, but was 
partially offset by a 31% increase in interest income from marketable securities arising from income from CPI-
linked securities. The Group’s interest expense decreased by 24% in the year ended 31 December 2020 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, primarily driven by a 40% decrease in interest expense on 
Turkish Lira deposits (which constitute 46% of the Group’s interest expense) due to the decreasing interest rate 
environment throughout most of the year. 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest on loans, which amounted to TL 25,718,793 
thousand (73.48% of total interest income) for the year ended 31 December 2020, a decrease of 11% compared 
to TL 29,046,377 thousand (76.74% of total interest income) for the previous year. The decrease was mainly 
attributable to interest income received from lower rates on TL loans, despite the higher volume The Group’s 
remaining interest income mainly derives from interest received from marketable securities, which amounted 
to TL 7,150,575 thousand (20.43% of the Group’s total interest income) in the year ended 31 December 2020, 
an increase of 31% compared to TL 5,447,042 thousand (14.39% of the Group’s total interest income) for the 
previous year. The increase was primarily due to the Group’s CPI linker income, which increased to TL 4,587 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from TL 2,692 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 due 
to higher overall inflation rates from a low base in 2019. As of 31 December 2020, the Bank’s cumulative swap 
adjusted net interest margin (net interest income divided by average interest earning assets, Bank only) was 
3.78%, which increased from 3.47% as of 31 December 2019 primarily due to an increase in the net interest 
margin derived from the Group’s core banking activities as well as the increase in the CPI linker valuation of 
11.89% as of 31 December 2020 compared to 8.5% as of 31 December 2019.  However, such margin is expected 
to compress in the beginning of 2021 with the higher interest rate environment leading to faster repricing of 
liabilities relative to assets. The Bank expects net interest margin to decline by approximately 30 bps (excluding 
potential impact from CPI linkers) in 2021. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s revenue margin (on a consolidated basis) increased by 6 bps to 5.29%, 
as compared to 5.23% as of 31 December 2019. 
Net Fees and Commission Income  
The Group’s net fees and commission income for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to TL 5,754,236 
thousand, an increase of 4% from TL 5,528,746 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase 
was mainly driven by increases in insurance and asset management fees despite regulatory changes and the 
Bank’s support for customers (including loan postponements) in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As of 31 December 2020, of the total net fees and commissions received by the Bank, 39.9% came from card 
payment systems (a decrease of 4% compared to 31 December 2019), which was primarily the result of 
regulatory changes impacting fees as well as stable transactional activity), 36.7% from lending related activity 
(a decrease of 2% compared to 31 December 2019), 13.8% from bancassurance (an increase of 63% compared 
to 31 December 2019), 6.1% from money transfers (a decrease of 37% compared to 31 December 2019), 3.5% 
from investment products (an increase of 32% compared to 31 December 2019). See “Turkish Regulatory

--- Page 154 ---
140 
 
 
Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest 
Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income  
Other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2020 was TL 1,601,279 thousand, an increase of 7.23% 
from TL 1,493,314 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 
amounted to TL 9,714,586 thousand, an increase of 8.13% from TL 8,983,811 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2019. Allowance for expected credit losses under TFRS 9, including provisions for financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets measured at amortised cost, other assets and 
cash and non-cash loans, increased by 12.82% during the year ended 31 December 2020 to TL 10,189,647 
thousand. Given the challenging Turkish macroeconomic conditions in the year ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020, in addition to the provisioning for prudential purposes in 2019, the Group’s allowance for 
expected credit losses has increased due to both realized impacts on asset quality and the Group’s stance in 
reclassifying certain loans on a prudential basis. 
In 2020, the Bank took significant measures on asset quality, both in terms of classification of loans and 
coverage.  Accordingly, the Bank’s Stage 2 loans increased to 15.9% (15.6% on a comparable basis, i.e., without 
accounting for temporary forbearances relating to COVID-19 (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures” in the Base Prospectus)) of total loans as of 31 December 
2020 from 15.1% as of 31 December 2019.  Meanwhile, coverage increased to 17.5% from 13.3% as of the 
same periods.  The main driver of the increase in the ratio of Stage 2 loans was the Bank’s prudent asset quality 
approach and intensification of restructurings in 2020.  The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans decreased 
to 6.4% (6.8% on a comparable basis) as of 31 December 2020 from 7.6% as of 31 December 2019 due to 
prudent measures taken by the bank, such as additional provisions related to COVID-19, regulatory forbearances 
and postponed portfolios.  In all, with 78% coverage in Stage 1 loans, total provisions per gross loans amounted 
to 8.1% as of 31 December 2020 compared to 7.2% as of 31 December 2019. 
The total cost of risk (calculated as expected credit losses minus collections including specific provision 
reversals divided by total gross loans) decreased to 2.90% (2.51% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in 
the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to 3.07% (2.92% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in 2019. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 were TL 8,925,683 thousand, an increase of 
16.47% from TL 7,663,658 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase for the year ended 31 
December 2020 was above inflation primarily due to precautionary measures taken against the pandemic and 
IT infrastructure investments, despite an overall cautious approach on cost growth. As of 31 December 2020, 
the Bank had 835 branches (including 760 retail and SME branches, 20 private banking branches, 4 corporate 
branches and 45 commercial branches, one free zone branch, one custody branch, one branch abroad and three 
satellite branches). The total number of employees of the Group decreased to 16,871 as of 31 December 2020, 
as compared to 17,466 as of 31 December 2019. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Year Ended 31 December 2019 and 2018  
The Group’s net profit was TL 3,600,186 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2019 compared to net profit 
of TL 4,667,538 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018, a decrease of 22.87%, which was primarily 
driven by the challenging macroeconomic environment, recognition of provision expenses as well as lower CPI 
linker income in 2019. The Group’s cost to income ratio increased to 36.1% for the year ended 31 December 
2019 from 33.4% for the year ended 31 December 2018 driven primarily by lower CPI linker income in 2019. 
The table below summarises the Group’s income statement for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the 
components of which are described in greater detail below:  
  
For the year ended 31 December  
  
  
2019 
 
2018 
 
% Change

--- Page 155 ---
141 
 
 
  
For the year ended 31 December  
  
  
(TL thousands) 
Income Statement Data 
  
  
  
Interest income .................................................................................................... 
37,851,770
35,508,387
6.60
Interest expense ................................................................................................... 
(22,320,754)
(21,011,923)
6.23
Net interest income............................................................................................ 
15,531,016
14,496,464 
7.14
Net fees and commissions income ...................................................................... 
5,528,746 
4,236,344
30.51
Dividend income ................................................................................................. 
16,972 
14,567 
16.51
Trading gain/(loss) (net) ...................................................................................... 
(1,434,837)
(81,168)
1667.74
Other operating income ....................................................................................... 
1,493,314 
1,255,118 
18.98
Gross profit from operating activities ............................................................. 
21,135,211
19,921,325
6.09
Provision for expected losses .............................................................................. 
(8,983,811)
(7,131,834)
25.97
Other operating expenses .................................................................................... 
(4,269,580)
(3,633,384)
17.51
Other provision expenses .................................................................................... 
(47,914)
(172,432)
(72.21)
Personnel expenses ............................................................................................. 
(3,394,078)
(3,051,597)
11.22
Net operating profit/(loss) ................................................................................. 
4,439,828
5,932,078 
(25.16)
Profit/Loss from equity method applied subsidiaries/Income/(loss) from 
investments accounted based on equity method .................................................. 
93,952
115,817 
(18.88)
Profit/(loss) before taxes from continuing operations .................................... 
4,533,780
6,047,895
(25.04)
Tax provisions for continuing operations (±) ...................................................... 
(933,594)
(1,380,357) 
(32.37)
Net profit/loss .................................................................................................... 
3,600,186
4,667,538 
(22.87)
Minority shares ................................................................................................... 
126
112
12.50
Group’s profit/loss ............................................................................................ 
3,600,060
4,667,426
(22.87)
 
The following table provides certain of the Group’s key ratios as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 
  
 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December  
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
  
(%) 
Return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest(1) ............................. 
12.0 
9.4 
Net interest margin(2) ......................................................................................................... 
3.8 
3.5 
Capital adequacy ratio ....................................................................................................... 
17.2 
16.7 
Cost to income(3) ............................................................................................................... 
33.4 
34.9 
Free capital ratio(4) ............................................................................................................ 
3.8 
3.8 
Non-performing loans to total cash loans(5) ....................................................................... 
6.2 
7.4 
Cost to average total assets(6) ............................................................................................ 
1.9 
1.9 
  
Notes: 
(1) 
Annualised return on average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest, calculated based on the average of shareholders’ equity (less 
intangible assets) at the end of the current period and shareholders’ equity (less intangible assets) at the end of the previous period.  
(2) 
Net interest income (swap adjusted) divided by average interest earning assets (based on Bank-only). 
(3) 
Represents non-interest expenses, excluding pensions fund provisions, divided by total operating income before provisions and non-interest 
expense (adjusted for trading income to hedge foreign currency rates, expected credit losses and collections). 
(4) 
Total shareholders’ equity excluding investment in associates, property and equipment, intangible assets, tax assets, deferred income tax assets, 
other assets, (NPL-provisions) divided by total assets. 
(5) 
Total non-performing loans divided by total cash loans. 
(6) 
Operating costs divided by the average of assets at the end of the current period and assets at the end of the previous period. 
  
Key ratios related to profit and loss items are compared on an annual basis. 
Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  
Based on the BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s net interest income 
was TL 15,531,016 thousand, an increase of 7.14% compared to TL 14,496,464 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2018, primarily driven by a higher interest rate environment for most of 2019, as well as a 13.10% 
increase in interest income received from performing loans due to an increase in the volume of loans driven by 
CGF loans as well as the Group’s focus on small ticket retail loans. The Group’s interest expense increased by 
6.23% in the year ended 31 December 2019 as compared to the year ended 31 December 2018, primarily driven 
by a 8.04% increase in interest expense on Turkish Lira deposits (which constitute 69.37% of the Group’s 
interest expense) due to an increase in deposit volume as well as the interest rate environment. This increase in 
interest expense was offset by an increase in interest income of 7% over the same period.

--- Page 156 ---
142 
 
 
The Group’s interest income is primarily attributable to interest on loans, which amounted to TL 29,046,377 
thousand (76.74% of total interest income) for the year ended 31 December 2019, an increase of 13.10% 
compared to TL 25,681,345 thousand (72.32% of total interest income) for the previous year. The increase was 
mainly attributable to interest income received from a higher volume of and higher rates on TL loans. The 
Group’s remaining interest income mainly derives from interest received from marketable securities, which 
amounted to TL 5,447,042 thousand (14.39% of the Group’s total interest income) in the year ended 31 
December 2019, an decrease of 24.16% compared to TL 7,182,346 thousand (20.23% of the Group’s total 
interest income) for the previous year. The decrease was primarily due to the Group’s CPI linker income, which 
decreased to TL 2,692 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 from TL 4,735 million for the year ended 
31 December 2018 due to lower overall inflation rates from the high base of 2018. As of 31 December 2019, 
the Bank’s cumulative swap adjusted net interest margin (net interest income divided by average interest earning 
assets, Bank only) was 3.4%, which decreased from 4.1% as of 31 December 2018 primarily due to the 
difference between the CPI linker valuation of 8.55% as of 31 December 2019 compared to 25.2% as of 31 
December 2018. Excluding CPI-linker income, the Bank’s cumulative swap adjusted net interest margin would 
have increased by 26 bps. As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s revenue margin (on a consolidated basis) 
decreased by 49 bps to 4.8%, as compared to 5.3% as of 31 December 2018. 
Net Fees and Commission Income  
The Group’s net fees and commission income for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to TL 5,528,746 
thousand, an increase of 30.51% from TL 4,236,344 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. This 
increase was mainly driven by increases in payment system fees and transactional banking fees. 
As of 31 December 2019, of the total net fees and commissions received by the Bank, 40.0% came from card 
payment systems (an increase of 18% compared to 31 December 2018, which was primarily the result of the 
Group’s strong leading position in the cards business), 38.3% from lending related activity (an increase of 32% 
compared to 31 December 2018, which was supported by the 35% year-over-year increase in fees received from 
non-cash loans), 8.6% from bancassurance (an increase of 60% compared to 31 December 2018), 9.8% from 
money transfers (an increase of 38% compared to 31 December 2018), 2.2% from asset management fees, and 
1.1% from brokerage fees.  Caps on certain fees were imposed with effect as of 1 March 2020 and 1 April 2020, 
which will likely put pressure on total net fees and commissions in 2020. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment—Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest 
Rates and Fees for Commercial Customers”. 
Other Operating Income  
Other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2019 was TL 1,493,314 thousand, an increase of 
18.98% from TL 1,255,118 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. 
 Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 
Allowance for expected credit losses and other provision expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 
amounted to TL 9,031,725 thousand, an increase of 26.30% from TL 7,304,266 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2018. Loan loss provisions (specific and general) increased by 23.65% during the year ended 31 
December 2019, while provisions for impairment of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets measured at amortised cost, other 
assets and cash and non-cash loans increased by 23.65% during the year ended 31 December 2019 to TL 
9,031,725 thousand.  Given the challenging Turkish macroeconomic conditions in the year ended 31 December 
2019, the Group’s allowance for expected credit losses increased due to both realized impacts on asset quality 
due to weak economic conditions in Turkey in 2019 and the Group’s stance in reclassifying certain loans from 
Stage 1 to Stage 2 and from Stage 2 to Stage 3 on a prudential basis.   
In 2019, the Bank took significant measures on asset quality, both in terms of classification of loans and 
coverage.  Accordingly, the Bank’s Stage 2 loans increased to 15.1% of total loans as of 31 December 2019 
from 14.5% as of 31 December 2018.  Meanwhile, coverage increased to 13% from 11% as of the same periods.  
The main driver of the increase in the ratio of Stage 2 loans was intensification of restructurings in 2019.  Loans 
classified by the Bank as representing a significant increase in credit risk constituted 40% of the Stage 2 
portfolio, whereas loans overdue and loans restructured represented 2% and 58% of the total Stage 2 portfolio 
respectively.  The Bank’s ratio of Stage 3 loans to total loans increased to 7.6% as of 31 December 2019 from

--- Page 157 ---
143 
 
 
5.5% as of 31 December 2018 due to prudent measures taken by the bank.  In all, with 0.6% coverage in Stage 
1 loans, total provisions per gross loans amounted to 7.2% as of 31 December 2019, highest among its peer 
group, compared to 6.1% as of 31 December 2018. 
The Group accelerated NPL recognition in the last quarter of 2019 and, in particular, took a cautious stance 
towards sectors which have been affected to date (e.g., energy and real estate) mainly through big tickets. 
The Group has sought to apply a prudent approach to asset quality in terms of front loading provisions, 
especially for Stage 2 loans from the energy sector. Given the management’s view that a potential increase in 
credit risk might arise due to the challenging operating environment and the risk that some loans could need to 
be restructured in the medium to long term, the Group increased its Stage 2 loans in the last two quarters of 
2018, despite these particular loans not being restructured or past due. In 2019, as the Group expected, the 
economic environment remained stressed with an impact on Stage 2 loans. Many Stage 2 loans shifted from the 
“Significant Increase in Credit Risk” portfolio to the restructured portfolio.  
As a result of the noted deterioration in asset quality due to the challenging operating environment and the 
Group’s approach towards seeking to take provisions on a prudential basis, the total cost of risk (calculated as 
expected credit losses minus collections including specific provision reversals divided by total gross loans) 
increased to 3.07% (2.92% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in the year ended 31 December 2019 
compared to 2.72% (2.54% if adjusted for foreign exchange impact) in 2018. 
Other Operating Expenses (Including personnel expenses) 
Other operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 were TL 7,663,658 thousand, an increase of 
14.64% from TL 6,684,981 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. The increase for the year ended 31 
December 2019 was below inflation primarily due to controlled cost growth, although regulatory costs increased 
significantly, predominantly due to a jump in SDIF premium charges. As of 31 December 2019, the Bank had 
846 branches (including 769 retail and SME branches, 21 private banking branches, 3 corporate branches and 
46 commercial branches, one international banking branch, one free zone branch, one custody branch, one 
branch abroad and three satellite branches). The total number of employees decreased to 17,466 as of 31 
December 2019, as compared to 18,448 as of 31 December 2018. 
Analysis by Segment 
Since August 2021, the Group carries out its banking operations through three main business units: (a) retail 
banking (including credit cards, individual banking), (b) corporate banking, and (c) commercial and SME 
banking. The Group also has other foreign and other domestic operations. 
Prior to August 2021 the Group’s corporate banking unit and its commercial and SME banking unit were 
operated as a single operating segment within the Group.  They were separated in August 2021 with the 
appointment of Muharrem Kaan Şakul as Assistant General Manager for Corporate Banking and Akif Cahit 
Erdoğan appointed as Assistant General Manager for Commercial and SME Banking Management.

--- Page 158 ---
144 
 
 
The following tables set forth certain data for the Group’s segments for the nine month periods ended 30 September 2021 and 2020, and the years ended 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
Nine month period ended 30 September 2021 
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
 
 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
 
 
Operating revenue continuing ........................................... 
6,923,669  
2,037,099  
4,915,531  
426,510  
1,358,613  
4,607,738  
(6,350) 
20,262,810 
Operating expenses continuing ......................................... 
(4,878,441) 
(940,676) 
(1,587,944) 
(197,540) 
(473,743) 
(3,314,601) 
6,350  
(11,386,595) 
Net operating income continuing ................................... 
2,045,228  
1,096,423  
3,327,587  
228,970  
884,870  
1,293,137  
—  
8,876,215 
Dividend income(2)............................................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
15,685 
— 
15,685 
Income/loss from investments accounted based on 
equity method ................................................................ 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
96,721 
— 
 
96,721 
Profit before tax ............................................................... 
2,045,228  
1,096,423 
3,327,587 
228,970  
884,870  
1,405,543  
— 
8,988,621 
Tax expense(2) .................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(2,056,342) 
— 
(2,056,342) 
Net period income from continuing operations ............ 
2,045,228  
1,096,423 
3,327,587 
228,970  
884,870  
(650,799) 
— 
6,932,279 
Minority interest (-) ........................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(189) 
— 
(189) 
Net period income from discontinued operations ............. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Group income/loss ........................................................... 
2,045,228  
1,096,423 
3,327,587 
228,970  
884,870  
(650,988) 
—  
6,932,090 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”.

--- Page 159 ---
145 
 
 
 
Nine month period ended 30 September 2020 
 
 
Retail Banking(3) 
Corporate 
Banking(3) 
Commercial and 
SME Banking(3) 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management 
and Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
 
Total operations 
of the Group 
 
(TL, thousands) 
 
Operating revenue continuing .............................................. 
6,888,671 
2,664,733  
3,522,045  
300,041 
1,087,776 
5,122,711 
(4,849) 
19,581,128 
Operating expenses continuing ............................................ 
(5,929,699) 
(1,924,977) 
(2,204,687) 
(157,372) 
(447,674) 
(3,491,221) 
4,849 
(14,150,781) 
Net operating income continuing ...................................... 
958,972 
739,756 
1,317,358 
142,669 
640,102 
1,631,490 
— 
5,430,347 
Dividend income(2) ............................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
16,006 
— 
16,006 
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method .............................................................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
61,785 
— 
61,785 
Profit before tax .................................................................. 
958,972 
739,756 
1,317,358 
142,669 
640,102 
1,709,281 
— 
5,508,138 
Tax expense(2) ....................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(1,193,581) 
— 
(1,193,581) 
Net period income from continuing operations............... 
958,972 
739,756 
1,317,358 
142,669 
640,102 
515,700 
— 
4,314,557 
Minority interest (-) .............................................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(125) 
—  
(125) 
Net period income from discontinued operations ................ 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss .............................................................. 
958,972 
739,756 
1,317,358 
142,669 
640,102 
515,575 
—  
4,314,432 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
(3) 
Figures for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020 present the Group’s operating segments as of 30 September 2021 with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented separately as individual 
operating segments.

--- Page 160 ---
146 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate and 
Commercial 
Banking(3) 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
 
(TL, thousands) 
 
Operating revenue continuing ............................................ 
9,201,210  
8,249,775  
436,538  
1,334,015  
6,592,927  
(8,318) 
25,806,147 
Operating expenses continuing .......................................... 
(8,053,781) 
(5,758,254) 
(225,746) 
(519,310) 
(4,566,557) 
8,318  
(19,115,330) 
Net operating income continuing .................................... 
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792  
814,705  
2,026,370  
 -  
6,690,817 
Dividend income(2).............................................................. 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,158  
- 
17,158 
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method ............................................................................. 
- 
- 
- 
- 
89,133  
- 
89,133  
Profit before tax ................................................................ 
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792  
814,705  
2,132,661  
 -  
6,797,108 
Tax expense(2) ..................................................................... 
- 
- 
 
 
(1,717,425) 
 
(1,717,425) 
Net period income from continuing operations ............. 
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792  
814,705  
415,236  
 -  
5,079,683 
Minority interest (-) ............................................................ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(165) 
- 
(165) 
Net period income from discontinued operations .............. 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Group income/loss ............................................................ 
1,147,429  
2,491,521  
210,792  
814,705  
415,071  
 -  
5,079,518 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
(3) 
Figures for the year ended 31 December 2020 present the Group’s operating segments prior to their reorganisation in August 2021 with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented together as a single 
operating segment.

--- Page 161 ---
147 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate and 
Commercial 
Banking(3) 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
 
(TL, thousands) 
 
Operating revenue continuing ...........................................  
9,655,866 
9,891,868 
396,300 
1,129,444 
58,571 
(13,810) 
21,118,239 
Operating expenses continuing .........................................  
(6,669,444) 
(5,894,790) 
(190,710) 
(460,874) 
(3,493,375) 
13,810 
(16,695,383) 
Net operating income continuing ...................................  
2,986,422 
3,997,078 
205,590 
668,570 
(3,434,804) 
— 
4,422,856 
Dividend income(2).............................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
16,972 
— 
16,972 
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method ............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
93,952 
— 
 
93,952 
Profit before tax ...............................................................  
2,986,422 
3,997,078 
205,590 
668,570 
(3,323,880) 
— 
4,533,780 
Tax expense(2) ....................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
(933,594) 
— 
(933,594) 
Net period income from continuing operations ............  
2,986,422 
3,997,078 
205,590 
668,570 
(4,257,474) 
— 
3,600,186 
Minority interest (-) ...........................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
(126) 
— 
(126) 
Net period income from discontinued operations .............  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss ...........................................................  
2,986,422 
3,997,078 
205,590 
668,570 
(4,257,600) 
— 
 
3,600,060 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
(3) 
Figures for the year ended 31 December 2019 present the Group’s operating segments prior to their reorganisation in August 2021 with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented together as a single 
operating segment.

--- Page 162 ---
148 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2018 
 
 
Retail Banking 
Corporate and 
Commercial 
Banking(3) 
Other Foreign 
Operations 
Other Domestic 
Operations 
Treasury, Asset 
Liability 
Management and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Adjustments(1) 
 
Total 
operations of 
the Group 
 
(TL, thousands) 
 
Operating revenue continuing ...........................................  
8,141,407 
6,573,989 
385,713 
1,008,084 
3,806,771 
(9,206) 
19,906,758 
Operating expenses continuing .........................................  
(5,278,402) 
(5,225,362) 
(157,034) 
(392,913) 
(2,944,742) 
9,206 
(13,989,247) 
Net operating income continuing ...................................  
2,863,005 
1,348,627 
228,679 
615,171 
862,029 
- 
5,917,511 
Dividend income(2).............................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
14,567 
- 
14,567 
Income/loss from investments accounted based on equity 
method ............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
115,817 
- 
 
115,817 
Profit before tax ...............................................................  
2,863,005 
1,348,627 
228,679 
615,171 
992,413 
- 
6,047,895 
Tax expense(2) ....................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,380,357) 
- 
(1,380,257) 
Net period income from continuing operations ............  
2,863,005 
1,348,627 
228,679 
615,171 
(387,944) 
- 
4,667,538 
Minority interest (-) ...........................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
(112) 
- 
(112) 
Net period income from discontinued operations .............  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Group income/loss ...........................................................  
2,863,005 
1,348,627 
228,679 
615,171 
(388,056) 
- 
4,667,426 
____________ 
(1) 
Consolidation adjustments include transactions with subsidiaries and investments consolidated in these financial statements. 
(2) 
Dividend income and tax provision expenses have not been distributed based on operating segments and have been presented under “Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other”. 
(3) 
Figures for the year ended 31 December 2018 present the Group’s operating segments prior to their reorganisation in August 2021 with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented together as a single 
operating segment.

--- Page 163 ---
149 
 
 
Retail Banking 
Retail banking products and services offered to customers include credit cards, consumer loans (including 
general purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), SME loans, time and demand deposits, investment accounts, 
life and non life insurance products and payroll services. Credit card operations cover the management of 
products and services for member merchants as well as the sales and marketing operations for a variety of 
customer types. Operating profit for the retail banking segment calculated in accordance with TFRS 9 increased 
to TL 2,045,228 thousand (U.S.$231,274 thousand) or 113% for nine months ended 30 September 2021, from 
TL 958,972 thousand for the same period in 2020. The increase resulted primarily from growing in consumer 
segment in-line with the Bank’s stategy to focus on small ticket loan products and proactive asset liability 
management. Operating profit for the segment decreased to TL 1,147,429 thousand or by 62% for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, from TL 2,986,422 thousand for the same period in 2019. Operating profit for the 
segment increased by TL 2,986,422 thousand (U.S.$502,765 thousand) or by 4% for the year ended 31 
December 2019, from TL 2,836,005 thousand for the same period in 2018. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
Through its private banking activities as a unit within our retail banking segment, the Bank serves high net 
worth customers and delivers investment products to these customers. Among the products and services offered 
to pivate banking customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative products such as forwards, 
futures and options in domestic & international markets, personal loans, foreign exchange, gold and equity 
trading, pension plans, insurance products and 24/7 safe deposit boxes and e-banking services. Also, personal 
advisory services (art, inheritance, real estate, tax, education and philanthropy) are offered within the private 
banking and wealth management activities. Customers are also provided with investment advisory and portfolio 
management services through the Group’s portfolio management and brokerage subsidiaries.  
The Group also previously provided pension plans and insurance products, but completed a transaction to sell 
this business to Allianz in 2014. See “Business of the Bank—Associates—Yapı Kredi Insurance (Yapı Kredi 
Sigorta) and Yapı Kredi Pension (Yapı Kredi Emeklilik)”. 
Operating profit for the private banking unit decreased to TL 379,563 thousand (U.S.$46,955 thousand) for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2021, from TL 388,185 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 
2020. Operating profit for the unit increased to TL 491,205 thousand (U.S.$70,160 thousand) for the year ended 
31 December 2020, from TL 454,886 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. Operating profit for the 
unit increased to TL 454,886 thousand (U.S.$80,245 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2019, from TL 
293,036 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. The increase across all periods was driven primarily 
by the Bank’s asset focus and asset allocation approach, as well as by intensified communication efforts both 
with customers and with the sales team. 
Corporate Banking 
The corporate banking segment is organised for large-scale, international and multi-national companies. The 
corporate banking segment provides a full range of corporate banking products and services including, but not 
limited to, cash management, investment loans, trade finance, merge and acquisition, financial advisory and 
project finance. 
Prior to August 2021 the Group’s corporate banking unit and its commercial and SME banking unit were 
operated as a single operating segment within the Group.  They were separated in August 2021 with the 
appointment of Muharrem Kaan Şakul as Assistant General Manager for Corporate Banking and Akif Cahit 
Erdoğan appointed as Assistant General Manager for Commercial and SME Banking Management. As a result, 
with respect to our results by segment, comparisons to prior periods are limited and for our results by segment 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 we have presented our operating segments as of 30 September 
2021, with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented separately as individual operating 
segments.  On that basis, net operating income for the corporate banking segment increased to TL 1,096,423 
thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 from TL 739,756 thousand for the nine months ended 
30 September 2020.

--- Page 164 ---
150 
 
 
Commercial and SME Banking 
The commercial and SME banking segment is organised into two subgroups: commercial banking for large-
scale and medium-sized enterprises and SME banking for small and medium-sized enterprises. The primary 
business lines in the Commercial and SME banking segment are working capital, financing, foreign trade 
finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as letters of credit 
and guarantees, cash management and e-banking services to mid-size and large commercial clients.  
Prior to August 2021 the Group’s corporate banking unit and its commercial and SME banking unit were 
operated as a single operating segment within the Group.  They were separated in August 2021 with the 
appointment of Muharrem Kaan Şakul as Assistant General Manager for Corporate Banking and Akif Cahit 
Erdoğan appointed as Assistant General Manager for Commercial and SME Banking Management. As a result, 
with respect to our results by segment, comparisons to prior periods are limited and for our results by segment 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 we have presented our operating segments as of 30 September 
2021, with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented separately as individual operating 
segments.  On that basis, net operating income for the commercial and SME banking segment increased to TL 
3,327,587 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 from TL 1,317,358 thousand for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2020. Non-interest income has remained stable at TL 1,514,365 for the nine months 
ended 30 September 2021 and cash loan volume increased by 9.5% for the nine months ended 30 September 
2021 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2020 mainly driven by 18% growth in TL cash loan 
volumes. 
In December 2016, the Turkish government announced that the Undersecretariat of Treasury would provide a 
guarantee for SME loans up to an aggregate amount of TL 250 billion under the Credit Guarantee Fund (“CGF”) 
programme, which aimed to boost economic growth, support high potential companies that have difficulty 
accessing funding due to collateralisation constraints and help Turkish banks to grow by allowing 0% risk 
weight to be applied to the guaranteed portion of these loans. The CGF can provide guarantees from 80% to 
100% of the sum of interest, dividend and rent payments except for the default interest and principal balance on 
the date of loan payment for both SMEs and non-SMEs.  See “Business of the Bank—Commercial and SME 
Banking” for additional information on the CGF programme, including information on the changes to the 
programme in order to address the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. CGF loans have been a 
significant driver of loan growth, particularly during periods of weaker demand and challenging economic 
conditions.  As of 30 September 2021, loans under the CGF programme constituted 2% of total performing 
loans. The Bank’s exposure to CGF loans in the book as of 30 September 2021 is TL 6.3 billion.  
Foreign Operations 
Foreign operations include the Group’s banking operations in the Netherlands, Azerbaijan and Malta. Operating 
profit for the foreign operations segment increased to TL 228,970 thousand (U.S.$ 28,300 thousand) for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2021, from TL 142,669 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 
2020. Operating profit for the segment amounted to TL 210,792 thousand (U.S.$30,098 thousand) for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 compared to TL 205,590 thousand (U.S.$36,252 thousand) for the year ended 31 
December 2019 and TL 228,679 thousand for the same period in 2018.  
Other Domestic Operations 
Other operations mainly consist of treasury transactions of supporting business units, insurance operations and 
other unallocated transactions, including the effect of free capital. Operating profit for the other domestic 
operations segment increased to TL 884,870 thousand (U.S.$109,367 thousand) for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021, from TL 640,102 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2020, largely as a result 
of an increase in the interest income generation of domestic subsidiaries. Operating profit for the segment 
increased to TL 814,705 thousand (U.S.$116,330 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2020 from TL 
668,570 thousand (U.S.$147,889 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2019. Operating profit for the 
segment increased to TL 668,570 thousand (U.S.$147,889 thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
from TL 615,171 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018.

--- Page 165 ---
151 
 
 
Treasury, Asset-Liability Management and Other 
The Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other segment mainly consists of treasury and asset liability 
management activities of the Group. Operating profit for the treasury, asset liability management and other 
segment decreased by 22% to TL (650,988) thousand (U.S.$ (80,460) thousand) for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021, from TL 515,575 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 mainly due to an 
increase in tax expenses (to TL 2,056,342 thousand as of 30 September 2021 from TL 1,193,581 thousand as 
of 30 September 2020). Operating profit for the segment increased to TL 415,071 thousand (U.S.$59,267 
thousand) for the year ended 31 December 2020, from TL (4,257,600) thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2019. Operating profit for the segment decreased to TL (4,257,600) thousand (U.S.$(750,745) thousand) for the 
year ended 31 December 2019, from TL (388,056) thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018.  
Financial Condition  
The table below sets forth the components of the Group’s balance sheet data as of 30 September 2021 and 
31 December 2020:  
  
30 September  
2021 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
  
(TL thousands) 
Balance Sheet Data 
  
  
Cash and balances with Central Bank .................................................................. 
73,664,978 
57,682,554
Banks.................................................................................................................... 
26,316,862 
16,485,974
Loans .................................................................................................................... 
354,143,771 
300,869,898
Receivables From Leasing Transactions (Net) ..................................................... 
11,899,815 
10,971,858
Factoring Receivables .......................................................................................... 
5,099,484 
5,369,999
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss .............................................. 
642,108 
676,765
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ..................... 
28,508,985 
25,100,560
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ......................................................... 
74,472,408 
53,028,224
Others ................................................................................................................... 
16,494,811 
16,303,847
Total assets .......................................................................................................... 
591,243,222 
486,489,679
Deposits ................................................................................................................ 
324,783,698 
264,410,268
Borrowings ........................................................................................................... 
52,069,030 
46,424,693
Others ................................................................................................................... 
158,613,058 
128,086,352
Shareholders’ equity .......................................................................................... 
55,777,436 
47,568,366
Total Liabilities and shareholders’ equity ........................................................ 
591,243,222 
486,489,679
 
Total Assets  
The Group had total assets of TL 591,243,222 thousand as of 30 September 2021, an increase of 21.53% as 
compared to 31 December 2020. The largest share of the increase in total assets in the nine months ended 30 
September 2021 came from loans which increased 17.71% to TL 354,143,771 thousand as of 30 September 
2021 from TL 300,869,898 thousand as of 31 December 2020, mainly due to the increase in balances with 
Banks due to a significant increase in liquidity as a result of muted loan demand. Additionally, a large portion 
of the increase came from total loans and receivables, which increased 17% to TL 371,143,070 thousand as of 
30 September 2021 from TL 317,211,755 thousand as of 31 December 2020. This increase in total loans was 
due to an increase in Turkish Lira loans with relatively higher demand in consumer loans. The total utilization 
of CGF in 2020 reached TL. Loans and receivables comprised 62.77% of total assets as of 30 September 2021, 
as compared to 65.20% as of 31 December 2020. Turkish Lira loans increased by 21.43% as compared to 31 
December 2020, whereas foreign exchange loans decreased by 8.71% in U.S. dollar terms. As of 30 September 
2021, the breakdown of total loans by sector was as follows: 34.25% from retail (compared to 31.63% as of 31 
December 2020), 4.36% from financial institutions (compared to 3.76% as of 31 December 2020), 8.60% from 
export related loans (compared to 8.35% as of 31 December 2020), 38.13% from business loans (compared to 
39.90% as of 31 December 2020) and 14.66% from other loans and receivables (compared to 16.36% as of 31 
December 2020). 
The Bank’s intra-group cash exposure in total cash loans as of 30 September 2021 was 12% of the total capital 
base (as compared to the maximum regulatory limit of 20%). In addition, the top 20 loans accounted for 14.3% 
of the total loan book.

--- Page 166 ---
152 
 
 
The percentage of non-performing loans to gross loans decreased to 5.0% as of 30 September 2021 from 6.4% 
as of 31 December 2020 due to negative net NPL inflows and write off of 100% covered loans amounting to 
TL 975,062 in the period.  The specific coverage on non-performing loans without considering collaterals 
increased to 71.6% as of 30 September 2021 within the period versus its level at 69.4% on 31 December 2020, 
despite write off of higher covered loans. If generic provisions for cash loans were also included, total coverage 
on non-performing loans would have been at 144% as of 30 September 2021, as compared to 127% as of 31 
December 2020. Total net cost of risk (calculated as total loan loss provisions – collections including specific 
provision reversals/total gross loans) decreased to 0.51% as of 30 September 2021, from 2.65% as of 31 
December 2020, primarily driven by negative net NPL inflows, strong collections and up-fronted provisions in 
2019 within the nine months ended 30 September 2021. 
The Group’s total securities (comprising financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost) increased 
31.49% to TL 103,623,501 thousand as of 30 September 2021 from TL 78,805,549 thousand as of 31 December 
2020, primarily due to an increase in government debt securities under financial assets measured at amortised 
cost. The mix of securities was approximately 31% foreign currency (virtually all fixed rate) and 69% Turkish 
Lira of which approximately 15% were fixed rate, 11% were floating rate and 74% were CPI linkers, The 
percentage of securities in total assets increased to 18% for the same period. 
The Group uses an internal managerial metric, Value at Risk (“VaR”), to simulate its potential economic loss. 
VaR represents potential loss of certain items on the balance sheet in value over one day for a 99% confidence 
interval. VaR metrics are in line with approved limits.  
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity  
On the liability side, deposits increased by 22.83% to TL 324,783,698 thousand as of 30 September 2021 from 
TL 264,410,268 thousand as of 31 December 2020, and constituted 54.93% of the Group’s total liabilities as of 
30 September 2021 (compared to 54.35% as of 31 December 2020). The growth in deposits was higher than the 
growth in loans during the nine months ended 30 September 2021 mainly due to the impact of currency 
depreciation, inflating foreign currency deposits while contracting foreign currency loans. During the nine 
months ended 30 September 2021, the Group’s TL denominated deposits grew at a higher rate than its USD 
denominated deposits. This is a reverse trend compared to the one observed in the Turkish banking sector during 
this period due to the Group’s focus on small ticket retail and demand deposits. The funding base was supported 
by successful capital markets issuances including the issuance of U.S.$650 million Additional Tier 1 Capital 
(“AT1”) notes in January 2019 and an issuance of U.S.$500 million senior secured notes in March 2019. The 
share of demand deposits in total deposits was 37.70% as of 30 September 2021.  Additionally, the Group issued 
floating-rate Tier 2 notes to qualified investors in Turkey in July 2019 with a transaction size of TL 500 million 
and subordinated Tier-2 debt of TL 300 million in October 2019 and US$500 millions in January 2021. The 
loans to deposits ratio (including TL securities) decreased to 109.04% as of 30 September 2021, as compared 
to 113.79% as of 31 December 2020.  
Borrowings (including loans received/funds borrowed, subordinated debt and marketable securities issued) 
increased by 15.80% to TL 123,057,646 thousand as of 30 September 2021 from TL 106,263,897 thousand as 
of 31 December 2020. The composition of borrowings as of 30 September 2021 was as follows: 24.27% from 
securitisations, 42.31% from syndications, 21.94% from subordinated debt, 5.70% from bonds and bills 
(including loan participation notes) and 5.78% from other funding sources, including foreign trade related 
borrowings and borrowings of subsidiaries.  
The Group’s shareholders’ equity increased by 19% to TL 55,777,436 thousand as of 30 September 2021 from 
TL 46,723,825 thousand as of 31 December 2020 as a result of an increase in profitability.  
According to BRSA consolidated figures, the Group had a capital adequacy ratio of 16.54% as of 30 September 
2021 (or 15.97% without Temporary Forbearances) as compared to 17.25% as of 31 December 2020. 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments  
The Group’s total off-balance sheet commitments including guarantees and warranties, commitments and 
derivative instruments increased by 12.84% to TL 748,298,035 thousand as of 30 September 2021, from TL 
663,140,452 thousand as of 31 December 2020, The increase in total off-balance sheet commitments in the nine

--- Page 167 ---
153 
 
 
months ended 30 September 2021 came from commitments, which increased 26.97% to TL 128,086,213 
thousand as of 30 September 2021 from TL 100,875,405 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
Segment Results  
The following tables set forth certain data for the Group’s segments for the nine months ended 30 September 
2021 and 2020:  
 
30 September 2021  
  
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking 
Other 
Foreign  
Operations 
Other 
Domestic 
Operations 
Other(1) 
Consolidation 
Adjustments 
Total 
  
(TL thousands) 
Segment revenue . 
6,923,669  
2,037,099  
4,915,531  
426,510  
1,358,613  
4,607,738 
(6,350) 
20,262,810  
Segment expenses 
(4,878,441) 
(940,676) 
(1,587,944) 
(197,540) 
(473,743) 
(3,314,601) 
6,350  
(11,386,595) 
Segment result .... 
2,045,228  
1,096,423  
3,327,587  
228,970  
884,870  
1,293,137  
— 
8,876,215  
  
(1)  “Other” represents Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other.  
 
 
 
30 September 2020  
  
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking(1) 
Commercial 
and SME 
Banking(1) 
Other 
Foreign 
Operations 
Other 
Domestic 
Operations 
Other(2) 
Consolidation 
Adjustments 
Total 
  
(TL thousands) 
Segment revenue . 
6,888,671  
2,664,733  
3,522,045  
300,041  
1,087,776  
5,122,711  
(4,849) 
19,581,128  
Segment expenses 
(5,929,699) 
(1,924,977) 
(2,204,687) 
(157,372) 
(447,674) 
(3,491,221) 
4,849  
(14,150,781) 
Segment result .... 
958,972  
739,756 
1,317,358 
142,669  
640,102  
1,631,490  
— 
5,430,347  
  
(1) Figures for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020 present the Group’s operating segments as of 30 September 2021 with Corporate 
Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented separately as individual operating segments.  See “—Analysis by Segment” for additional 
information. 
(2)  “Other” represents Treasury, Asset Liability Management and Other.  
 
Cash and Balances with the Central Bank 
Cash and balances with the Central Bank represent a relatively small percentage of the Group’s total assets, 
making up 12.46%, 11.86%, 10.58% and 15.22% as of 30 September 2021 and as of 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018 respectively. The increase in cash and balances with the Central Bank from 2015 to 30 September 
2018 was primarily due to an increase in reserve deposits at central banks driven by an increased rate of reserve 
requirements of the Central Bank and the volume growth of the Bank. 
Loans 
Loans represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As of 30 September 2021, loans amounted to TL 
345,598,457 thousand (U.S.$39,080,259 thousand), which represented 58.45% of the Group’s total assets, 
compared to TL 292,470,987 thousand, which represented 60.12% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 
2020, TL 244,480,610 thousand, which represented 59.46% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2019 
and TL 249,499,524 thousand, which represented 66.82% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2018.  
The Group provides financing for various purposes, the majority of which are corporate and commercial loans 
and loans to SMEs. However, as demand for longer term financing from existing customers and other high 
quality corporate credits increases, the Group expects the maturity profile of its portfolio to gradually increase 
further. 
As of 30 September 2021, loans under the CGF programme constituted 2% of the performing loan book, The 
Bank plans to continue to utilise the CGF programme in the remainder of 2021, subject to any increase in limits 
and sector focus, However, the Bank currently does not foresee any significant increase in SME lending through 
the CGF programme as the pace has slowed down,

--- Page 168 ---
154 
 
 
Loans according to Maturity Structure  
The following tables set out certain information relating to the maturity structure of the Group’s loan portfolio 
based upon the division between (i) short-term (less than one year) and (ii) medium and long-term loans (greater 
than one year) in line with BRSA Principles as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Standard loans 
Loans under close monitoring 
 
Not under the scope 
of restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions modified 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Short term loans ................................................................. 
99,197,098 
3,548,187 
1,571,422 
Medium and long term loans .............................................. 
150,290,856 
23,311,112 
19,689,821 
Total ..................................................................................  
249,487,954 
26,859,299 
21,261,243 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Standard loans 
Loans under close monitoring 
 
Not under the scope 
of restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions modified 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Short term loans ................................................................. 
72,442,549 
3,461,999 
731,943 
Medium and long term loans .............................................. 
133,060,428 
12,763,885 
20,830,086 
Total ..................................................................................  
205,502,977 
16,225,884 
21,562,029 
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Standard loans 
Loans under close monitoring 
 
Not under the scope 
of restructuring 
Agreement 
conditions modified 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Short term loans ................................................................. 
66,126,619 
3,424,680 
393,489 
Medium and long term loans .............................................. 
136,446,561 
25,459,051 
4,348,762 
Total ..................................................................................  
202,573,180 
28,883,731 
4,742,251 
 
Consumer Loans, Individual Credit Cards, Personnel Loans and Personnel Credit Cards 
Total lending to individuals through consumer loans, individual credit cards, personnel loans and personnel 
credit cards amounted to TL 98,615,448 thousand (U.S.$ 11,151,431 thousand), which represented 16.68% of 
the Group’s total assets, as of 30 September 2021, an increase from TL 74,519,273 thousand (U.S.$ 10,151,798 
thousand) as of 31 December 2020, which represented 15.32% of the Group’s total assets which in turn was an 
increase from TL 58,010,185 thousand as of 31 December 2019, which represented 14.11% of the Group’s total 
assets and which in turn was an increase from TL 52,226,170 thousand as of 31 December 2018, which 
represented 13.99% of the Group’s total assets. 
Commercial Instalment Loans and Corporate Credit Cards 
Lending through commercial instalment loans and corporate credit cards amounted to TL 33,860,566 thousand 
(U.S.$ 3,828,951 thousand), which represented 5.73% of the Group’s total assets, as of 30 September 2021, 
compared to TL 30,159,326 thousand, which represented 6.20% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 
2020, compared to TL 27,216,353 thousand, which represented 6.6% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 
December 2019 and compared to TL 24,605,044 thousand, which represented 6.5% of the Group’s total assets 
as of 31 December 2018. 
 Non-performing Loan Sales 
From time to time, the Bank sells non-performing loans based on market conditions and expects to continue  
On 26 February 2018, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio of retail and SME loans amounting to TL 503 million 
principal amount for a total consideration of TL 26.4 million to İstanbul Varlık Yönetimi and Hayat Varlık 
Yönetimi. The proceeds will have a positive pre-tax impact of TL 14 million on the income statement which 
will be reflected in the Bank’s financials for the first quarter of 2018.

--- Page 169 ---
155 
 
 
On 29 March 2018, the Bank’s Board of Directors resolved to sell an NPL portfolio of TL 124 million principal 
amount for a total consideration of TL 100 million to Yunus Varlık Yönetimi.  
On 26 April 2018, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio amounting to TL 501 million principal amount for a total 
consideration of TL 28.2 million. The proceeds will have a positive pre-tax impact on the income statement 
which will be reflected in the Bank’s financials for the second quarter of 2018. 
On 28 June 2018, the Bank’s Board of Directors resolved to sell an NPL portfolio of TL 514 million principal 
amount for a total consideration of TL 31.2 million to a range of asset management companies. 
On 29 May 2019, the Bank sold a NPL portfolio comprised of individual and credit cards loans in principal 
amount of approximately TL 298 million for a total consideration of TL 23 million. 
On 19 March 2019, the Bank sold a NPL portfolio comprised of retail and SME loans in principal amount of 
approximately TL 396 million for a total consideration of TL 24 million.  
On 18 April 2019, the Bank sold a NPL portfolio comprised of retail and SME loans in principal amount of 
approximately TL 529 million for a total consideration of TL 16.3 million. 
On 29 May 2019, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio of retail and credit card loans with TL 298 million principal 
amount for a total consideration of TL 22.7 million. 
On 26 June 2019, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio with TL 917 million principal amount for a total consideration 
of TL 25.6 million. 
On 16 September 2019, the Bank sold an NPL portfolio with TL 428 million principal amount. 
Derivatives 
The Group’s derivative transactions primarily include interest rate and foreign exchange swaps, forward foreign 
exchange purchase and sale transactions, and options. The following table sets out certain information on 
derivative financial assets based upon management data in line with BRSA requirements: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Types of derivative transactions 
(TL, thousands) 
Foreign currency related derivative 
transactions .............................................. 
203,628,706  
164,450,102 
195,652,172 
194,070,768 
FC trading forward transactions ................ 
21,197,746  
16,119,910 
25,879,855  
19,278,968 
Trading swap transactions ......................... 
173,862,947  
138,304,781  
160,959,306  
161,325,028 
Futures transactions .................................. 
422,009  
414,267  
398,407  
— 
Trading option transactions ....................... 
8,146,004  
9,611,144  
8,414,604  
13,466,772 
Interest related derivative transactions ..... 
139,551,020  
147,553,561  
118,898,558 
87,798,512 
Forward interest transactions .................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Interest rate swaps ..................................... 
136,069,474  
142,948,898  
115,222,156  
83,986,144 
Interest rate options ................................... 
3,481,546  
4,604,663  
3,676,402  
3,812,368 
Interest rate futures ................................... 
   
—  
— 
— 
— 
Other trading derivative transactions ...... 
48,030,831  
39,503,746  
27,537,689 
24,682,146 
Total trading derivative transactions ....... 
391,210,557  
351,507,409  
342,088,419 
306,551,426 
Types of hedging derivative transactions ...... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Transactions for fair value hedge .............. 
2,547,609  
4,746,534  
3,886,347  
4,266,224 
Cash flow hedges ...................................... 
90,529,337  
91,306,804  
99,581,653  
92,994,503 
Transactions for foreign net investment 
hedge ..................................................... 
   
—  
— 
— 
— 
Total hedging related derivatives ............... 
93,076,946  
96,053,338  
103,468,000 
97,260,727 
Total derivative transactions ...................... 
484,287,503  
447,560,747  
445,556,419 
403,812,153 
 
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio comprises of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised 
cost. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of

--- Page 170 ---
156 
 
 
selling or repurchasing them in the near term or to form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments 
that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short term profit taking. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised and subsequently re measured at fair 
value. Securities with fixed maturity, where management has both the intent and the ability to hold to maturity, 
are classified as held to maturity. Securities intended to be held for an indefinite period of time, which may be 
sold in response to needs for liquidity or changes in interest rates, exchange rates or equity prices, or client’s 
servicing activity, are classified as available for sale. Management determines the appropriate classification of 
investments at the time of their purchase. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value, and are either acquired for 
generating profit from short term fluctuations in the price or dealer’s margin, or financial assets included in a 
portfolio in which a pattern of short term profit making exists independent from the acquisition purpose. 
Investment securities are initially recognised at fair value. Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Gains and losses arising from changes in the 
fair value of securities classified as available-for-sale are recognised in equity, until the financial asset is 
derecognised or impaired, at which time the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in equity is 
transferred to income statement. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost using the effective yield method, less 
any provision for impairment. 
The Group also enters into purchases or sales of investments under agreements to resell or repurchase 
substantially identical investments at a certain date in the future at a fixed price. Investments sold under 
repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the balance sheet and are measured in accordance with the 
accounting policy for the asset held in the portfolio, as appropriate.  
The following table sets out a breakdown of investments held by the Group as on the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through profit or loss(1) ...............  
642,108  
676,765 
573,197 
248,156 
Net financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ........................................................................................  
28,508,985  
25,100,560 
26,900,612 
26,883,680 
Net financial assets measured at amortised cost(2) .........................  
74,472,408  
53,028,224 
29,608,137 
22,805,679 
Total marketable securities portfolio .........................................  
103,623,501  
78,805,549 
57,081,946 
49,937,515 
___________ 
Please note that the Group adopted TFRS 9 starting from 1 January 2018. As TFRS9 was applied prospectively (with none of the comparatives restated) 
financial assets as of 31 December 2017 have not been presented or classified in accordance with TFRS 9 rules, and they are based on TAS 39 rules as 
presented and classified in the respective periods’ financial statements. The breakdown presented above has been prepared using the latest balance sheet 
format subsequent to the adoption of TFRS 9.  
 
(1) 
Includes “Government debt securities” (TL 276,714 thousand, TL 93,870 thousand and TL 68,342 thousand as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018, respectively) and “Share certificates” (TL 238,703 thousand, TL 474,330 thousand and TL 177,162 thousand as of 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017.  
(2) 
Includes “Held to maturity investments (net)” (TL 53,028,224 thousand, TL 29,608,137 thousand and TL 22,805,679 thousand as of 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
The size of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio increased by 31.49% to TL 103,623,501 thousand (U,S,$ 
11,717,741 thousand) as of 30 September 2021, compared to TL 78,805,549 thousand (U.S.$ 10,735,720 
thousand) as of 31 December 2020, which represented an increase of 38.1% compared to TL 57,081,946 
thousand as of 31 December 2019, which represented an increase of 14.31% compared to TL 49,937,515 
thousand as of 31 December 2018. The increase in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 was mainly driven 
by the increase in CPI Linked and Foreign Currency denominated fixed rate bonds. The increase the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 2019 were driven by growth in the CPI-linked bond portfolios.  The increase in the year 
ended 31 December 2018 was driven mainly by growth in the fixed-rate Turkish Lira bond and CPI-linked bond 
portfolios, and the Bank’s effective liquidity management policies. The increase in the year ended 31 December 
2017 was primarily attributable to scheduled redemptions. A substantial part of the Turkish Lira securities 
growth emanated from expansion in the volume of CPI-linked bonds with some additions on the fixed-rate 
foreign currency government securities.

--- Page 171 ---
157 
 
 
The weighted average interest rates for securities by major currencies outstanding as of 30 September 2021, and 
as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 based on yearly contractual rates are as follows: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
U.S.$ 
EUR 
TL 
Investment securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets where 
fair value change is 
reflected to other 
comprehensive income 
statement ......................  
5.93 
3.36 
18.08 
5.64 
3.26 
15.72 
5.37 
3.34 
13.32 
5.46 
4.1 
18.65 
Financial Assets 
Measured at Amortised 
Cost ..............................  
6.38 
2.91 
17.95 
6.42 
1.74 
15.92 
5.55 
2.64 
13.46 
5.42 
2.82 
18.23 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss assets include Government bonds and treasury bills, i.e., 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds, derivatives and also equity 
securities that are either listed or unlisted. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Government debt securities ......................... 
204,022  
276,714 
93,870 
68,342 
Share certificates .......................................... 
242,551  
238,703 
474,330 
177,162 
Derivative financial assets held for trading (1)
 .................................................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other marketable securities ......................... 
195,535 
161,348 
4,997 
2,652 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ............................................ 
642,108 
676,765 
573,197 
248,156 
 
As of 30 September 2021, the size of the Group’s portfolio decreased by 5.12% to TL 642,108 thousand (U.S.$ 
72,610 thousand) from TL 676,765 thousand (U.S.$92,196 thousand) as of 31 December 2020, itself an 18.07% 
increase from TL 573,197 thousand (U.S.$96,495 thousand) as of 31 December 2019, itself an 130.98% increase 
from TL 248,156 thousand (U.S.$96,495 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. This increase in the Group’s 
portfolio was driven by the opportunistic accumulation of securities across the period. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are financial assets that are not held for 
trading purposes, nor intended by the Group to be held-to-maturity. The portfolio of such assets consists of 
Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are discounted and coupon securities issued by the Turkish 
Treasury, as well as open-ended mutual funds incorporated in Turkey, credit linked notes (“CLNs”), other bonds 
issued by domestic and foreign financial institutions and also equity securities that are either listed or unlisted.

--- Page 172 ---
158 
 
 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets available for 
sale as of 30 September 2021 and as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
As of 30 
September  
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Debt securities .............................................  
28,751,589 
25,203,852 
26,962,313 
27,926,090 
Quoted on stock exchange(1)(5) ..................  
28,751,589 
25,203,852 
26,665,302 
27,662,947 
Not quoted(2) .............................................  
— 
— 
297,011 
263,143 
Share certificates .........................................  
134,472 
133,715 
125,783 
112,232 
Quoted on stock exchange ........................  
1,270  
286  
237 
213 
Not quoted ................................................  
133,202  
133,429  
125,546 
112,019 
Impairment provision (-)(2) .........................  
377,076 
237,007 
187,484 
1,154,642 
Other(3) .........................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ..................  
28,508,985 
25,100,560 
26,900,612 
26,883,680 
____________ 
(1) 
Includes credit linked notes amounting to TL 0 as of 30 September 2021, TL 0 as of 31 December 2020, TL 0 as of 31 
December 2019 and TL 0 as of 31 December 2018.  
(2) 
The figure includes the negative differences between the cost and the market price of the securities and the impairment 
provisions, if any. 
(3) 
Other includes mutual funds. 
(5)  
As of 1 January 2018, the Group changed its accounting policies with regard to some government debt securities with the 
adoption of TFRS 9. As a result, government bonds with an amount of TL 1,998,350 have been classified from financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets measured at amortised cost. 
As of 30 September 2021, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased to TL 28,508,985 thousand (U.S.$ 
3,223,795 thousand), itself an increase from TL 25,100,560 thousand (U.S.$ 3,419,462 thousand) as of 31 
December 2020, itself an increase from TL 26,900,612 thousand (U.S.$ 4,528,570 thousand) as of 31 December 
2019, itself an increase from TL 26,883,680 thousand (U.S.$6,579,428 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. The 
size of the Group’s portfolio of such assets as a percentage of total assets increased to 17.53% as of 30 September 
2021, from 16.20% as of 31 December 2020, from 6.54% as of 31 December 2019 and from 7.20% as of 31 
December 2018.  
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed 
maturity that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. These include certain debt investments.  
The Group’s portfolio of such assets consists of quoted on stock exchange Government bonds, treasury bills 
and other debt securities, all issued by the Turkish Treasury and foreign government bonds.  
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of 30 
September 2021 and as of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 2018: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Government bonds ..............................................  
71,678,059 
50,961,025 
28,391,511 
22,044,650 
Treasury bills ......................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other debt securities ...........................................  
2,794,349 
2,067,199 
1,216,626 
761,029 
Total financial assets measured at amortised 
cost ..................................................................  
74,472,408 
53,028,224 
29,608,137 
22,805,679 
 
As of 30 September 2021, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased by 40.44% to TL 74,472,408 thousand 
(U.S.$ 8,421,337 thousand) from TL 53,028,224 thousand (U.S.$ 7,224,062 thousand) as of 31 December 2020,

--- Page 173 ---
159 
 
 
a decrease of TL 29,608,137 thousand (U.S.$ 4,984,367 thousand) as of 31 December 2019, which in turn 
represented an increase of TL 22,805,679 thousand (U.S.$4,334,939 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. 
Property and Equipment 
The following table sets out movements in the Group’s tangible assets:  
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Book value at the beginning of the period .............................  
4,358,899 
3,312,175 
2,611,849 
Additions ...................................................................................  
847,774  
823,760 
856,268 
Opening balance (IFRS 16)(1) ....................................................  
3,751 
846,301 
— 
Sale of a subsidiary ...................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Disposals (-), net .......................................................................  
125,461   
141,436 
(2,693) 
Reversal of impairment, net ......................................................  
— 
119 
17,210 
Impairment (-) ...........................................................................  
74 
—  
— 
Depreciation (-) .........................................................................  
542,330 
484,447  
(177,190) 
Foreign exchange differences, net .............................................  
11,820  
2,427  
6,731 
Book value at the end of the period .......................................  
4,554,379 
4,358,899 
3,312,175 
Cost at the end of the period ......................................................  
7,129,411  
6,622,760  
5,293,585 
Accumulated depreciation at the period end (-) ........................  
2,575,032  
(2,263,861)  
(1,981,410) 
____________ 
(1) 
The Group has adopted “TFRS 16 - Leases” as of January 1, 2019. Opening balance includes branch and ATM leases accounted 
within the scope of TFRS 16.  
The Group owns or leases premises for its head office, branches and operations centres. As of 30 September 
2021, the Group’s fixed assets (comprising land, land improvements, buildings, computer hardware and other 
fixed assets) had a total net book value of TL 4,653,493 thousand (U.S.$ 526,217 thousand), or 0.79% of the 
Bank’s total assets, as compared to TL 4,554,379 thousand (U.S.$ 620,445 thousand), or 0.94% of the Bank’s 
total assets as of 31 December 2020, as compared to TL 4,358,899 thousand (U.S.$733,797 thousand), or 1.06% 
of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2019, as compared to TL 3,312,175 thousand (U.S.$ 629,583 
thousand), or 0.89% of the Bank’s total assets as of 31 December 2018. The Group owns its headquarters 
buildings in Istanbul and its operations centre in Gebze. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank owned 
approximately 18.7% of its branches and the rest were leased. 
The Group decided to change its accounting policy on valuation of buildings to fair value accounting in 
accordance with TAS 16 as of 31 March 2015. Based on valuation reports of expert companies, authorised by 
CMB and BRSA, the Group realised a positive fair valuation difference as other comprehensive income 
amounting to TL 1,876,624 thousand, net of tax, as of 30 September 2021, compared to TL 1,875,000 thousand, 
net of tax as of 31 December 2020, compared to TL 1,879,428 thousand, net of tax as of 31 December 2019, 
compared to TL 1,866,531 thousand, net of tax as of 31 December 2018. The Group has adopted “TFRS 16 - 
Leases” as of January 1, 2019. The Group has applied the simplified transition approach and elected not to 
restate comparative figures. In accordance with “TFRS 16 - Leases”, the Group calculates “right-of-use” amount 
using the present value of the lease payments of fixed asset at the beginning of the leasing period and recognizes 
under “property and equipment”. Unpaid leasing payments are calculated at their net present value and 
recognized under “lease payables” in liabilities. Lease payments are discounted using related borrowing rates. 
Fixed assets that are subject to leasing is amortised on the basis of leasing period. Interest expense related to 
lease payables is classified under “interest on lease payables” under “interest expense” and exchange rate 
changes are classified under “foreign exchange gains/losses”. Leasing payments are deducted from lease 
payables.

--- Page 174 ---
160 
 
 
Intangible Assets 
The following table sets out the Group’s goodwill and other intangible assets: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Balance at the beginning of the period ....................  
1,920,824 
1,817,112 
1,682,226 
Additions during the period .........................................  
281,992 
258,471 
244,086 
Unused and disposed items (-) ....................................  
323 
7 
— 
Sale of a subsidiary .....................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Transfers .....................................................................  
(3,751) 
38 
— 
Impairment reversal ....................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Amortisation expenses (-) ...........................................  
202,907 
157,994 
(116,088) 
Foreign exchange valuation differences, net ...............  
7,691 
3,204 
6,888 
Balance at the end of the period ...............................  
2,003,526 
1,920,824 
1,817,112 
Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment, or more frequently when there are indications that impairment 
may have occurred. There was no impairment to goodwill identified as of 30 September 2021 and as of 31 
December 2020, 2019 or 2018. 
Sources of Funding 
As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s major sources of funds for its lending and investment activities were 
deposits, which accounted for 67.91% of total funding, funds borrowed, which accounted for 16.53% of total 
funding, money markets, which accounted for 9.32% of total funding, and marketable securities issued, which 
accounted for 6.24% of total funding. Deposits accounted for 68.06%, 70.76% and 71.07% respectively, as of 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018; funds borrowed accounted for 17.78%, 19.58% and 20.49% respectively, 
as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018; money markets accounted for 7.82%, 5.83% and 1.19% respectively, 
as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018; and marketable securities accounted for 6.34%, 7.72% and 7.25% 
respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
The following table sets out the Group’s sources of funding as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 2021 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
% 
2020 
% 
2019 
% 
2018 
% 
 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Deposits ............................ 
324,783,698  
67.91% 
264,410,268  
68.06 
231,071,697 
70.76 
210,291,473 
71.07 
Funds borrowed including 
subordinated loans ....... 
79,067,886  
16.53% 
69,079,747  
17.78 
63,953,534 
19.58 
60,629,155 
20.49 
Money markets ................. 
44,568,589  
9.32% 
30,360,664  
7.82 
6,308,888 
1.93 
3,520,213 
1.19 
Marketable securities issued 
(net) .............................. 
29,864,212  
6.24% 
24,628,361  
6.34 
25,221,191 
7.72 
21,442,203 
7.25 
Total ................................. 
478,284,385 
100.00% 
264,410,268  
100.00 
326,555,310 
100.00 
295,883,044 
100.00 
 
The availability of such funds is influenced by factors such as prevailing interest rates, market conditions and 
the level of competition prevailing. 
Deposits 
Deposits consist of customer demand and time deposits. Customer current accounts generally bear no interest 
and can be withdrawn upon demand. For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of 
account offered by the Group. Deposits from customers comprise local deposits, foreign currency deposits, 
savings, and commercial deposits. 
During the nine months ended 30 September 2021, deposit growth was mainly driven by growth in Turkish Lira 
denominated deposits which was also supported by the lower increase in foreign currency deposits. During the 
year ended 31 December 2020, deposit growth was mainly driven by the foreign currency devaluation on foreign 
currency denominated deposits supported by the growth in TL deposits. During the year ended 31 December 
2019, overall deposit growth was driven by increases in both Turkish Lira and foreign currency deposits. During 
the year ended 31 December 2018, the growth in deposits was driven by Turkish Lira denominated deposits and 
nominal increase in foreign currency deposits due to the depreciation of Turkish Lira. Across all periods, the 
Bank pursued a strategy of rebalancing toward more cost efficient, smaller Turkish Lira deposits. Overall 
deposit increased by 23% for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 (compared with 18% for the first nine

--- Page 175 ---
161 
 
 
months of 2020) was mainly driven by 28% increase in TL deposits (compared with 9% for the first nine months 
of 2020) and 1% decrease in foreign currency deposits in USD terms (compared with 1.5% decrease for the first 
nine months of 2020). The following tables set out the maturity structure of the Group’s deposits/collected 
funds: 
 
As of 30 September 2021  
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ................. 
20,552,603  
3,842,875  
50,729,543  
645,162  
253,284  
432,751  
926   
76,457,144  
Foreign currency deposits .. 
71,554,004  
20,653,706  
63,542,249  
7,496,591  
2,895,908  
4,422,744  
— 
170,565,202  
Residents in Turkey ............ 
65,967,247  
19,208,423  
60,744,740  
5,756,274  
999,336  
807,218  
— 
153,483,238  
Residents abroad ................. 
5,586,757  
1,445,283  
2,797,509  
1,740,317  
1,896,572  
3,615,526  
— 
17,081,964  
Public sector deposits ......... 
1,815,115  
4,069  
31,161  
59  
109  
40  
— 
1,850,553  
Commercial deposits .......... 
13,377,241  
12,765,124  
25,400,392  
182,367  
593,801  
51,997  
— 
52,370,922  
Other institutions deposits .. 
200,198  
148,190  
1,022,244  
3,394  
854  
247,332  
— 
1,622,212  
Precious metals vault .......... 
13,526,164  
 -  
112,838  
119  
1,229,740  
46,581  
— 
14,915,442  
Bank deposits ...................... 
1,402,248  
3,857,254  
1,179,931  
445,033  
117,591  
166  
— 
7,002,223  
The CBRT........................... 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
— 
 -  
Domestic banks .................. 
5,807  
3,697,056  
994,228  
445,033  
117,591  
166  
— 
5,259,881  
Foreign banks ..................... 
552,969  
160,198  
185,703  
— 
— 
— 
— 
898,870  
Participation banks ............. 
843,472  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
843,472  
Other ................................... 
—  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Total ................................... 
122.427.573 
41.271.218  
142.018.358  
8.772.725  
5.091.287  
5.201.611  
926  
324.783.698  
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Demand 
With 
7 days 
notifications 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ..............  
14,237,372  
— 
2,605,660  
41,602,168  
647,673  
225,879  
218,330  
1,080 
59,538,162  
Foreign currency deposits  
54,875,571  
— 
12,727,199  
58,143,255  
6,454,711  
4,712,059  
4,355,664  
— 
141,268,459  
Residents in Turkey .........  
49,397,161 
— 
12,044,422  
55,651,121  
5,933,125  
3,620,984  
— 
— 
127,752,348 
Residents abroad .............  
5,478,410 
— 
682,777  
2,492,134  
521,586  
1,091,075  
— 
— 
13,516,111  
Public sector deposits ......  
1,235,151 
— 
10,448  
10,547  
31  
535  
— 
— 
1,257,378  
Commercial deposits .......  
10,962,714 
— 
12,167,413  
17,044,488  
37,237  
13,804  
— 
— 
40,308,298 
Other institutions deposits
 ...................................  
158,217 
— 
111,850  
1,522,255  
2,974  
580,958  
— 
— 
2,377,014  
Precious metals vault .......  
12,941,904 
— 
— 
— 
252  
1,528,913  
— 
— 
14,577,695  
Bank deposits ..................  
620,351 
— 
3,083,347  
886,592  
405,881  
87,091  
— 
— 
5,083,262 
The CBRT .......................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Domestic banks ...............  
7,822 
— 
3,068,232  
815,619  
405,881  
87,091  
— 
— 
4,384,645  
Foreign banks ..................  
331,944 
— 
15,115  
70,973  
— 
— 
— 
— 
418,032 
Participation banks ..........  
280,585 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
280,585  
Other ................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................  
95,031,280 
— 
30,705,917  
119,209,305  
7,548,759  
7,149,239  
4,764,688  
1,080 
264,410,268 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Demand 
With 
7 days 
notifications 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ..............  
10,548,305 
— 
18,808,962  
31,453,611  
1,075,550  
812,427  
690,717  
1,110  
63,390,682  
Foreign currency deposits  
28,723,896 
— 
13,162,882  
65,273,909  
3,363,494  
4,405,123  
8,033,848  
— 
122,963,152  
Residents in Turkey .........  
25,828,742 
— 
12,451,792  
63,502,841  
3,032,618  
2,310,420  
1,447,231  
— 
108,573,644  
Residents abroad .............  
2,895,154 
— 
711,090  
1,771,068  
330,876  
2,094,703  
6,586,617  
— 
14,389,508  
Public sector deposits ......  
1,293,752 
— 
3,080  
8,286  
878  
98  
45  
— 
1,306,139  
Commercial deposits .......  
8,682,060 
— 
10,987,400  
12,238,066  
329,005  
584,804  
92,787  
— 
32,914,122  
Other institutions deposits
 ...................................  
156,583 
— 
198,278  
651,990  
402,394  
428,821  
49,131  
— 
1,887,197  
Precious metals vault .......  
2,362,411 
— 
206,884  
571,548  
95,928  
250,328  
65,531  
— 
3,552,630  
Bank deposits ..................  
1,138,876 
— 
2,715,690  
847,185  
286,875  
69,149  
— 
— 
5,057,775  
The CBRT .......................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Domestic banks ...............  
7,256 
— 
2,536,174  
596,437  
286,875  
57,158  
— 
— 
3,483,900  
Foreign banks ..................  
208,114 
— 
179,516  
250,748  
— 
11,991  
— 
— 
650,369  
Participation banks ..........  
923,506 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
923,506  
Other ................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
- 
Total ................................  
52,905,883 
— 
46,083,176  
111,044,595  
5,554,124  
6,550,750  
8,932,059  
1,110  
231,071,697  
 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Demand 
With 
7 days 
notifications 
Up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and 
over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ..............  
6,650,198 
— 
2,165,456 
36,823,863 
8,313,437 
1,333,258 
877,060 
1,160 
56,164,432 
Foreign currency deposits  
20,093,087 
— 
13,142,080 
63,479,684 
4,779,280 
4,687,717 
5,014,165 
- 
111,196,013 
Residents in Turkey .........  
17,632,628 
— 
12,129,420 
61,903,652 
4,149,880 
2,650,519 
1,554,838 
- 
100,020,937 
Residents abroad .............  
2,460,459 
— 
1,012,660 
1,576,032 
629,400 
2,037,198 
3,459,327 
- 
11,175,076 
Public sector deposits ......  
1,189,579 
— 
2,674 
5,483 
459 
99 
23 
- 
1,198,317 
Commercial deposits .......  
5,891,404 
— 
7,599,008 
10,354,409 
1,784,661 
993,821 
62,283 
- 
26,685,586 
Other institutions deposits
 ...................................  
119,735 
— 
 
103,261 
 
1,361,760 
 
231,659 
 
996,277 
 
52,341 
- 
2,865,033 
Precious metals vault .......  
1,162,378 
— 
150,773 
305,887 
45,968 
83,191 
26,594 
- 
1,774,791 
Bank deposits ..................  
1,012,074 
— 
7,465,716 
1,492,358 
297,604 
135,375 
4,174 
- 
10,407,301 
The CBRT .......................  
— 
— 
2,869,462 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 - 
2,869,462 
Domestic banks ...............  
13,728 
— 
4,413,177 
482,447 
270,743 
28,239 
4,174 
- 
5,212,508 
Foreign banks ..................  
224,956 
— 
183,077 
1,009,911 
26,861 
107,136 
- 
- 
1,551,941 
Participation banks ..........  
773,390 
— 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
773,390 
Other ................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................  
6,650,198 
— 
2,165,456 
36,823,863 
8,313,437 
1,333,258 
877,060 
1,160 
56,164,432

--- Page 176 ---
162 
 
 
The following table sets out the currency basis analysis of the deposits (including interest expense accruals for 
all deposits) as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
TL ..................................................... 
138,089,764 
108,173,940  
102,994,590 
92,742,975 
U.S.$ ................................................. 
101,864,543 
85,428,228  
78,813,776 
73,312,671 
€ ........................................................ 
66,326,905 
53,231,479  
43,054,181 
40,688,125 
Other ................................................. 
18,502,486 
17,576,621  
6,209,150 
3,547,702 
Total ................................................. 
324,783,698 
264,410,268 
231,071,697 
210,291,473 
Funds Borrowed 
The following table sets out the Group’s borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
The Central Bank borrowings ........... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
From domestic banks and 
institutions..................................... 
3,797,822  
4,678,976  
3,966,493  
3,727,598  
2,440,872 
2,309,071 
1,319,479  
1,653,153  
From foreign banks, institutions and 
funds ............................................. 
699,290  
42,892,942  
112,035  
38,618,567  
11,503 
40,612,049 
10,117  
44,089,253  
Total ................................................. 
4,497,112  
47,571,918  
4,078,528  
42,346,165  
2,452,375 
42,921,120 
1,329,596  
45,742,406  
 
On 26 October 2021, the Bank entered into a syndicated loan facility comprising of 367-day tranches, with 38 
banks from 19 different countries. The 367-day tranches are comprised of U.S.$360.5 million and EUR 396.5 
million, with a total cost of LIBOR plus 2.15% and EURIBOR plus 1.75%, respectively. The new facility 
replaced the syndicated loan facility that was repaid on 8 November 2021.  
On 6 July 2021, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with European Fund for Southeast Europe for 
EUR 25 million with a maturity of 6 years. The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to support farmers, 
micro and small businesses within the scope of agricultural enterprises. 
On 25 June 2021, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with Green for Growth Fund for EUR 15 
million with a maturity of 6 years. The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to finance loans for energy 
efficiency and renewable energy projects. 
On 24 June 2021, the Bank entered into a term loan facility agreement with a private investor for U.S.$130 
million with a maturity of two years. 
On 21 May 2021, the Bank entered into a syndicated loan facility comprising of 367-day tranches, with 42 banks 
from 20 different countries. The 367-day tranches are comprised of U.S.$351 million and EUR 501.15 million, 
with a total cost of LIBOR plus 2.50% and EURIBOR plus 2.25%, respectively. The new facility replaced the 
syndicated loan facility that was repaid on 1 June 2021.  
On 20 January 2021, the Bank issued Tier 2 notes with a nominal amount of U.S$500 million with a maturity 
of 10 years and annual rate of 7.875%. Interest will be paid semi-annually in arrear and the Bank has a call 
option at the end of fifth year. 
On 4 January 2021, the Bank entered into a term loan facility agreement with a private investor for U.S.$35 
million with a maturity of one year and one week. 
On 21 January 2020, the Bank issued a private placement Green Bond for U.S.$ 50 million with a maturity 
around 5 years. 
On 20 December 2019, the Bank issued TL 400,000,000 Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2024. 
In October 2019, the Bank issued Tier 2 notes totalling TL 300 million to investors in Turkey.

--- Page 177 ---
163 
 
 
On 2 July 2019, the Bank priced a floating–rate Tier-2 issuance to qualified investors, with a coupon rate of 3M 
TRLIBOR + 100 bps (6.3647% for the first coupon payment on 2 October 2019) with a transaction size of 
TL500m and an initial maturity of 10 years, callable at the end of the 5th year.  
On 15 March 2019, the Bank issued TL 400,000,000 Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2024. 
On 14 March 2019, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 8.25% senior notes due 2024. The interest on the notes 
will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 25 February 2019, three new tranches were issued from the DPR securitisation programme and the total 
proceeds amount U.S.$711.6 million, with two series having a final maturity of six years and one series with a 
eight year final maturity. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of three commercial 
banks. 
On 15 January 2019, the Bank issued AT1 notes with a nominal amount of U.S.$650 million in compliance with 
the features specified in the Article 7 of the BRSA Equity Regulation entitled “Additional Tier 1”. These debt 
instruments are eligible to be included in the Additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank, with no specified maturity, 
having the early redemption every five years after issuance subject to BRSA approval and with an annual rate 
of 13.875% for the first five years having coupon payments every 6 months. If the core Tier 1 ratio falls below 
5.125%, it may be subject to temporary value reduction. These debt instruments will be traded on the Ireland 
Stock Exchange. Out of the total issuance, U.S.$400 million nominal amount was purchased by Koç Holding 
A.Ş. and UniCredit S.p.A. in equal amounts, and these purchased amounts were committed not to be sold for 
180 days. UniCredit S.p.A. sold such notes following the lapse of the 180-day period. 
On 16 January 2019, the Bank partially repaid U.S.$200 million of the subordinated loan of the total U.S.$470 
million granted by UniCredit Bank Austria AG on 18 December 2013 with a maturity of 10 years, which was 
structured in accordance with the features specified in the Article 8 of the BRSA Regulation on the Equity of 
Banks, and repayable by the debtor after 5 years from the issuance. The paid amount has been realized as 
U.S.$190 million principal and plus accrued interest in accordance with the valuation report prepared under 
CMB regulations. 
On 20 December 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$75 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme (as 
defined below) with a maturity of six years. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of 
one commercial bank. 
On 19 July 2018, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with Proparco for EUR25 million with a 
maturity of 10 years. The Bank will use the proceeds of the facility to finance loans for energy efficiency and 
renewable energy projects. 
On 30 May 2018, the Bank issued TL 410,000,000 Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2023. 
On 17 May 2018, the Bank entered into a syndicated loan facility comprising of 367-day and two-year tranches,  
On 16 March 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 6.10% senior notes due 2023. The interest on the notes 
will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 27 February 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$100 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme (as 
defined below) with a maturity of seven years. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement 
of one commercial bank.  
On 20 February 2018, the Bank entered into a loan facility agreement with the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development (“EBRD”) for U.S.$15 million with a maturity of 15 years. The facility will 
be used to finance mortgages, green mortgages and residential resource efficiency projects in Turkey. 
On 5 February 2018, the Bank issued U.S.$115 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme with a 
maturity of ten years. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of one commercial bank.  
On 21 December 2017, the Bank issued seven new tranches under its DPR securitisation programme with total 
proceeds of EUR140 million and U.S.$285 million, of which six tranches had a maturity of five years and one 
tranche had a seven year maturity. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of seven 
different commercial banks.

--- Page 178 ---
164 
 
 
On 21 October 2016, the Bank established a new financing programme which will enable the Bank to issue 
mortgage covered bonds outside of Turkey, up to EUR1 billion or its equivalent in other currencies or Turkish 
Lira in various formats and maturities (the “DPR securitisation programme”).  
On 13 October 2017, the Bank issued TL 528,750,000 Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2022, the Bank’s 
first Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds issuance, and on 20 February 2018, the bank issued TL 229,050,000 
Mortgage Backed Covered Bonds due 2023. The proceeds will fund mortgages, green mortgages and residential 
resource efficiency projects in Turkey.  
On 21 June 2017, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million 5.85% senior notes due 2024. The interest on the notes will 
be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 24 February 2017, the Bank issued U.S.$600 million 5.75% senior notes due 2022. The interest on the notes 
will be paid semi-annually with the principal payment due at maturity. 
On 14 July 2015, the Bank issued U.S.$575.12 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme, with 
maturities between 5 to 12 years. For more information regarding the DPR securitisation programme see “—
Marketable Securities Issued”. 
On 10 March 2015, the Bank issued U.S.$416 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme, with 
maturities between 5 to 10 years. 
On 2 October 2014, the Bank issued U.S.$550 million notes under its DPR securitisation programme, with a 
maturity of 20 years. 
On 26 July 2013, five new tranches were issued from the DPR securitisation programme and the total proceeds 
amount to EUR 115 million and U.S.$355 million, with four series having a final maturity of five years and one 
series with a 13 year final maturity. The transaction was a private placement with the involvement of four 
commercial banks and one supranational. 
On 27 June 2013, the Bank entered into a Loan Agreement with the EBRD in the amount of EUR100 million 
to be used by private sector micro, small and large SMEs for the purposes of energy efficiency. The loan will 
be disbursed in tranches. The Bank utilised the first tranche, in the amount of U.S.$55 million, on 11 July 2013. 
On 6 December 2012, the Bank issued Basel II (as defined below in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Basel 
III”) compliant U.S.$1 billion subordinated notes with a ten year maturity at a 5.5% coupon rate. The proceeds 
of the issuance have been qualified for Tier 2 capital treatment however they are currently subject to 
grandfathering. 
On 24 February 2012, the Bank obtained a U.S.$585 million subordinated loan from UniCredit Bank Austria 
AG with a ten year maturity (callable after five years). The loan has an all in cost of six month LIBOR + 8.30%. 
The subordinated loan replaced the existing loan that was received from UniCredit Bank Austria AG in the 
amount of EUR450 million, maturing on 28 September 2012. With written approval of the BRSA dated 
20 February 2012, this loan was approved as subordinated loan and can be taken into consideration as 
supplementary capital when calculating the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios. On 9 January 2013, the Bank repaid 
this loan in full and replaced it with a further U.S.$585 million subordinated loan from UniCredit Bank Austria 
AG with a ten year maturity (callable after five years) subject to a fixed interest rate of 5.5%. On 29 January 
2015, relevant articles of the loan agreement were amended in accordance with Article 8 of the BRSA’s 
Regulation Regarding Equity of Banks. In addition, the interest rate in the credit agreement has been updated to 
5.70%. 
In November 2011, the Bank drew down a EUR 50 million equivalent tranche (borrowed in U.S. dollars) under 
its EUR 200 million Climate Change Facility signed with the EIB on December 2010, with a maturity of 
15 years (with a five-year grace period), to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. This 
tranche will mature on 3 November 2026. 
On 22 September 2011, the SPC issued another EUR 75 million notes for the benefit of the Bank through 
Series 2011 E Notes under the same DPR programme. The notes were privately placed with a supranational 
institution. The series has a final maturity of 12 years.

--- Page 179 ---
165 
 
 
The following table sets out the maturity structure of the Group’s borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
Short term ..................... 
3,409,400  
10,869,159  
4,071,043  
10,847,747  
2,394,340  
12,620,395  
1,303,939 
13,622,616 
Medium and Long term 
1,087,712  
36,702,759  
7,485  
31,498,418  
58,035  
30,300,725  
25,657 
32,119,790 
Total ............................ 
4,497,112  
47,571,918  
4,078,528  
42,346,165  
2,452,375  
42,921,120  
1,329,596 
45,742,406 
 
The Group has entered into a number of Turkish Lira and foreign currency financings with banks and other 
financial institutions, which have an average maturity of 12 months. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Group had funds borrowed of TL 52,069,030 thousand. 
Marketable Securities Issued 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s marketable securities issued as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2019 
2018 
2017 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Bills ........................................  
7,009,144  
— 
4,295,582 
— 
5,098,851 
— 
1,373,498 
— 
Asset backed securities ..........  
 —  
3,039,473  
— 
3,511,774  
— 
3,746,311 
— 
3,835,712 
Bonds .....................................  
1,471,948 
18,343,647 
1,610,481 
15,210,524  
1,642,095 
14,733,934 
2,526,863  
13,706,130  
Total ......................................  
8,481,092  
21,383,120  
5,906,063 
18,722,298 
6,740,946 
18,480,245 
3,900,361 
17,541,842 
The Bank maintains programmes registered with the CMB under which it may issue bonds in the domestic 
market in local currency.   
In November 2020, the Bank renewed with the CMB its programme to issue domestic bonds up an aggregate 
amount of TL 25 billion. From November 2020 through September 2021, the Bank issued an aggregate amount 
of TL 11,552 million in such domestic bonds under this programme and, as of September 2021, the Bank’s total 
outstanding local currency bonds under this programme were TL 5,385 million. Bonds issued under this 
programme have no restrictions on early redemption at the investors’ request or by repurchasing the bonds in 
the secondary market. In November 2021 the Bank renewed the programme’s registration with the CMB to 
issue domestic bonds up to an aggregate amount of TL 25 billion for an additional year.  
Additionally, the Bank maintains a programme registered with the CMB to issue up to TL 5 billion in 
subordinated domestic bonds and under this programme the Bank issued TL 500 million and TL 300 million of 
10-year subordinated bonds in July 2019 and October 2019, respectively.  The subordinated bonds issued under 
this programme qualify as Tier 2 captial under the Basel III framework. 
Guarantees and Warranties 
The Group enters into certain financial instruments with off balance sheet risk in the normal course of business 
in order to meet the needs of its customers. These instruments, which include letters of guarantee, bank 
acceptances, import letters of acceptance and other commitments and liabilities, involve varying degrees of 
credit risk and are not reflected in the balance sheet. As of 30 September 2021, the Group had issued letters of 
credit amounting to TL 18,811,123 thousand (U.S.$ 2,127,161 thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to TL 
97,827.818 thousand (U.S.$ 81,314,767 thousand) and bank acceptances amounting to TL 340,517 thousand 
(U.S.$ 38,506 thousand), compared to letters of credit amounting to TL 9,340,321 thousand (U.S.$ 1,272,437 
thousand), letters of guarantee amounting to TL 81,314,767 thousand (U.S.$ 11,077,552 thousand) and bank 
acceptances amounting to TL 238,025 thousand (U.S.$ 32,426 thousand) as of 31 December 2020, compared 
to letters of credit amounting to TL 12,486,372  thousand (U.S.$ 2,102,012  thousand), letters of guarantee 
amounting to TL 68,902,358  thousand (U.S.$ 11,599,333  thousand) and bank acceptances amounting to TL 
156,431  thousand (U.S.$ 26,334  thousand) as of 31 December 2019 and TL 11,192,813 thousand 
(U.S.$2,127,547), letters of guarantee amounting to TL 66,468,231 thousand (U.S.$12,634,384 thousand) and 
bank acceptances amounting to TL 200,915 thousand (U.S.$38,190  thousand) as of 31 December 2018. 
Maximum exposure to credit losses for letters of guarantee, bank acceptances and letters of credit is represented 
by the contractual amount of these transactions. Since many of the guarantees and warranties are expected to 
expire without being drawn upon, the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The

--- Page 180 ---
166 
 
 
ratio of non cash commitments to total loans (cash and non cash loans) was 26.4% as of 31 December 2020 
compared to 28.1% as of 31 December 2019 and 28% as of 31 December 2018. 
The following table sets out certain details on guarantees and warrantees on a consolidated basis as of the dates 
indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Letters of guarantee ........................................... 
97,827,818  
81,314,767 
68,902,358  
66,468,231 
Bank acceptances .............................................. 
340,517  
238,025 
156,431  
200,915 
Letters of credit.................................................. 
18,811,123  
9,340,321 
12,486,372  
11,192,813 
Prefinancing given as guarantee ........................ 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Endorsement ...................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other guarantees ................................................ 
5,880,074  
5,095,378  
3,833,466  
4,015,050 
Other warrantees ................................................ 
5,211,567  
4,886,914  
4,079,454  
3,908,180 
Total guarantees and warrantees .................. 
128,071,099 
100,875,405 
89,458,081 
85,785,189 
As of 30 September 2021, the volume of letters of guarantee amounted to TL 97,827,818 thousand (U.S.$ 
11,062,366  thousand), compared to TL 81,314,767  thousand (U.S.$ 11,077,552  thousand) as of 31 December 
2020, compared to TL 68,902,358 thousand (U.S.$ 11,599,333 thousand) as of 31 December 2019 and TL 
66,468,231 thousand (U.S.$12,634,384 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. The overall increase was mainly 
driven by the improvement in the international trade finance activities of the Bank. 
As of 30 September 2021 the volume of letters of credit amounted to TL 18,811,123  thousand (U.S.$ 2,127,161  
thousand), compared to TL 9,340,321  thousand (U.S.$ 1,272,437  thousand) as of 31 December 2020, compared 
to TL 12,486,372 thousand (U.S.$ 2,102,012 thousand) as of 31 December 2019 and TL 11,192,813 thousand 
(U.S.$2,127,547 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. 
Contractual Obligations 
In the course of its business, the Group enters into various contractual arrangements that require it to make 
payments of various amounts over time. As a result of the relative short maturity of deposits in Turkey generally, 
the Group uses these types of financings to extend the maturity of its funding sources. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Group had outstanding syndicated loans of TL 15,806,601  thousand, compared 
to TL 13,348,550  thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 12,281,888 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 
13,798,702 thousand as of 31 December 2018. In addition, the Group had subordinated debt amounting to TL 
26,998,856  thousand as of 30 September 2021, compared to TL 22,655,054  thousand as of 31 December 2020, 
TL 18,580,039 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 13,557,153 thousand as of 31 December 2018. 
Capital Adequacy 
Banks in Turkey are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, which are 
based upon the standards established by the Bank of International Settlements (“BIS”). These guidelines require 
banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet 
exposures. 
A bank’s capital adequacy ratio is calculated by taking the aggregate of its Tier 1 capital (which comprises paid 
in capital, retained earnings and profit (or loss, if any) for the current periods) and its Tier 2 capital (which 
comprises general and subordinated loans obtained) minus deductions (which comprise participations to 
financial institutions, negative differences between fair and book values of subsidiaries and goodwill), and 
dividing the result by risk-weighted assets, which reflect both credit risk, market risk and operational risk. In 
accordance with these guidelines, banks must maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of a minimum of 8%. By 
taking into account banks’ internal systems, assets and financial structure, the BRSA is authorised to (i) increase 
the minimum capital adequacy ratio, (ii) set different ratios for each bank, and (iii) revise the risk weighting of 
assets that are based upon participation accounts. If a bank’s capital adequacy ratio is below the ratio set by the 
BRSA, certain restrictions are imposed.

--- Page 181 ---
167 
 
 
The following table sets out information on the Group’s consolidated capital and its capital adequacy ratios as 
of 30 September 2021 and as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 all computed based upon BRSA guidelines 
under Basel I. 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Paid in Capital ............................................................. 
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
Retained Earnings ........................................................ 
34,038,657 
29,459,139 
25,884,402 
21,216,976 
Profit ............................................................................ 
8,572,044 
6,719,472 
5,240,014 
6,307,380 
Net Current Period Profit ........................................ 
6,932,090 
5,079,518 
3,600,060 
4,667,426 
Prior Period Profit ................................................... 
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
Tier 1 Capital (I) .......................................................... 
58,777,668 
51,352,086 
44,629,142 
34,495,480 
Tier 2 Capital (II) ......................................................... 
10,034,476 
11,430,854 
10,094,090 
10,414,487 
Deductions (III) ........................................................... 
61,064 
42,199 
39,509 
43,759 
Own Funds (I+II-III) ................................................... 
68,638,108 
62,571,137 
54,683,723 
44,866,207 
Risk Weighted Assets (including market risk) ........... 
415,044,782 
362,826,562 
326,754,145 
302,881,004 
Capital Ratios (%): 
 
 
 
 
Tier 1 Capital/Risk Weighted Assets(1) ................... 
14,16 
14,15 
13.66 
11.39 
Own Funds/Risk Weighted Assets(1) ...................... 
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
16.74 
14.81 
(1) 
The capital adequacy ratios presented as of 30 September 2021 reflect the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratios without forbearances would be 13.65% and 15.97% for the Tier 1 
Capital / Risk Weighted Assets capital adequacy ratio and Own Funds/Risk Weighted Assets capital adequacy ratio, respectively. 
The Bank and its individually regulated operations were in compliance with all the above mentioned capital 
adequacy requirements throughout the above indicated periods. 
The Group’s total capital adequacy ratio under Basel II was 16.54% (or 15.97% without Temporary 
Forbearances) as of 30 September 2021, compared to 17.25% as of 31 December 2020, 16.74% as of 31 
December 2019 and 14.81% as of 31 December 2018. The Bank-only total capital adequacy ratio was 17.49% 
(or 16.90% without Temporary Forbearances) as of 30 September 2021, compared to 17.64% as of 31 December 
2020, 17.81% as of 31 December 2019 and 16.07% as of 31 December 2018.  
In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements. As a result, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Turkish banks are subject to Basel III capital adequacy requirements regarding regulatory 
capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements.  
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA published certain amendments to the Equity Regulation and the Regulation 
regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks and the 
2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation, all of which entered into force on 31 March 2016. On 20 January 2016, the 
BRSA also introduced certain amendments to existing regulations with a view to continuing its efforts to adopt 
Basel III requirements. These amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016, except for the amendments 
relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios which entered into force on 20 January 2016. 
The amendments relate to equity requirements, liquidity coverage ratios, internal systems and internal capital 
adequacy ratios, capital adequacy requirements, risk assessment models and calculation of market risk, credit 
risk calculations, credit risk mitigation methods, risk management disclosures and financial statement 
disclosures. Lastly, on 22 June 2016, the BRSA introduced an amendment to the Equity Regulation to change 
the items taken into account in equity calculation with an enforcement date of 1 January 2017, and also 
published a draft Communiqué on Principles for Debt Instruments to be Included in Equity Calculations by 
Banks to introduce certain rules in relation to conversion and write-down of debt instruments to be included in 
additional Tier I or Tier II capital. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry— The 
Group is subject to changes in international and domestic banking regulation, which have in the past and may 
in the future change rapidly” above and “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy” in the Base 
Prospectus. The BRSA Decision on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer amended the countercyclical capital 
buffer for Turkish bank’s exposures in Turkey. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking 
Industry—The profitability and profitability growth of Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods 
may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking 
sector”. 
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation introducing a methodology for assessing the 
degree to which banks are systemically important in the domestic market. The contemplated methodology 
requires the identification of the Turkish D-SIBs under four different categories based on their previous year-

--- Page 182 ---
168 
 
 
end consolidated financial statements, and requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1 to 3% of 
additional core capital (ilave çekirdek sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets. This additional core capital 
requirement that came into effect on 31 March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below. 
Groups 
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
from 1 January 
2019 
4th group (empty) ....................................................................  
0.75 
1.5 
2.25 
3 
3rd group ..................................................................................  
0.5 
1 
1.5 
2 
2nd group .................................................................................  
0.375 
0.75 
1.125 
1.5 
1st group ..................................................................................  
0.25 
0.5 
0.75 
1 
The Bank has been classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, and was classified into the second group for the year ended 31 December 2019. See 
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Sector—The profitability and profitability growth of 
Turkish banks, including the Group, in recent periods may not be sustainable as a result of regulatory, 
competitive and other factors impacting the Turkish banking sector” and “—Significant Factors Affecting 
Results of Operations—Turkish Economy”. 
Following the attempted coup in July 2016, Moody’s placed Turkey’s sovereign credit rating, and the ratings 
of 17 Turkish banks, on review for potential downgrade; S&P downgraded Turkey’s sovereign rating from 
“BB+” to “BB”, and did the same for the credit ratings of five Turkish banks; and Fitch changed Turkey’s 
sovereign rating outlook from “stable” to “negative.” Moody’s then downgraded Turkey’s sovereign rating from 
“Baa3” to “Ba1” in September 2016. On 4 November 2016, although S&P affirmed the country’s long-term 
foreign credit rating at BB, it upgraded its outlook for Turkey’s sovereign credit rating to “stable” from 
“negative”, which was then cut back to “negative” on 27 January 2016. On the same day, Fitch downgraded 
Turkey’s sovereign rating from “BBB-” to “BB+” with a stable outlook. With this downgrade, Turkey’s rating 
is currently below investment grade from the “big three” rating agencies. Following the Fitch downgrade, the 
risk weights of foreign exchange reserves, foreign exchange securities and foreign exchange exposure for 
Turkish banks was expected to increase from 50% to 100%. This was expected to have an adverse impact on 
the capital ratios of Turkish banks. However, the BRSA sent a letter to the Turkish banks within the same month 
in which it lowered the risk weights of foreign exchange reserves to 0%, while the risk weights of foreign 
exchange securities and foreign exchange exposure remained at 100%. This change, on an overall basis had 
either no impact or a positive impact on the capital ratios of Turkish banks. For the Bank, the net impact of the 
BRSA’s letter and Fitch downgrade was an improvement of 25 bps on the Bank’s capital ratios. Currently, the 
Group continues to use Fitch to calculate its risk-weighting for Turkish sovereign debt. See “Risk Factors—
Risks Related to the Turkish Banking Industry—The Group is subject to changes in international and domestic 
banking regulation, which have in the past and may in the future change rapidly”. Capital erosion remains a 
risk for the banking industry if the Turkish Lira were to face further depreciation pressures and Turkish Lira 
bonds were to suffer a significant sell-off. Management currently estimates that a 10% depreciation of the 
Turkish Lira would result in an average of approximately 50 bps CET1 and approximately 40 bps capital 
adequacy ratio erosion for the Group, excluding any affect of the Temporary Forbearances. The impact of further 
depreciation beyond 10% is estimated to have a dimishing negative impact on our capital adequacy ratio. 
Overall, management expects that Turkey’s downgrade to below investment grade bond status may have 
medium-term negative implications on key macroeconomic balances.  
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Group’s accounting policies used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the BRSA 
are integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition presented in the Annual BRSA 
Financial Statements and the notes thereto. The Group’s significant accounting policies are described in Section 
three of the Annual BRSA Financial Statements. The preparation of these financial statements requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. On an on-going basis, management evaluates 
its estimates and judgments, including those related to allowance for losses, investments, income taxes, 
financing operations and contingencies, litigation and arbitration. Management bases its estimates and judgment 
upon historical experience and various other factors that it considers to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

--- Page 183 ---
169 
 
 
Management believes that the following significant accounting policies require critical judgments or estimates 
or involve a degree of complexity in application that affects the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Explanations on interest income and expense 
Interest income and expenses are recognised in the income statement on an accrual basis periodically by the 
effective interest method.  
As per Uniform Chart of Accounts (“UCA”), retrospective rediscount calculation and foreign exchange 
evaluation are performed for NPLs, and accrued interest and rediscounts on loans are accounted under loan 
accrual/rediscount accounts when such loan is transferred to NPL accounts. The Bank ceases accruing interest 
after NPL classification. Instead, the interest amount representing the time value of future collections is 
recognized under interest income instead of provision expense. 
Explanations on fee and commission income and expenses 
Fees and commissions received as a result of the service agreements or arising from negotiating or participating 
in the negotiation of a transaction on behalf of a third party are recognized either in the period when the 
transaction is realized or deferred based on the type of the underlying transaction. Other commission income 
and fees from various banking services are recorded as income at the time of realization. 
Except for fees and commissions that are integral part of the effective interest rates of financial instruments 
measured at amortized costs, the fees and commissions are accounted for in accordance with TFRS 15. 
Explanations on financial assets 
As of 1 January 2018, the Group has applied TFRS 9 and classifies its financial assets in the following 
measurement categories: 
• 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss;  
• 
Fair value through other comprehensive income; and 
• 
Amortised cost. 
According to TFRS 9 classification of financial assets is based on two criteria; classification and measurement 
of financial assets depend on the business model of the financial asset and contractual cash flows representing 
solely payments of principal and interest of the financial asset. This evaluation incorporates whether there is 
any clause that may change timing or amount of contractual cash flows of the financial asset. 
 
Classification of financial assets reflects the business model of how the Group manages the assets in order to 
generate cash flows. The Bank’s business model may be to collect solely the contractual cash flows from the 
assets or to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from the sale of assets. If neither of 
these is applicable, then the financial assets are classified as part of ‘other’ business model and measured at fair 
value through profit or loss. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model for a group of 
assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were collected, how the asset’s 
performance is evaluated and reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and 
how managers are compensated. Securities held for trading are held principally for the purpose of selling in the 
near term or are part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is 
evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking. These securities are classified in the ‘other’ 
business model and measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets, which are classified as “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”, are trading financial 
assets and are either acquired for generating profit from short-term fluctuations in the price or dealer’s margin, 
or are the financial assets included in a portfolio in which a pattern of short-term profit making exists 
independent from the acquisition purpose. 
 
Trading financial assets are initially recognized at fair value and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value. 
However, if fair values cannot be obtained from active market transactions, it is assumed that the fair value 
cannot be measured reliably and fair values are calculated by alternative models. All gains and losses arising

--- Page 184 ---
170 
 
 
from these valuations are recognized in the income statement. Interest earned while holding financial assets is 
reported as interest income and dividends received are included separately in dividend income. 
 
The principles regarding the accounting of derivative financial instruments are explained in detail in Note 4 to 
the Interim BRSA Financial Statements. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest, are measured at amortised cost. These financial assets are initially recognized at the 
total of acquisition and transaction cost. After their initial recognition they are carried at “amortised cost” using 
the “effective interest method”. 
Loans and receivables 
Loans are financial assets raised through lending without having the intention to trade in the short term. Loans 
are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities that are not quoted 
on an active market. Loans are recognised initially at cost including transaction costs (which reflect fair values) 
and subsequently carried at the amortised cost using the “effective interest method”. The expenses incurred for 
the assets received as collateral are not considered as transaction costs and are recognised in the expense 
accounts. 
Retail, commercial and corporate loans included in cash loans are accounted for with their original maturities 
in accounts which are mentioned in the UCA. Foreign currency indexed loans are initially measured at local 
currency accounts with the foreign exchange rate prevailing at date of the initial recognition and re-valued with 
the relevant foreign currency rates prevailing at the date of the financial statements. Increase or decrease in the 
value of the principal amount of the loan due to changes in foreign exchange rates is accounted in the related 
income and expense accounts. Repayment amounts are translated with the foreign exchange rates prevailing at 
the repayment dates, and the valuation differences are accounted for in foreign exchange gain/loss accounts. 
The Bank provides an expected loss provision based on the assessments and estimates of the management, by 
considering the “Communiqué Related to Principles and Procedures on Determining the Qualifications of 
Banks’ Loans and Other Receivables and the Provision for These Loans and Other Receivables” (“Provisioning 
Regulation”) published in the Official Gazette No. 29750 dated 22 June 2016. In this context, the management 
estimates are determined on the basis of the prudence principle, and the Bank’s credit risk policies considering 
the general structure of the loan portfolio, the financial conditions of the customers, non-financial information 
and the economic conjuncture. 
Provision expenses are deducted from the net income of the year. If there is a subsequent collection from a 
receivable that was already provisioned in previous years, the recovery amount is classified under “Other 
operating income”. Uncollectible receivables are written-off after all the legal procedures are finalised. 
The tables below show the changes to the Group’s volumes of cash loans and expected credit loss between their 
classifications in accordance with TAS 39 as of 31 December 2017 and their new classifications upon transition 
to TFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018: 
 
 
After IFRS9 
 
31 December 2017 
1 January 2018(1) 
 
(TL million) 
Volumes - Cash Loans 
 
 
Stage-1 ...................................................................................................  
194,356 
207,149 
Stage-2 ...................................................................................................  
5,518 
6,749 
Stage-3 ...................................................................................................  
9,164 
9,615 
Total Cash Loans ..................................................................................  
209,038 
223,514 
 
 
After IFRS9 
 
31 December 2017 
1 January 2018 
 
Ratios 
 
 
Stage -1 / Total Loans ............................................................................  
93% 
93% 
Stage -2 / Gross Loans ...........................................................................  
2.6% 
3.0% 
NPL Ratio ..............................................................................................  
4.4% 
4.3% 
 
 
After IFRS9

--- Page 185 ---
171 
 
 
 
31 December 2017 
1 January 2018 
 
(TL million) 
ECL (B/S) 
 
 
Stage-1 ...................................................................................................  
2,659 
1,904 
Stage-2 ...................................................................................................  
232 
623 
Stage-3 ...................................................................................................  
7,039 
8,397 
Total ECL .............................................................................................  
9,929 
10,924 
 
 
After IFRS9 
 
31 December 2017 
1 January 2018 
 
% 
Ratios 
 
 
Stage-1 Coverage ...................................................................................  
1.4% 
0.9% 
Stage-2 Coverage ...................................................................................  
4.2% 
9.2% 
Stage-3 Coverage ...................................................................................  
77% 
87% 
____________ 
(1) Cash loans for 1 January 2018 includes factoring and leasing receivables. 
 
After the transition to TFRS 9, leasing and factoring receivables are included in the cash loan volume with 
classification having changed from stage 1 to stage 2 loans. Stage 2 loans to total loans ratio increased to 3.0% 
in 1 January 2018, from 2.6% in 31 December 2017. The coverage ratios for the different stages, stage 1 and 
stage 2 coverage were at 0.9% and 9.2%; respectively, as at 1 January 2018 (31 December 2017: 1.4% and 
4.2%). Stage 3 (NPL) coverage increased significantly from 31 December 2017, was at 87.0% as of 1 January 
2018 (31 December 2017: 77.0%). The Group’s approach was to increase the Stage 3 coverage in order to permit 
further sales of NPLs in accordance with its past practice, without any negative impact on profit and loss. For 
more information on the Group’s accounting policies, see Section Three, Note 1 to the Interim BRSA Financial 
Statements. As of 30 September 2019, the amount of Stage 2 loans of the Group stood at TL 38,996,225 
thousand (17.5% of performing loans; 15.4% of gross loans) and NPL amount in TL stood at TL 16,936,426 
thousand (7.6% of performing loans; 6.7% of gross loans). 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the assets’ 
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, and that are not designated at fair value through 
profit or loss, are measured at fair value change reflected in the other comprehensive income statement. 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are subsequently re-measured at fair value. 
When fair values based on market prices cannot be obtained reliably, the financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income are carried at fair values determined by using alternative models. Equity 
instruments which are not quoted on a market and the fair values of which cannot be determined reliably, are 
carried at cost less any impairment. “Unrealised gains and losses” arising from changes in the fair value of 
financial assets classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised 
in the shareholders’ equity as “Other accumulated comprehensive income that will be reclassified in profit or 
loss”, until the related assets are impaired or disposed. When these financial assets are disposed or impaired, the 
related fair value differences accumulated in the shareholders’ equity are transferred to the income statement. 
Interest and dividends received from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are 
recorded in interest income and dividend income as appropriate. 
 
Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are calculated by effective 
interest rate method and are accounted for in interest income account. At the time of sale of an financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income before the maturity, the difference between the profit, which 
is the difference between the cost and sales price of the financial assets, and the interest income accrual are 
accounted under “Profit/losses from capital market transactions”. 
Explanations on impairment of financial assets 
The Bank assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instrument 
assets carried at amortised cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income and with the exposure 
arising from loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Group recognises a loss allowance for 
such losses at each reporting date. The measurement of expected credit losses reflects:

--- Page 186 ---
172 
 
 
 
• 
An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible 
outcomes; 
• 
The time value of money; and  
• 
Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting 
date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance: 
 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost and at 
fair value through other comprehensive income is an area that requires the use of advanced models and 
significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour. 
 
These financial assets will be divided into three categories depending on the gradual increase in credit risk 
observed since their initial recognition. Impairment shall be recognised on outstanding amounts in each 
category, as follows: 
 
• 
Stage 1:  
 
For financial assets at initial recognition or for those that do not have a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition. Impairment for credit risk will be recorded in the amount of 12-month expected 
credit losses. 
 
• 
Stage 2:  
 
In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the financial asset will be 
transferred to this category. Impairment for credit risk will be determined on the basis of the 
instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
• 
Stage 3: 
 
Stage 3 includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date. For 
these assets, lifetime expected credit losses are recognised and interest revenue is calculated on the net 
carrying amount. 
Explanations on obligations related to employee rights 
Employee termination benefits 
Obligations related to severance pay and vacation rights are accounted for in accordance with “Turkish 
Accounting Standard for Employee Rights” (“TAS 19”) and are classified under “Reserve for employee rights” 
account in the balance sheet. 
Under the Turkish Labour Law, the Group is required to pay a specific amount to the employees who have 
retired or whose employment is terminated other than for the reasons specified in the Turkish Labour Law. The 
reserve for severance pay represents the present value of the estimated total liability for the future probable 
obligation of the Group determined by using certain actuarial assumptions. Actuarial gains and losses generated 
after January 1, 2013, are accounted for under equity in accordance with the revised “TAS 19- Employee Rights” 
standard. 
Pension rights 
The Bank’s personnel are members of the Yapı ve Kredi Bankasi Anonim Sirketi Mensuplari Yardim ve Emekli 
Sandiği Vakfi (the “Fund”) which was established in accordance with the 20th temporary article of the Social 
Security Law No. 506. The technical financial statements of the Fund are audited in accordance with the 
Article 38 of the Insurance Supervision Law and the Regulation Regarding the Actuaries” by a registered 
independent actuary.

--- Page 187 ---
173 
 
 
Temporary article 23 paragraph one of the Banking Act published in the Official Gazette No 25983 dated 
1 November 2005 stated that foundations like the Fund are to be transferred to the Social Security Institution 
(“SSI”) within three years beginning from the publication date of the article. 
The article of the Law related to the transfer was cancelled (pursuant to the application by the President on 
2 November 2005) by the decision of the Constitutional Court (decision no: E.2005/39, K. 2007/33 dated 
22 March 2007) published in the Official Gazette No. 26479 dated 31 March 2007, and the effect of the law 
article was suspended from the date of the publication of the decision. 
The reasoning of the Constitutional Court regarding the abrogation of the corresponding article was published 
in the Official Gazette dated 15 December 2007, No 26372. With the publication of the reasoning of the 
decision, the Grand National Assembly of Turkey (“GNAT”) started to work on new legal arrangements 
regarding the transfer of the fund members to SSI and the related articles of the “Law Regarding the Changes 
in Social Insurance and General Health Insurance Law and Other Related Laws and Regulations” No 5754 (the 
“New Law”) regulating the transfer or the funds were approved by the GNAT on 17 April 2008. The New Law 
was published in the Official Gazette No. 26870 dated 8 May 2008. With the New Law, the banks’ pension 
funds will be transferred to SSI within three years from the date of publication of the decree and this period can 
be extended for a maximum of two years with the decision of the Council of Ministers. The transfer period was 
extended for another two years with the decision of the Council of Ministers No. 2011/1559 published in the 
Official Gazette dated 9 April 2011. According to the “Amendment of Social Insurance and General Health 
Insurance Law No. 6283” published in the Official Gazette dated 8 March 2012, Council of Ministers was 
authorised to increase the two-year extension period mentioned above to four years. According to the decision 
of the Council of Ministers dated 24 February 2014, the transfer date was set at May 2015. The Council of 
Ministers was authorised to determine the transfer date of pension funds in accordance with the last amendment 
of provisional article 20, paragraph one of Law No.5510, implemented by Law No. 6645 on Amendment of the 
Occupational Health and Safety Law and Other Laws and Decree Laws published in the Official Gazette No. 
29335 dated 23 April, 2015. 
A commission is in charge of the calculation of the value of the payment that would need to be made to SSI to 
settle the obligation using a technical interest rate of 9.8% by law taking into consideration income and expenses 
by insurance branches of the funds and the excess of salaries and income paid by the funds over the salaries and 
income to be paid in accordance with the SSI arrangements which should not be less than SSI arrangements, 
related to the members of the Fund as of the date of the transfer including the members who have left the scheme.  
In accordance with the New Law, after the transfer to SSI, any social rights and payments to Fund members and 
their beneficiaries which are not provided although they are included in the Fund Title Deed will continue to be 
provided by the Fund and the employers of the Fund members. 
The Bank accounts for a provision for the technical deficit based on the report prepared by a registered actuary 
in accordance with the rates determined by the New Law. 
Defined contribution plans 
The Bank is required to pay certain contributions to the SSI on behalf of their employees. Other than these 
payments the Group does not have any further obligation in this respect. Such premiums are charged to 
personnel expenses when incurred. 
Short term benefits of employee 
In accordance with TAS 19, the Group measures the expected costs of accumulated paid leave as expected 
payments it will make due to unused leave rights as at the end of the reporting date. 
Critical Accounting Estimates 
The Group makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities within the 
next financial year. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on management’s 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under 
the circumstances. Management also makes certain judgments, apart from those involving estimations, in the 
process of applying the accounting policies. These disclosures supplement the commentary significant

--- Page 188 ---
174 
 
 
accounting policies and financial risk management. Judgments, other than those involving estimations, that have 
the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements include: 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows, where those cash flows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest, are measured at amortised cost. These financial assets are initially recognised at the 
sum of acquisition and transaction cost. After their initial recognition they are carried at “amortised cost” using 
the “effective interest method”. 
Finance leases and derecognition of financial assets 
Management applies judgment to determine if substantially all of the significant risks and rewards of ownership 
of financial assets and lease assets are transferred to counterparties, in particular which risks and rewards are 
the most significant and what constitutes substantially all risks and rewards. 
Special purpose entities 
Judgment is also required to determine whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and a 
special purpose entity indicates that the special purpose entity is controlled by the Group. 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimating uncertainty at the reporting date, 
that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year are discussed below. 
Impairment of available-for-sale equity investments 
The Group reviews its debt securities classified as available-for-sale investments at each statement of financial 
position, in order to assess whether they are impaired. This requires similar judgment as applied to the individual 
assessment of loans and receivables. 
The Group determines that available-for-sale equity investments are impaired when there has been a significant 
or prolonged decline in the fair value below its cost. The determination of what is significant or prolonged 
requires judgment. In making this judgment the Group evaluates, among other factors, the volatility in share 
price and the duration and extent to which the fair value of an investment is less than its cost. In addition, 
objective evidence of impairment may be deterioration in the financial health of the investee, industry and sector 
performance, changes in technology, and operational or financing cash flows. Had all the declines in fair value 
below cost been considered significant or prolonged, the Group would not suffer any additional loss, being the 
transfer of the total debt balance in the fair value reserve to profit or loss. 
Impairment losses on loans and receivables 
TFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” standard, issued by the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards 
Authority and published in the Official Gazette No. 29953 dated January 19, 2017, replaced TAS 39 Financial 
Instruments: recognition and measurement, for the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The 
new requirements became effective as of 1 January 2018.  
 
TFRS 9 standard sets out the new principles for the classification and measurement of financial instruments, for 
impairment for credit risk on financial assets and for general hedge accounting. It is expected that all 
requirements of TAS 39 will be maintained for hedge accounting. 
 
Fair value of derivatives 
Where valuation techniques (for example, models) are used to determine fair values, they are validated and 
periodically reviewed. To the extent practical, models use only observable data, however areas such as credit 
risk (both own and counterparty), volatilities and correlations require management to make estimates. Changes 
in assumptions about these factors could affect reported fair values. Changing the assumptions not supported by 
observable market data to a reasonably possible alternative would not result in a significantly different profit, 
income, total assets or total liabilities.

--- Page 189 ---
175 
 
 
Tax legislation 
Turkish tax, currency and customs legislation is subject to varying interpretations as disclosed in Section three, 
Note XVII to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017. 
Pension Fund 
The Group determines the present value of funded benefit obligations in accordance with the New Law by using 
several critical actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate, mortality rate, and medical costs as disclosed 
in Section three, Note XVI to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017. 
This approach recognises the obligations of the Group to make payments to the SSI in respect of the benefits 
which will be transferred to the SSI rather than an obligation to make benefit payments to individuals. 
Deferred income tax asset recognition 
Deferred income tax assets are recorded to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefit is probable. The 
future taxable profits and the amount of tax benefits that are probable in the future are based on a medium-term 
business plan prepared by management and extrapolated results thereafter. The business plan is based on 
management expectations that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Goodwill 
Recoverable amount of goodwill was estimated based on value in use calculation as disclosed in Section three, 
Note XII to the Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017.

--- Page 190 ---
176 
 
 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Except as specifically noted herein, the information presented in this section is derived from the BRSA Financial 
Statements (and the notes thereto). This section should be read in conjunction with the BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as with “Presentation of Financial and 
Other Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations”. 
All financial information presented in this Base Prospectus is presented in accordance with BRSA Principles 
unless expressed to the contrary. 
Some of the information included in this section of the Prospectus is not extracted from the Bank’s audited 
financial statements and is unaudited. Such information is derived from the Bank’s internal accounting and 
management information systems (“MIS”) in accordance with the BRSA principles. 
Average Balance Sheet Information and Information on Interest Rates 
The following tables set forth the average consolidated balances of the Group’s interest earning assets and 
interest bearing liabilities, the interest generated from such assets and liabilities and average return rate at each 
date presented. For purposes of the following tables, except as otherwise indicated, the average is calculated on 
a daily basis for each representative period and is based on consolidated figures derived from the Group’s 
internal accounting and MIS in accordance with BRSA Principles. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
Average 
Balance(1) 
Interest 
Average 
Rate (%) 
 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banks ......................... 
21,848,881  
632,948 
5.79 
16,240,714 
1,059,517 
13.05 
5,053,388 
773,117 
30.60 
Loans and receivables 
289,932,49
1  
25,718,793 
17.74 
256,076,37
6 
29,046,377 
22.69 
218,483,37
2 
25,681,345 
23.51 
Marketable securities . 
67,943,748  
7,150,575 
21.05 
53,509,731 
5,447,042 
20.36 
44,394,765 
7,182,346 
32.36 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits ..................... 
247,740,98
3  
8,900,429 
7.19 
220,681,58
5  
15,484,106  
14.03 
191,837,55
3 
14,331,588 
14.94 
Money markets .......... 
18,334,776  
1,472,260 
16.06 
4,914,551  
664,161  
27.03 
9,788,177 
1,506,986 
30.79 
Other funds borrowed  
 
70,823,870  
 
6,009,905 
 
16.97 
69,554,446  
5,925,456  
17.04 
67,071,065 
4,620,544 
13.78 
____________ 
(1) 
Average balances are calculated based on the beginning and ending balances over the relevant period. 
 
Average Interest Earning Assets, Yields, Margins and Spreads 
Marketable Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s marketable securities portfolio comprises of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
financial assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Trading securities are acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them 
in the near term or to form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and 
for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit taking. 
The size of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio increased by 31.49% to TL 103,623,501  thousand (U.S.$ 
11,717,741 thousand) as of 30 September 2021, compared to TL 78,805,549 thousand (U.S.$ 10,735,720 
thousand) as of 31 December 2020, which represented an increase of 38.06% compared to TL 57,081,946 
thousand (U.S.$ 9,609,432 thousand) as of 31 December 2019, which in turn represented an increase of 14.31% 
compared to TL 49,937,515 thousand (U.S.$ 9,492,200 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. The increase for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and the increase for the year ended 31 December 2020 were each 
driven by growth in the CPI-linked bond portfolios. The increase the years ended and 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018 also was driven by growth in the CPI-linked bond portfolios. In U.S. dollar terms, foreign 
currency-denominated securities were relatively stable in 2018. A substantial part of the Turkish Lira securities 
growth emanated from expansion in the volume of CPI-linked bonds. 
In line with the risk management policies of the Group, 71.87% of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio 
comprised financial assets measured at amortised cost as of 30 September 2021, compared to 79.10% as of 31

--- Page 191 ---
177 
 
 
December 2020, 51.87% as of 31 December 2019 and 45.62% as of 31 December 2018, The following table 
sets out an analysis of the composition of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio as of the dates indicated:  
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through profit or loss(1) ...............  
642,108 
676,765 
573,197  
248,156 
Net financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ........................................................................................  
28,508,985  
25,100,560 
26,900,612  
26,883,680 
Net financial assets measured at amortised cost(2) .........................  
74,472,408  
53,028,224 
29,608,137  
22,805,679 
Total marketable securities portfolio .........................................  
103,623,501 
78,805,549 
57,081,946 
49,937,515 
___________ 
 
(1) 
Includes “Government debt securities” (TL 276,714 thousand, TL 93,870 thousand and TL 68,342 thousand as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018, respectively) and “Share certificates” (TL 238,703 thousand, TL 474,330 thousand and TL 177,162 thousand as of 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017.  
 
(2) 
Includes “Held to maturity investments (net)” (TL 53,028,224 thousand, TL 29,608,137 thousand and TL 22,805,679 thousand as of 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively), as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
The interest rates on the Group’s Turkish Lira and foreign currency denominated securities ranged between 
16.80% to 18.08% and from 2.91% to 6.38%, respectively, for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
compared to 15.59% to 15.92% and from 1.74% to 6.42%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
13.32% to 13.46% and from 2.64% to 5.55%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2019 and from 
18.23% to 18.65% and from 2.82% to 5.46%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2018. 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss assets include Government bonds and treasury bills, i.e., 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds, derivatives and also equity 
securities that are either listed or unlisted. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of such assets of the Group as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September  
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Government debt securities ...................................  
204,022  
276,714 
93,870 
68,342 
Share certificates ...................................................  
242,551  
238,703 
474,330 
177,162 
Derivative financial assets held for trading (1) .......  
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other marketable securities ...................................  
195,535 
161,348 
4,997 
2,652 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss .................................................................  
642,108 
676,765 
573,197 
248,156 
____________ 
As of 30 September 2021, the size of the Group’s portfolio decreased by 5.12% to TL 642,108 thousand 
(U.S.$72,610 thousand) from TL 676,765 thousand (U.S.$ 92,196 thousand) as of 31 December 2020, itself a 
18.1% increase from TL 573,197 thousand (U.S.$ 96,495 thousand) as of 31 December 2019, which reflected 
an increase of 130.98% from TL 248,156 thousand (U.S.$ 47,170 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. This 
increase in the Group’s portfolio was driven by the depreciation in Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar as well 
as the adoption of TFRS 9 classification. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are financial assets that are not held for 
trading purposes, nor intended by the Group to be held-to-maturity. The portfolio of such assets consists of 
Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are discounted and coupon securities issued by the Turkish 
Treasury, as well as open ended mutual funds incorporated in Turkey, CLNs, other bonds issued by domestic 
and foreign financial institutions and also equity securities that are either listed or unlisted.

--- Page 192 ---
178 
 
 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the portfolio of such assets of the Group as of the 
dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Debt securities ........................................................ 
28,751,589 
25,203,852 
26,962,313 
27,926,090 
Quoted on stock exchange(1) ............................... 
28,751,589 
25,203,852 
26,665,302 
27,662,947 
Not quoted(2) ........................................................ 
— 
- 
297,011 
263,143 
Share certificates ................................................... 
134,472 
133,715 
125,783 
112,232 
Quoted on stock exchange .................................. 
1,270  
286 
237 
213 
Not quoted ........................................................... 
133,202  
133,429 
125,546 
112,019 
Impairment provision (-)(2) ................................... 
377,076 
237,007 
187,484 
1,154,642 
Other(3) .................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income....................................... 
28,508,985 
25,100,560 
26,900,612 
26,883,680 
____________ 
(1) 
Includes credit linked notes amounting to TL 0 (U.S.$0 thousand) as of 30 September 2021, TL 0 as of 31 December 2020, TL 0 as of 31 
December 2019 and TL 0 as of 31 December 2018. 
(2) 
The figure includes the negative differences between the cost and the market price of the securities and the impairment provisions, if any. 
(3) 
Other includes mutual funds. 
Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed 
maturity that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. These include certain debt investments. 
The Group cannot classify any financial asset as held-to-maturity if it has, during the current financial year or 
during the two preceding financial years, sold or transferred financial assets measured at amortised cost before 
maturity. 
The portfolio of the Group consists of Government bonds, treasury bills and Eurobonds that are purchased at 
discount and coupon securities issued by the Turkish Treasury and foreign government bonds. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of such assets as of the dates 
indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Government bonds ........................................................................  
71,678,059 
50,961,025 
28,391,511 
22,044,650 
Treasury bills .................................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other debt securities ......................................................................  
2,794,349 
2,067,199 
1,216,626 
761,029 
Total Financial Assets Measured at Amortised Cost ..............  
74,472,408 
53,028,224 
29,608,137 
22,805,679 
 
As of 31 December 2020, the size of the portfolio of such assets increased by 40.44% to TL 53,028,224 thousand 
(U.S.$ 7,224,062 thousand) from TL 29,608,137 thousand (U.S.$ 4,984,367 thousand) as of 31 December 2019. 
Maturities of Securities 
The following tables set out the remaining maturities of the Group’s securities based upon the original term to 
maturity (showing lifetime cash flows, which as a result are greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the 
dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 2021 
 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ................................................. 
3,065  
9,734  
80,420  
111,989  
436,900  
642,108  
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ....................... 
62,063  
6,488,911  
16,939,367  
4,929,609  
89,035  
28,508,985  
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost ............................................................... 
282,278  
2,541,692  
28,788,895  
42,859,543  
            —  
74,472,408

--- Page 193 ---
179 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ................................................ 
1,240  
737  
60,955  
212,848  
400,985  
676,765  
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ...................... 
1,307,470  
2,601,380  
17,401,938  
3,701,494  
88,278  
25,100,560  
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .............................................................. 
206,052  
1,259,035  
24,793,095  
26,770,042  
— 
53,028,224  
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ................................................ 
5,159 
4,536 
13,874 
75,296 
474,332 
573,197 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ...................... 
964,996  
3,825,147  
16,955,287  
5,074,837  
80,345  
26,900,612  
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .............................................................. 
997,336  
1,412,070  
11,874,660  
15,324,071  
—  
29,608,137  
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Demand and 
up to 
3 months 
3 months-
1 year 
1 year-
5 years 
Over 5 years 
Term not 
specified 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss .................................................  
2,571 
937 
14,744 
52,657 
177,247 
248,156 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income .......................  
376,330 
2,071,473 
17,315,740 
7,109,204 
66,794 
26,939,541 
Net financial assets measured at amortised 
cost ...............................................................  
121,228 
182,369 
6,924,030 
15,578,052 
— 
22,805,679 
 
Currency breakdown of marketable securities portfolio 
The following table sets out the currencies of the Group’s marketable securities portfolio as of the dates 
indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 2021  
 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total 
Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss .............................................  
301,338  
29,992  
          —   
331,330  
310,778  
642,108  
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ...................  
2,398,097  
1,021,121  
58,834  
3,478,052  
25,030,933  
28,508,985  
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost ..........................................  
26,053,900  
5,270,574  
              — 
31,324,474  
43,147,934  
74,472,408  
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total 
Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss .............................................. 
314,531  
17,112  
— 
331,643  
345,122  
676,765  
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income .................... 
4,147,660  
1,003,171  
105,328 
5,256,159  
19,844,401  
25,100,560  
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost ........................................... 
20,122,651  
2,004,356  
—  
22,127,007  
30,901,217  
53,028,224

--- Page 194 ---
180 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total 
Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ..............................................  
333,907  
8,693  
— 
342,600  
230,597  
573,197  
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ....................  
3,237,174  
686,986  
173,826  
4,097,986  
22,802,626  
26,900,612  
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost ...........................................  
10,264,221  
1,326,122  
1  
11,590,344  
18,017,793  
29,608,137  
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
U.S.$ 
Euro 
Other 
Total 
Foreign 
Currency 
TL 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Net financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ............................................  
213,642  
7,536  
— 
221,178  
26,978  
248,156  
Net financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ..................  
2,584,899  
908,031  
540,278  
4,033,208  
22,906,333  
26,939,541  
Net financial assets measured at 
amortised cost .........................................  
8,684,381  
1,153,991  
— 
9,838,372  
12,967,307  
22,805,679  
 
 
 
Loan Portfolio 
Loans and receivables represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As of 30 September 2021, total 
loans and receivables amounted to TL 371,143,070 thousand (U.S.$41,968,843 thousand), which represented 
62.8% of the Group’s total assets compared to TL 317,211,755 thousand (U.S.$ 43,213,917 thousand) as of 31 
December 2020, which represented 65.2% of the Group’s total assets at that time, 63.9% of total assets as of 31 
December 2019 and 66.8% of total assets as of 31 December 2018. The Group’s net loans and receivables 
increased by 19.6% from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020. On a foreign exchange adjusted basis, 
performing loans of the Group increased by 13.3% in 2020 versus 2019 year-end.  
The Group executed TL 2.7 billion worth of NPL sales during the year ended 31 December 2019, which 
represented 1.1% of its loans and receivables as of 31 December 2019. 
The Group provides financing for various purposes, the majority of which are corporate loans and loans to 
SMEs. However, as demand for longer term financing from existing customers and other high quality corporate 
credits increases, the Group expects the maturity profile of its portfolio to increase further. 
Distribution of Loans and Receivables by Sector 
As of 30 September 2021, The Group’s performing loan portfolio comprised mainly the following segments: 
Turkish Lira company loans (24%), foreign currency company loans (37%), commercial instalment loans (6%), 
credit cards (13%), general purpose consumer loans (15%) and mortgages (4%). Project finance loans make up 
48% of the foreign currency loans (with a contraction of 9% year-over-year). 
As part of its ongoing lending strategy, the Group intends to focus on smaller loans including in the retail 
segment and selected Turkish Lira loans. Lending to individuals through consumer loans (including credit cards) 
rose by 32% year to date, to TL 111,441,491 thousand as of 30 September 2021, mainly due to the subdued loan 
growth driven by the volatility in the operating environment due to macro and political uncertainties, compared 
to TL 84,144,895 thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 66,203,837 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 
60,637,765 thousand as of 31 December 2018. 
The following table sets out the Group’s performing retail and corporate loans by category as of the dates 
indicated in line with the Annual BRSA Financial Statements, including watch list customers:

--- Page 195 ---
181 
 
 
 
As of 30 
Sepember 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Individual loans 
 
 
 
 
Housing ............................................................................................... 
13,243,227 
11,213,004 
10,513,952 
12,468,234 
Credit cards ......................................................................................... 
31,978,007  
24,291,240 
21,002,752 
19,603,053 
Auto .................................................................................................... 
2,235,416  
1,519,194 
622,350 
531,076 
Other ................................................................................................... 
51,158,798 
37,495,835 
25,871,131 
19,623,807 
Total individual loans ....................................................................... 
98,615,448 
74,519,273 
58,010,185 
52,226,170 
Loans to companies (including SMEs) .............................................. 
272,527,622 
242,692,482 
204,643,042 
168,322,653 
Total loans to companies .................................................................. 
272,527,622 
242,692,482 
204,643,042 
168,322,653 
Total ................................................................................................... 
371,143,070 
317,211,755 
262,653,227 
220,548,823 
The Bank expects that its primary growth opportunities in its retail segment will be in general purpose loans as 
well as loans to SMEs, which are presently underpenetrated markets in Turkey compared to Western Europe 
and U.S. markets. The credit card market is also expected to continue to be a focus area for the Bank, although 
with lower growth as it is a well-developed and relatively more penetrated market. 
Composition by Maturity and Interest Rate 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the maturity profile of the Group’s loan portfolio 
(including NPLs) based upon the original term to maturity (showing lifetime cash flows, which as a result are 
greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September  
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Unclassified .......................................................................................  
(7,437,086) 
(5,137,509) 
1,189,720 
(1,231,206) 
Up to 3 months ..................................................................................  
86,520,993  
70,478,213 
59,415,879 
64,425,260  
3 months to 1 year .............................................................................  
109,912,587  
89,629,671 
61,136,517 
56,655,823  
1 year to 5 years .................................................................................  
126,122,565  
110,460,045 
99,725,683 
92,486,004  
Over 5 years .......................................................................................  
30,479,398  
27,040,567 
23,012,811 
22,632,075  
Total loans ........................................................................................  
345,598,457 
292,470,987 
244,480,610 
234,967,956 
 
Composition of Loan Portfolio by Currency 
As of 30 September 2021, foreign currency denominated loans amounted to TL 128,677,553 thousand (U.S.$ 
14,550,852  thousand), or 37.23% of total loans (of which U.S. dollar obligations were the most significant 
portion), compared to TL  117,437,398  thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 102,523,487  thousand as of 31 
December 2019 and TL 111,443,761 thousand (U.S.$ 21,183,402 thousand) as of 31 December 2018. 
The following table sets out an analysis of the composition of the Group’s cash loan portfolio by currency as of 
the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
TL ......................................................................................................  
216,920,904  
175,033,589 
141,957,123  
123,524,195  
U.S.$ ..................................................................................................  
57,510,356  
53,979,353 
48,722,746  
55,842,143  
Euro ...................................................................................................  
67,905,954  
60,830,568 
51,850,016  
53,838,321  
Other ..................................................................................................  
3,261,243  
2,627,477 
1,950,725  
1,763,297  
Total ..................................................................................................  
345,598,457  
292,470,987 
244,480,610  
234,967,956  
 
Foreign currency loans include foreign exchange indexed loans amounting to TL 252,621 thousand as of 30 
September 2021, which have been disclosed as Turkish Lira denominated loans in the BRSA Financial 
Statements (TL 376,236 thousand as of 31 December 2020).

--- Page 196 ---
182 
 
 
Comparison by Loan Classification and Allowances 
The following tables set out a comparison of the Group’s loan portfolio by loan classification and allowances 
as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Standard loans ...............................  
156,218,793  
47,227,668  
31,673,592  
9,641,699  
4,726,202  
249,487,954  
Watch list ...................................... 
41,458,785  
3,000,365  
2,243,270  
900,722  
517,400  
48,120,542  
Loans under legal follow-up ..........  
16,278,186  
1,602,002  
1,167,237  
429,437  
126,397  
19,603,259  
Specific provisions (-) ...................  
10,683,360  
1,413,621  
1,124,999  
330,542  
104,555  
13,657,077  
Total .............................................  
203,272,404 
50,416,414 
33,959,100 
10,641,316 
5,265,444 
303,554,678 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Standard loans ...............................  
130,110,021 
34,753,239  
27,797,548  
9,113,207 
3,728,962 
205,502,977 
Watch list ...................................... 
33,059,190 
2,254,194  
1,398,856  
799,235 
276,438 
37,787,913 
Loans under legal follow-up ..........  
15,876,347 
1,548,208  
1,251,995  
583,330 
102,457 
19,362,337 
Specific provisions (-) ...................  
9,342,081 
1,167,057  
1,063,002  
446,891 
80,442 
12,099,473 
Total .............................................  
169,703,477 
37,388,584  
29,385,397  
10,048,881 
4,027,415 
250,553,754 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit 
Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Standard loans ...............................  
130,775,909 
30,676,654 
26,336,206 
11,586,324 
3,198,087 
202,573,180 
Watch list ...................................... 
29,135,149  
1,946,463  
1,678,442  
645,155  
220,773  
33,625,982  
Loans under legal follow-up ..........  
10,071,226  
1,358,436  
1,156,509  
543,984  
170,207  
13,300,362  
Specific provisions (-) ...................  
7,512,095 
884,225 
598,582 
433,729  
143,522  
9,572,153  
Total .............................................  
162,470,189 
33,097,328 
28,572,575 
12,341,734 
3,445,545 
239,927,371 
Fair value of collateral 
Collateral mainly comprises the following: cash funds, deposits, mortgages of real estate at the land registry and 
mortgages of real estate built on allocated land, export documents, guarantees, and acceptances and pledges on 
vehicles. The following tables show the fair value of collateral under the Group’s watch listed and loans under 
legal follow-up as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Watch list ............................................ 
29,080,101  
322,291  
— 
900,722  
— 
30,303,114  
Loans under legal follow-up(1) ............ 
5,864,474  
212,377  
— 
429,437  
— 
6,506,288  
Total ................................................... 
34,944,575  
534,668  
— 
1,330,159  
— 
36,809,402  
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Watch list ............................................ 
16,868,020 
423,481 
— 
799,235 
— 
18,090,736 
Loans under legal follow-up(1) ............ 
5,622,970 
166,405 
— 
583,330 
— 
6,372,705 
Total ................................................... 
22,490,990 
589,886 
— 
1,382,565 
— 
24,463,441

--- Page 197 ---
183 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Corporate, 
commercial 
and other 
loans 
Consumer 
loans 
Credit Cards 
Financial 
leasing 
Factoring 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Watch list ............................................ 
18,506,067 
311,152 
- 
285,410 
- 
19,102,629 
Loans under legal follow-up(1) ............ 
4,074,692 
138,469 
- 
498,385 
- 
4,711,546 
Total ................................................... 
22,580,759 
449,621 
- 
783,795 
- 
23,814,175 
________ 
____________ 
(1) 
Fair values of collaterals received for non-performing loans are calculated by using hair-cuts over their nominal values in accordance with the 
“Regulation of Procedures for Determination of Qualifications of Loans and Other Receivables by Banks and Provisions to be set aside”. 
Risk 
A description of the Group’s risk management policies is set out in “Risk Management”.The Group uses an 
internal rating model for the evaluation of credit risk management of its corporate and commercial clients, 
classifying them on a scale of 17 grades. The following table shows the Bank’s rating tool concentration by risk 
classes as of the dates indicated: 
 
Rating 
Class(1) 
Concentration level (%) 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Above average ................................................................................................................  
1 — 4 
59.2 
47.5 
48.1 
Average ...........................................................................................................................  
5+ — 6 
34.8 
42.8 
45.1 
Below average ................................................................................................................  
7+— 9 
6.0 
9.7 
6.8 
____________ 
(1) 
For corporate and commercial clients only. 
Scoring models are also used throughout the granting (underwriting) and monitoring (RiskMon) processes for 
consumer loans and the credit card segment. These models are developed and updated in accordance with 
changes in customer behaviour. The SME v6 Application scorecard model (underwriting) has been in use since 
January 2019. The model categorises clients into 24 rating classes. The behavioural scorecard model 
(monitoring) has been in use since January 2018. The model categorises clients into 11 and 16 rating classes 
according to their segments.  
The Group conducted no NPL sales in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, and 2020, six in 2019 and 
five in 2018. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—
Loans and Receivables—Non-Performing Loans Sales”. 
Sources of Funding 
As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s major sources of funds for its lending and investment activities were 
deposits, which accounted for 67.91% of total funding and, to a lesser extent, funds borrowed, which accounted 
for 16.53% of total funding, and marketable securities issued (net), which accounted for 6.24% of total funding, 
compared to 68.06%, 17.78% and 6.34%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 70.76%, 19.58% and 7.72%, 
respectively as of 31 December 2019 and 71.07%, 20.49% and 7.25%, respectively as of 31 December 2018. 
The following table sets out the Group’s sources of funding as of the dates indicated:  
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
% 
2020 
% 
2019 
% 
2018 
% 
 
(TL, thousands, except %) 
Deposits .......................  
324,783,698  
67.91% 
264,410,268  
68.06 
231,071,697 
70.76 
210,291,473 
71.07 
Funds borrowed 
including subordinated 
loans .............................  
79,067,886  
16.53% 
69,079,747  
17.78 
63,953,534 
19.58 
60,629,155 
20.49 
Money markets ............  
44,568,589  
9.32% 
30,360,664  
7.82 
6,308,888 
1.93 
3,520,213 
1.19 
Marketable securities 
issued (net) ..............  
29,864,212  
6.24% 
24,628,361  
6.34 
25,221,191 
7.72 
21,442,203 
7.25 
Total ............................  
478,284,385 
100.00% 
388,479,040 
100.00 
326,555,310 
100.00 
295,883,044 
100.00 
 
The availability of such funds is influenced by factors such as prevailing interest rates, market conditions and 
the existing level of competition.

--- Page 198 ---
184 
 
 
Deposits 
Deposits consist of customer demand and time deposits. Customer current accounts generally bear no interest 
and can be withdrawn upon demand. For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of 
accounts offered by the Group. Deposits comprise local deposits, foreign currency deposits, savings, and 
commercial deposits. Deposit growth in the year ended 31 December 2019 was driven by growth in TL deposits 
due to the Bank’s focus on small tickets.  31 December 2018 demand growth was mainly driven by growth in 
Turkish Lira-denominated deposits and nominal increases in foreign currency deposits due to the depreciation 
of the Turkish Lira. 
 The following tables set out the maturity structure of the Group’s deposits/collected funds (in Turkish Lira, 
thousands): 
 
As of 30 September 2021 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ................  
20,552,603  
3,842,875  
50,729,543  
645,162  
253,284  
432,751  
926   
76,457,144  
Foreign currency deposits .  
71,554,004  
20,653,706  
63,542,249  
7,496,591  
2,895,908  
4,422,744  
— 
170,565,202  
Residents in Turkey ..........  
65,967,247  
19,208,423  
60,744,740  
5,756,274  
999,336  
807,218  
— 
153,483,238  
Residents abroad ...............  
5,586,757  
1,445,283  
2,797,509  
1,740,317  
1,896,572  
3,615,526  
— 
17,081,964  
Public sector deposits .......  
1,815,115  
4,069  
31,161  
59  
109  
40  
— 
1,850,553  
Commercial deposits ........  
13,377,241  
12,765,124  
25,400,392  
182,367  
593,801  
51,997  
— 
52,370,922  
Other institutions deposits  
200,198  
148,190  
1,022,244  
3,394  
854  
247,332  
— 
1,622,212  
Precious metals vault ........  
13,526,164  
 -  
112,838  
119  
1,229,740  
46,581  
— 
14,915,442  
Bank deposits ....................  
1,402,248  
3,857,254  
1,179,931  
445,033  
117,591  
166  
— 
7,002,223  
The CBRT .........................  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
— 
 -  
Domestic banks .................  
5,807  
3,697,056  
994,228  
445,033  
117,591  
166  
— 
5,259,881  
Foreign banks ....................  
552,969  
160,198  
185,703  
— 
— 
— 
— 
898,870  
Participation banks ............  
843,472  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
843,472  
Other .................................  
—  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
Total .................................  
122,427,573 
41,271,218  
142,018,358  
8,772,725  
5,091,287  
5,201,611  
926  
324,783,698  
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ................  
14,237,372  
2,605,660  
41,602,168  
647,673  
225,879  
218,330  
1,080 
59,538,162  
Foreign currency deposits .  
54,875,571  
12,727,199  
58,143,255  
6,454,711  
4,712,059  
4,355,664  
— 
141,268,459  
Residents in Turkey ..........  
49,397,161  
12,044,422  
55,651,121  
5,933,125  
3,620,984  
1,105,535  
— 
127,752,348  
Residents abroad ...............  
5,478,410  
682,777  
2,492,134  
521,586  
1,091,075  
3,250,129  
— 
13,516,111  
Public sector deposits .......  
1,235,151  
10,448  
10,547  
31  
535  
666  
— 
1,257,378  
Commercial deposits ........  
10,962,714  
12,167,413  
17,044,488  
37,237  
13,804  
82,642  
— 
40,308,298 
Other institutions deposits  
158,217  
111,850  
1,522,255  
2,974  
580,958  
760  
— 
2,377,014  
Precious metals vault ........  
12,941,904  
— 
— 
252  
1,528,913  
106,626  
— 
14,577,695  
Bank deposits ....................  
620,351 
3,083,347  
886,592  
405,881  
87,091  
— 
— 
5,083,262 
The CBRT .........................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
 -  
Domestic banks .................  
7,822  
3,068,232  
815,619  
405,881  
87,091  
— 
— 
4,384,645  
Foreign banks ....................  
331,944 
15,115  
70,973  
— 
— 
— 
— 
418,032 
Participation banks ............  
280,585  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
280,585  
Other .................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total .................................  
95,031,280 
30,705,917  
119,209,305  
7,548,759  
7,149,239  
4,764,688  
1,080 
264,410,268 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ................  
10,548,305 
18,808,962  
31,453,611  
1,075,550  
812,427  
690,717  
1,110  
63,390,682  
Foreign currency deposits .  
28,723,896 
13,162,882  
65,273,909  
3,363,494  
4,405,123  
8,033,848  
— 
122,963,152  
Residents in Turkey ..........  
25,828,742 
12,451,792  
63,502,841  
3,032,618  
2,310,420  
1,447,231  
— 
108,573,644  
Residents abroad ...............  
2,895,154 
711,090  
1,771,068  
330,876  
2,094,703  
6,586,617  
— 
14,389,508  
Public sector deposits .......  
1,293,752 
3,080  
8,286  
878  
98  
45  
— 
1,306,139  
Commercial deposits ........  
8,682,060 
10,987,400  
12,238,066  
329,005  
584,804  
92,787  
— 
32,914,122  
Other institutions deposits  
156,583 
198,278  
651,990  
402,394  
428,821  
49,131  
— 
1,887,197  
Precious metals vault ........  
2,362,411 
206,884  
571,548  
95,928  
250,328  
65,531  
— 
3,552,630  
Bank deposits ....................  
1,138,876 
2,715,690  
847,185  
286,875  
69,149  
— 
— 
5,057,775  
The CBRT .........................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Domestic banks .................  
7,256 
2,536,174  
596,437  
286,875  
57,158  
— 
— 
3,483,900  
Foreign banks ....................  
208,114 
179,516  
250,748  
— 
11,991  
— 
— 
650,369  
Participation banks ............  
923,506 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
923,506  
Other .................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
- 
Total .................................  
52,905,883 
46,083,176  
111,044,595  
5,554,124  
6,550,750  
8,932,059  
1,110  
231,071,697

--- Page 199 ---
185 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Demand 
Up to 1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 1 
year 
1 year and over 
Cumulative 
Deposits 
Total 
Savings deposits ................  
6,650,198 
2,165,456 
36,823,863 
8,313,437 
1,333,258 
877,060 
1,160 
56,164,432 
Foreign currency deposits .  
20,093,087 
13,142,080 
63,479,684 
4,779,280 
4,687,717 
5,014,165 
- 
111,196,013 
Residents in Turkey ..........  
17,632,628 
12,129,420 
61,903,652 
4,149,880 
2,650,519 
1,554,838 
- 
100,020,937 
Residents abroad ...............  
2,460,459 
1,012,660 
1,576,032 
629,400 
2,037,198 
3,459,327 
- 
11,175,076 
Public sector deposits .......  
1,189,579 
2,674 
5,483 
459 
99 
23 
- 
1,198,317 
Commercial deposits ........  
5,891,404 
7,599,008 
10,354,409 
1,784,661 
993,821 
62,283 
- 
26,685,586 
Other institutions deposits  
119,735 
103,261 
1,361,760 
231,659 
996,277 
52,341 
- 
2,865,033 
Precious metals vault ........  
1,162,378 
150,773 
305,887 
45,968 
83,191 
26,594 
- 
1,774,791 
Bank deposits ....................  
1,012,074 
7,465,716 
1,492,358 
297,604 
135,375 
4,174 
- 
10,407,301 
The CBRT .........................  
- 
2,869,462 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 - 
2,869,462 
Domestic banks .................  
13,728 
4,413,177 
482,447 
270,743 
28,239 
4,174 
- 
5,212,508 
Foreign banks ....................  
224,956 
183,077 
1,009,911 
26,861 
107,136 
- 
- 
1,551,941 
Participation banks ............  
773,390 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
773,390 
Other .................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total .................................  
36,118,455 
30,628,968 
113,823,444 
15,453,068 
8,229,738 
6,036,640 
1,160 
210,291,473 
 
As of 30 September 2021, the weighted average interest rate on Turkish Lira denominated time deposit accounts 
offered by the Group to customers was 10.55%, while the interest rate paid on both euro and U.S. dollar 
denominated time deposits was 0.19% and 0.43%, respectively. 
The following table sets out the currency basis analysis of the deposits/collected funds (including interest 
expense accruals for all deposits) as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(TL, thousands) 
TL ..........................................................................................  
138,089,764 
108,173,940  
102,994,590 
92,742,975 
U.S.$ ......................................................................................  
101,864,543 
85,428,228  
78,813,776 
73,312,671 
Euro .......................................................................................  
66,326,905 
53,231,479  
43,054,181 
40,688,125 
Other ......................................................................................  
18,502,486 
17,576,621  
6,209,150 
3,547,702 
Total ......................................................................................  
324,783,698 
264,410,268 
231,071,697 
210,291,473 
 
Other Borrowed Funds 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s other borrowed funds as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
Central Bank ......................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
460,152 
From domestic banks and 
institutions ......................  
3,797,822  
4,678,976  
3,966,493  
3,727,598  
2,440,872 
2,309,071 
 
 1,319,479 
 
1,653,153 
From foreign banks, 
institutions and funds .........  
699,290  
42,892,942  
112,035  
38,618,567  
11,503 
40,612,049 
10,117 
44,089,253 
Total ..................................  
4,497,112  
47,571,918  
4,078,528  
42,346,165  
2,452,375 
42,921,120 
1,329,596 
45,742,406 
 
The following table sets out the maturity profile of the Group’s borrowings over expected cash flows (showing 
lifetime cash flows, which as a result are greater than the balance sheet amounts) as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
Short-term ..........................  
3,409,400  
10,869,159  
4,071,043  
10,847,747  
2,394,340  
12,620,395  
1,303,939 
13,622,616 
Medium and Long-term .....  
1,087,712  
36,702,759  
7,485  
31,498,418  
58,035  
30,300,725  
25,657 
32,119,790 
Total ..................................  
4,497,112  
47,571,918  
4,078,528  
42,346,165  
2,452,375  
42,921,120  
1,329,596 
45,742,406 
The Group has entered into a number of Turkish Lira/Turkish Lira and foreign currency financings with banks 
and other financial institutions, which have an average maturity of 12 months. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Group had borrowings of TL 52,069,030 thousand.

--- Page 200 ---
186 
 
 
Debt Securities in Issue 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s marketable securities in issue as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of 30 September  
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
TL 
FC 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Bills ..................................... 
7,009,144  
— 
4,295,582 
— 
5,098,851 
— 
1,373,498 
— 
Asset backed securities ....... 
 —  
3,039,473  
— 
3,511,774  
— 
3,746,311 
— 
3,835,712 
Bonds .................................. 
1,471,948 
18,343,647 
1,610,481 
15,210,524  
1,642,095  
14,733,934  
2,526,863  
13,706,130  
Total ................................... 
8,481,092  
21,383,120  
5,906,063 
18,722,298 
6,740,946  
18,480,245  
3,900,361 
17,541,842 
 
Derivatives 
The Group also enters into interest rate and foreign exchange swap and future contracts, which are agreements 
to hedge its interest rate and foreign currency exposure risk. The following tables set out certain information on 
consolidated options, futures and swaps as of the dates indicated, prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles: 
 
As of 30 
September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Types of derivative transactions 
 
 
 
 
Foreign currency related derivative transactions  
203,628,706  
164,450,102 
195,652,172 
 
194,070,768 
FC trading forward transactions ............................ 
21,197,746  
16,119,910 
25,879,855  
19,278,968 
Trading swap transactions ..................................... 
173,862,947  
138,304,781  
160,959,306  
161,325,028 
Futures transactions ............................................... 
422,009  
414,267  
398,407  
— 
Trading option transactions ................................... 
8,146,004  
9,611,144  
8,414,604  
13,466,772 
Interest related derivative transactions ................. 
139,551,020  
147,553,561  
118,898,558 
87,798,512 
Forward interest transactions ................................ 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Interest rate swaps ................................................. 
136,069,474  
142,948,898  
115,222,156  
83,986,144 
Interest rate options ............................................... 
3,481,546  
4,604,663  
3,676,402  
3,812,368 
Interest rate futures ................................................ 
                              
—  
— 
— 
— 
Other trading derivative transactions ................... 
48,030,831  
39,503,746  
27,537,689 
24,682,146 
Total trading derivative transactions .................... 
391,210,557  
351,507,409  
342,088,419 
306,551,426 
Types of hedging derivative transactions 
— 
— 
— 
 
Transactions for fair value hedge .............................. 
2,547,609  
4,746,534  
3,886,347  
4,266,224 
Cash flow hedges ....................................................... 
90,529,337  
91,306,804  
99,581,653  
92,994,503 
Transactions for foreign net investment hedge ......... 
                              
—  
— 
— 
— 
Total hedging related derivatives ........................... 
93,076,946  
96,053,338  
103,468,000 
97,260,727 
Total derivative transactions .................................. 
484,287,503  
447,560,747  
445,556,419 
403,812,153

--- Page 201 ---
187 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
COVID-19 Update 
The global COVID-19 pandemic has continued to disrupt, and is expected to continue to disrupt, financial 
markets and the operations of businesses worldwide. Turkey began vaccinating its population in January 2021 
and, according to the Turkish Ministry of Health, the number of people who received the first dose as of 
November 2021 reached 56.3  million across the country, about 50.5 million of whom also received a second 
dose, about 12.2 million of whom also received a third dose. Although the current vaccine roll-outs in Turkey 
and internationally may decrease the negative effects of the pandemic, low efficacy and new variants of COVID-
19, among other factors, has led to renewed or continued efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19, including 
further lockdowns, and such factors may result in a renewed slowdown in global economic activity. Some of 
the measures taken by governmental bodies to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy 
have begun to be phased out or terminated, which may result in an adverse impact on customers in Turkey and 
abroad, whether they are retail, corporate, commercial or SME customers, who could experience a significant 
deterioration in purchasing power, leading to a material negative impact on our revenues and a surge in corporate 
bankruptcies. Therefore, the pandemic’s long-term economic impact, including on the Group’s business, 
remains difficult to predict and quantify.  
In June 2021, the Government decided not to further extend several temporary measures that were introduced 
in 2020 to support the economy and financial markets such as the net foreign currency provisions. On the other 
hand, exchange rate forbearance in capital calculations have been extended until otherwise decided by the board 
of the BRSA. Forbearance measures regarding the recognition of NPLs and Stage 2 loans ended on 30 
September 2021, though they will continue indefinitely for Stage 1 loans that were overdue by 31-90 days as of 
1 October 2021 and Stage 2 loans that were overdue by 91-180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
The Government has introduced other measures intended to support the economy and financial markets.  See 
for instance a discussion of the “Breath Loan” financial support to SMEs under “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Analysis by Segment—Retail Banking”. 
The Group continues to reflect the possible effects relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in its financial 
statements, insofar as it sees appropriate in light of available information and developments.  In preparing the 
Interim BRSA Financial Statements, the Group has taken into account the possibility of increased difficulties 
in the cash flows or payments of customers in calculating expected credit loss as a result of the possible effects 
related to the COVID-19 pandemic on macroeconomic conditions.  
The Group continues to place the highest priority on the health and safety of its employees while also preserving 
uninterrupted service for its customers.  The Group continues to provide services through its branches while 
putting extensive effort on digitalisation. 
New Economic Measures Announced to Combat Inflation 
On 20 December 2021, Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced a number of new economic measures to be 
implemented in order to combat the increasing inflation rate and the Turkish Lira’s depreciation.  The measures 
include a debated mechanism for the government to offset losses to domestic Turkish Lira accounts as a result 
of the depreciation of the TL to USD exchange rate. Accordingly, if returns from interest on individual deposits 
(with 3, 6, 9 or 12 months maturity) are lower than the impact of the exchange rate over the same period, the 
resulting loss will be reimbursed by the government (however, while this mechanism has been announced 
publicly, the financing for this mechanism has not yet been officially announced). Following the announcement, 
the Turkish Lira recovered against the USD and improved to as low as TL 11.10 to U.S $1 as of 20 December 
2020, from a record high of TL 18.36 to U.S.$1 on the previous day.

--- Page 202 ---
188 
 
 
BUSINESS OF THE BANK 
Overview 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. is a full service bank with its headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey. It was established 
on 7 July 1944 and is incorporated with limited liability under the Turkish Commercial Code, the Banking Law 
and the Capital Markets Law for a period of 100 years. 
According to BRSA statistics, as of 30 September 2021, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Turkey 
by total assets and ranked third among private banks in total cash loans (loans other than letters of guarantee, 
letters of credit and acceptances) with a 16.7%% market share among private banks and an 8.5% market share 
in  the overall banking sector (compared with a market share of 8.1% as of 31 December 2020, 8.7% as of 31 
December 2019 and 9.2% as of 31 December 2018), and fourth among private banks in total deposits with a 
14.6% market share (compared with a market share of 14.2% as of 31 December 2020, 15.2% as of 31 December 
2019 and 10.0% as of 31 December 2018). As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had 826 branches covering all 
regions of Turkey (which includes one branch in Bahrain). It maintains market leading positions in key segments 
and products supported by its strong franchise, large network and leading brand. The Group is organised into 
three segments: (i) retail banking, (ii) corporate and commercial banking and (iii) private banking and wealth 
management. The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and international subsidiaries. The Bank’s 
shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank held leading market positions in Turkey in credit cards (16.8% market share 
in credit card outstanding volume according to the BRSA statistics. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank also 
had strong positions in mutual funds (ranked first, with a 14.5% market share, and non-cash loans (ranked 
second among private banks with a 19.8% market share, as of 30 September 2021, according to the BRSA 
statistics). 
The Bank has a strong presence in retail banking. As of 30 September 2021, the Group had TL 130.6 billion 
(U.S.$14.8 billion) of assets in its retail banking segment (including card payment systems, SME banking, 
individual banking as well as private banking), amounting to 22% of the Group’s total assets. Retail banking 
products and services offered to customers include card payment systems, consumer loans (including general 
purpose loans, auto loans and mortgages), commercial installment loans, SME loans, SME banking packages, 
time and demand deposits, gold banking, investment accounts, life and non-life insurance products and payroll 
services. In addition, we offer priveliges to customers who receive their monthly salary or SSI payments through 
the Bank. Card payment systems includes the management of products, services, campaigns for member 
merchants as well as the sales and activities for a variety of customer types. The Bank’s “World” brand and 
shopping and marketing platform of the Bank includes card brands known as “Crystal”, “Play”, “Adios” and 
“Taksitçi” that provide services for the Bank’s different segments. Through its private banking activities, the 
Bank serves high net worth customers and delivers investment products to this customer segment. Among the 
products and services offered to Private Banking customers are time deposit products, mutual funds, derivative 
products—such as forwards, futures and options—in domestic and international markets, personal loans, foreign 
exchange, gold and equity trading, pension plans, insurance products and 7/24 safe deposit boxes and e-banking 
services. Also, personal advisory services (for example, with respect to art, inheritance, real estate, tax, 
education and philanthropy) are offered within the private banking and wealth management activities. 
Customers are also provided with investment advisory and portfolio management services through the Group’s 
portfolio management and brokerage subsidiaries.  
According to the consolidated Annual BRSA Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, the 
Group had gross operating income of TL 20,356 million (U.S.$2,301 million), compared to TL 21,135 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2019, TL 19,921 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 and TL 13,692 
million for the year ended 31 December 2017. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s cost to income 
ratio was 33.4% and operating cost growth was 17% year-over-year. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the 
Group’s cost to income ratio was 34.9% compared to 32.2% in 2018. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s 
costs divided by average assets ratio were 1.9% versus 1.9% as of 31 December 2019. The Group’s fees divided 
by operating costs ratio reached 67% in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Bank also conducts treasury operations, covering Turkish Lira and foreign currency fixed income, money 
market instruments and currency and interest rate swaps and other derivatives, both for its own account and for 
the account of its customers.

--- Page 203 ---
189 
 
 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had the sixth largest branch network in Turkey (third largest among private 
banks) according to the Turkish Banking Association with 826 branches spread throughout Turkey, including 
one branch in Bahrain (representing an 8.4% market share). While the Bank’s branch network covers all regions 
in Turkey, as of 30 September 2021, most of the branches were in the larger cities, with 67% of the Bank’s 
branches being located in the ten largest cities (including Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and 
Adana). According to BRSA statistics, the Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Turkey as of 30 
September 2021 in terms of branches was 9.6% compared with 9.6% for 31 December 2020, 9.5% for 31 
December 2019 and 9.3% for 31 December 2018. 
In addition to its branch network, the Bank offers products and services through a wide array of ADCs including 
4,551 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs with cash deposit functionality (the fifth largest ATM 
network in Turkey with an 9.1% market share according to the Interbank Card Centre), award winning digital 
banking with 8.5 million customers as of 30 September 2021, a leading position in mobile banking with 8.1 
million customers as of 30 September 2021, as well as three award-winning call centres, according to the 
Turkish Banking Association. See “—Distribution—Alternative Channels”. As of 30 September 2021, the 
Group had 16,759 employees, of which 15,795 were employees of the Bank (representing 8.6% market share). 
This compares to 16,938, 17,466 and 18,448 employees as of 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018 respectively, of which 16,037, 16,631 and 17,577 were employees of the Bank. Internationally, 
the Group carries out business through subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Azerbaijan, Malta and a branch in 
Bahrain. 
The Group had total assets of TL 591.2 billion (U.S.$66.9 billion) as of 30 September 2021, compared with TL 
486.5 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 411 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 373 billion as of 31 
December 2018. 
According to the consolidated Interim BRSA Financial Statements for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2021, the Group had operating income of TL 20,356 million (U.S.$2,302 million), compared to 
TL 25,823 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, TL 21,135  million for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and TL 19,921 million for the year ended 31 December 2018. For the period ended 30 September 2021, 
the Group’s cost to income ratio was 35% and operating cost growth was 17% year-over-year. For the year 
ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s cost to income ratio was 33% compared to 36% in 2019. As of 30 
September 2021, the Group’s costs divided by average assets ratio were 1.8% versus 1.9% as of 31 December 
2020. The Group’s fees divided by operating costs ratio reached 79% in the period ended 30 September 2021. 
The Group aims to be a customer-centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a committed 
workforce, delivering responsible growth. A main strategy of the Group is achieving best-in-class profitability, 
backed by a strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. 
The Group’s net profit was TL 6,932 million and its return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (excluding 
intangible assets) was 18.6% for the nine months ended 30 September 2021, compared with TL 5,080 million 
and 12.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020, TL 3,600 million and 9.4% for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and TL 4,668 million and 14.2% for the year ended 31 December 2018. The banking sector’s return on 
average tangible shareholders’ equity was 12.0%, 10.5%, 10.6% and 13.9% for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively. As of 
30 September 2021, the Group’s return on average assets ratio was at 1.7%, compared to 1.1% as of 31 
December 2020, 0.9% as of 31 December 2019 and 1.4% as of 31 December 2018. 
As of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratio was 17.5% (or 16.9% without Temporary Forbearances), 18.2%, 17.8% and 16.1%, respectively, 
on a Bank-only basis. As of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
the Bank’s common equity tier-1 ratio was 13.6% (or 13.1% without Temporary Forbearances), 13.6%, 13.3% 
and 12.4%, respectively, on a Bank-only basis. On a consolidated basis, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios 
stood at 16.5% (or 15.4% without Temporary Forbearances), 17.2%, 16.7% and 14.8% as of 30 September 
2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively, while common equity Tier-
1 ratios were 12.8% (or 11.4% without Temporary Forbearances), 12.8%, 12.5% and 11.4% as of the same 
dates. The banking sector’s capital adequacy ratios stood at 16.8%, 18.3% and 18.0% as of 30 September 2021, 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively.

--- Page 204 ---
190 
 
 
Key Competitive Advantages 
The Group’s management believes that the Group has a number of key competitive advantages that enable it to 
compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector, including: 
• 
Leading market positions in key segments and products. 
The Bank is the third largest privately owned bank in Turkey by assets, with leading market positions 
in Turkey in credit cards (with a market share of 16.8% in credit card volume as of 30 September 2021). 
• 
Robust and customer-oriented balance sheet. 
The Group has total assets that incorporate a high proportion of loans (59% as of 30 September 2021) 
and a low proportion of securities (18% as of 30 September 2021).  
The Group aims to reduce the concentration in lending and deposits and spread out with smaller 
balances. The Group is focused on improving its loan book mix towards more value generating areas. 
In this respect the Bank seeks to maintain balanced growth between lower value lending, and larger 
(corporate and commercial) lending on its loan book.  
• 
Large network and leading brand. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had 826 branches (which includes one branch in Bahrain, but 
excluding its international presence through the Group’s overseas subsidiaries; the Group had 858 
branches including its international presence). As of 30 September 2021, the Group had a solid 
distribution platform, including the sixth largest branch network in Turkey according to the Turkish 
Banking Association, with a market share of 8.4% (as compared to 8.4% as of 31 December 2020, 8.3% 
as of 31 December 2019 and 8.2% as of 31 December 2018). As of 30 September 2021, the Group had 
innovative ADCs including 4,551 ATMs, 100% of which are “advanced” ATMs with cash deposit 
functionality (the fifth largest ATM network in Turkey with an 9.1% market share according to the 
Interbank Card Center (“BKM”) (9.0% as of 31 December 2020, 8.5% as of 31 December 2019 and 
8.6% as of 31 December 2018). Digital banking with 8.5 million active customers, a leading position 
in mobile banking with 8.1 million active customers according to the Turkish Banking Association as 
of 30 September 2021, as well as three award winning call centres. The Group’s share of main banking 
products sold through digital platforms is 97% as of 30 September 2021. 
• 
Strong commitment to risk management. 
The Group has a conservative risk management strategy with solid credit risk infrastructure, 
underwriting and monitoring systems. The Group avoids speculative open foreign exchange positions 
and maintains liquidity ratios well above the regulatory levels. As of 30 September 2021, 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio according to the 
BRSA statistics was 17.5% (or 16.9% without Temporary Forbearances), 17.6%, 17.8% and 16.1%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis. As of 30 September 2021, the Group had limited intragroup 
exposure, at 12% of its capital, as compared with the 20% regulatory limit. The Group’s loan book is 
diversified, with its top 20 loans amounting to only 14.3% of its loan book as of 30 September 2021.  
• 
Diversified, high quality revenue mix. 
The Group believes it has a sustainable revenue base, with a high share of fees in total revenues 
amounting to 28% for the nine months ended 30 September 2021, and that it has the capacity to 
effectively manage net interest margin through dynamic pricing. The Group aims to reduce its 
concentration in lending and deposits, spreading out with smaller tickets, and focus on transaction 
banking in commission generation. 
• 
Strong and committed significant shareholder. 
Koç Group is the Group’s largest shareholder, holding a 49.97% interest in the Group. Support from 
the Koç Group provides stability and helps to maximise the Bank’s growth potential. As the result of a 
share purchase arrangement with UniCredit S.p.A., the Koç Group will acquire an additional 18.00%

--- Page 205 ---
191 
 
 
of the Bank’s outstanding share capital in the first quarter of 2022 (see “Share Capital and Ownership—
Ownership”), subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, following which the 
Koç Group is expected to hold 67.97% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital and will commence a 
mandatory tender offer due to its crossing a 50% threshold, which may further increase the Koç Group’s 
stake in the Bank.  The Koç Group, established in 1926, is the largest conglomerate in Turkey. It has 
strong positions in the energy, automotive and finance sectors in Turkey as well as in consumer durables 
both domestically and internationally, enabling potential synergies with the Group.  As of 30 September 
2021, the Group had limited intragroup exposure, at 12% of its capital, as compared with the regulatory 
limit of 20%.   
Strategy 
As a fully integrated banking and financial services group, the Bank is working towards its mission is to ensure 
long-term sustainable growth and value creation for all stakeholders and to become the first choice for customers 
and employees. 
Principles 
The Bank’s strategy is structured around three main principles: 
Healthy and consistent growth 
• 
Focus on core banking activities, growth in value generating segments and products, continuous 
improvement in commercial effectiveness, expansion of market presence and funding diversification to 
sustain long-term performance. 
Strong and sustainable profitability 
• 
Address specific customer needs via segment-based service model, optimise cost to serve to improve 
competitiveness and maintain effective cost, risk and capital management. 
Superior and long-lasting customer satisfaction 
• 
Enhance an easy-to work with approach through continuous investments in technology and delivery 
channels while maintaining focus on innovation, employee satisfaction and loyalty. 
Key strategic objectives 
The Bank aims to achieve a sustainable performance through sustained customer-orientation. The Bank expects 
to continue its strong performance through the following key long-term strategic pillars: 
Growth and Commercial Effectiveness 
• 
Value-generating loan growth with a focus on general purpose loans, mortgages and SMEs in retail lending, 
together with selective growth in corporate/commercial lending with a focus on higher yielding 
mid-commercial and project finance. 
• 
Improvements in efficiency and cost containment alongside significant investments. 
• 
Fee generation and customer penetration through continued focus on retail business and cross-selling. 
Funding and Capital 
• 
Emphasis on further strengthening deposit base and diversifying funding sources. 
• 
Effective loan/deposit ratio management. 
• 
Efficient capital utilisation with a focus on targeted growth in value generating segments and capital 
strengthening actions. 
Efficiency and Cost Optimisation 
• 
Disciplined cost approach and lower cost to serve.

--- Page 206 ---
192 
 
 
• 
Optimisation of physical presence. 
• 
Multi-channel approach and continuation of investments in growth initiatives with increased development 
of ADCs as sales channels. 
Risk Management 
• 
Dynamic and proactive portfolio management. 
• 
Investments/enhancements to maintain cost of risk through the cycle levels. 
• 
Early collections via capacity increase. 
• 
Continuous enhancements of risks systems, especially in consumer and SME segments. 
• 
Further improvements in quality of new loan generation. 
Sustainability 
• 
Customer/employee satisfaction and loyalty. 
• 
Investments in technology and innovation. 
• 
Enhance easy to work with approach. 
• 
Acceleration of customer acquisition, penetration and activation. 
Business Plan 
The Bank’s strategy is to be a customer centric commercial bank driven by cutting edge technology and a 
committed workforce, delivering responsible growth and achieving best-in-class profitability, backed by a 
strong balance sheet, resulting in enhanced and sustainable shareholder returns. The Bank is targeting strategic 
goals that build upon its existing business strategy to achieve an improvement in return on average assets 
(“ROAA”) and return on average tangible shareholder’s equity (“ROATE”). 
Strengthen and optimise its capital position 
The Bank has targeted a 200 basis-points CET 1 ratio buffer over the regulatory limits as a medium term goal 
to sufficiently strengthen its capital position to permit dividend payments while maintaining a sufficient capital 
buffer, primarily based on the execution of the Capital Strengthening Plan that was approved by the Bank’s 
Board of Directors on 26 April 2018 (the “Capital Strengthening Plan”). The Capital Strengthening Plan 
included two components: 
• 
A domestic rights issue at nominal value, without restricting the statutory pre-emption rights of its 
existing shareholders, in the amount of TL 4,100,000 thousand, which increased its issued share 
capital by 94.31680%, from TL 4,347,051 thousand to TL 8,447,051 thousand. The domestic rights 
issue was completed and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry on 29 June 2018. 
 
• 
An issuance of Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Notes eligible for inclusion as 
Additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank. For a description of regulatory requirements in relation to 
Additional Tier 1 capital requirements, see “Turkish Regulatory Environment”.  
On 30 April 2018, as part of the Capital Strengthening Plan, the Bank requested approval from the relevant 
authorities for a paid-in share capital increase, which was completed on 29 June 2018. As a result, the Bank’s 
new issued share capital reached TL 8,447,051 thousand. The domestic rights issue was 94.3% subscribed.  
In January 2019, the Bank raised U.S.$650 million worth of additional Tier 1 capital. The transaction marked 
the first time additional Tier 1 capital was raised by a Turkish deposit bank through the issuance of USD-
denominated bonds with market participation. The additional Tier 1 capital issuance, which is callable once 
every 5 years, was conducted in the international markets and also with the participation of Koç Holding and 
UniCredit S.p.A..  The coupon rate for the transaction was set at 13.87%.

--- Page 207 ---
193 
 
 
The two transactions both confirmed the confidence of main shareholders and international investors in the 
Bank as well as strengthening the Bank’s capital structure as was the aim of the Capital Strengthening Plan 
announced in 2018. The Bank has completed the Capital Strengthening Plan. 
Sustainable revenue generation by rebalancing business mix 
The Bank targets sustainable revenue generation through the rebalancing of the Bank’s business portfolio. In 
relation to this target, the Bank is undertaking a number of strategic and operational steps: 
• 
focusing on small ticket and higher value generating segments and products, with a focus on 
individuals and SMEs (including both loan and deposit initiatives, such as introducing individual 
consumer pricing, growing the number of payroll customers and targeting sub-segments within the 
SME sector). The Bank targets an increase in small ticket demand and individual deposits in order 
to control funding costs. In turn, the Bank also seeks to limit risk in its corporate portfolio by 
reducing concentration by borrower and sector, 
 
• 
increasing the Bank’s transactional banking and payment systems to strengthen fees by continuing 
to focus on growing all elements of the Bank’s existing fee revenue streams (including both banking 
and non-banking services), and 
 
• 
increasing the Bank’s house-bank customer penetration together with ongoing new customer 
acquisition. 
 
Efficiency gains by streamlining operations. 
Furthermore, the Bank is expecting to continue with a balanced approach in terms of revenues and cost 
management. In order to achieve its cost targets, as well as the above-mentioned revenue and profitability 
targets, the Bank is undertaking a number of operation improvements, including:  
• 
continuing its investment in digital transformation, which would involve increasing IT investments 
through 2020 to offer most of the Bank’s products via digital channels and further increase the number 
of customers and transactions using digital channels; 
• 
streamlining its operations with process automation and centralisation where feasible; and 
• 
improving operational processes through service-channel improvements through a new central service 
model for mass and micro customers with dedicated relationship managers for higher-value consumer 
and corporate customers. 
As a result of these investments and initiatives, the Bank seeks to significantly improve its loan per branch, loan 
per employee, deposits per branch and deposits per employee. 
Asset quality optimisation 
The Bank is expecting to reduce its total cost of risk through a combination of operational improvements and 
asset quality optimisation, including the following: 
• 
improving its underwriting approach for its customers and products (which involve automating 
individual and micro SME customers while tailoring underwriting for larger loans),  
 
• 
centralising risk monitoring and improving the Bank’s collection processes (including further sub-
segmentation of customer segments less than 90 days overdue and introducing additional KPIs), 
and  
 
• 
actively managing its non-performing loan stock (with a continuing focus on NPL loan sales where 
appropriate as well a broader range of restructuring options). 
The Business Plan (as defined above) includes, inter alia, targets and objectives in respect of most of the 
consolidated and divisional economic line items and indicators of the Bank’s financial statements as well as 
statements with respect to its strategic goals and objectives. Although the Bank believes that the assumptions 
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it does not provide any assurance with respect to

--- Page 208 ---
194 
 
 
such statements. The preparation of the Business Plan is based upon, inter alia, certain assumptions concerning 
future events that management expects to occur, and the actions management intends to take once the Business 
Plan is implemented. Such events and actions may not actually be realized, as they depend substantially on 
variables that management cannot control, and may involve situations that management cannot predict. As a 
result the targets and objectives in the Business Plan, and the assumptions underlying those targets and 
objectives, are by definition uncertain and actual results or events may differ materially from and be more 
negative than those that are implied in the targets and objectives.  
Data used in the Business Plan are based on assumptions regarding the Bank’s operations and results that are 
based on its current expectations regarding future events and are therefore subject to significant uncertainties 
that could cause the Bank’s actual results to differ. These uncertainties include, inter alia, the Bank’s ability to 
grow in terms of operating profit and net profit and to carry out investments and other transaction provided for 
in the Business Plan, the assumptions about trends in macroeconomic indicators, political and regulatory 
developments and other objectives and targets in the Business Plan. Should any of these uncertainties be 
realized or any of the key assumptions prove to be inaccurate, the Bank’s actual results or events would likely 
differ materially from those expressed or implied in the targets and objectives. Further, the targets in the 
Business Plan exclude any possible impact from TFRS 16 which has been in force as of 1 January 2019 and the 
expected results assume the successful completion of the issuance of the Notes. In addition, the targets and 
objectives were derived in a modelling process based on certain further underlying assumptions, which may 
prove to be incorrect. Hence, there can be no assurance that the targets and objectives will eventually prove to 
be accurate and prospective investors should be aware that a number of factors, including factors beyond the 
Bank’s control, might render achieving the targets and objectives set forth in the Business Plan difficult or 
impossible. You should not place undue reliance on the targets and objectives, which speak only as of the date 
that they were made. 
These cautionary statements should be considered in connection with any written or oral forward-looking 
statements that the Bank may issue in the future. The Bank does not undertake any obligation to release publicly 
any revisions to such forward-looking statements after the date hereof to reflect later events or circumstances 
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
History 
The Bank in its present form results from the merger of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and Koçbank in 2006. Yapı 
ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. was established on 7 July 1944 as Turkey’s first retail focused privately owned bank 
with a nationwide presence, and management believes it has played a pioneering role in the banking sector. 
Since its origins, the Bank has maintained a strong reputation in the banking sector leveraging on its 
customer-centric approach, dedication to innovation and contribution to the development of the financial sector 
in Turkey. 
The following are a number of notable landmarks in the Bank’s history: 
• 
1940s-1950s: The Bank gained a strong position as Turkey’s first retail-focused private bank with a 
nationwide presence. 
• 
1960s: Introduced computerisation to the Turkish banking sector and played a pioneering role in developing 
long term project finance lending. 
• 
1970s: Led the way in the development of financial and international subsidiaries and became the first bank 
to be authorised to hold a foreign currency position in Turkey. 
• 
1980s: Introduced individual loans, credit cards, debit cards, ATMs and online banking systems; laid the 
foundations for today’s corporate banking; established the first Turkish offshore bank in the Middle East 
and became the first Turkish bank to issue bonds and certificates in the international capital markets. 
• 
1990s: Initiated the first telephone banking service, introduced an advanced credit card infrastructure with 
loyalty point awards and instalments and was the first bank in Turkey to receive the ISO 9001 quality 
certification. In addition, the Bank developed its services infrastructure and modernised its corporate 
structure, human resources, education systems and market strategies to better suit the requirements of an 
increasingly technology driven environment. 
• 
2000s: Successfully completed its merger with Koçbank in October 2006, the largest merger in the Turkish 
banking sector, creating a strong retail franchise.

--- Page 209 ---
195 
 
 
• 
2014: Started a growth project to strengthen its market position through investments aimed at enhancing 
commercial effectiveness including an increase in headcount, ATMs and branches. In order to reach its 
objective, the Bank increased headcount by 1,850, opened 60 new branches and 606 new ATMs, introduced 
branchless service models, enhanced internet banking and undertook other projects to improve commercial 
effectiveness. 
• 
2015: Growth oriented investment strategy continued with the bulk of the investments completed. In the 
context of this strategy, the Bank increased its headcount by 811 people and opened 17 new branches and 
584 new ATMs during 2015. 
• 
2016: With the investment phase completed in 2015, the harvest phase of the growth strategy began in 2016, 
with a focus on strong growth in profitability, ROE improvement and shareholders’ equity. The Bank 
recorded profitability acceleration driven by its core business in 2016. The Bank’s focus during the year 
was on maintaining scale with continuing remix, strong revenue generation via ongoing customer 
acquisition and disciplined cost control, heavily leveraging digitalisation as well as controlled asset quality. 
• 
2017: The Bank saw profitability to continue to improve, driven by a core banking focus, strict cost 
discipline, while heavily leveraging digitalisation and further improvement in asset quality. The Bank kept 
its market positioning stable compared with private banks, with a focus on a value generating mix. In terms 
of revenues, the Bank focused on ongoing outperformance supported by sustainable core banking activity, 
while pursuing with strict cost discipline its process of leveraging heavily on digitalisation and efficiency. 
Meanwhile, the Bank continued with its conservative and proactive asset quality approach to ensure an 
improvement in the performance, and focused on maintaining solid capital and liquidity positions.  
• 
2018: The Bank saw profitability continue to improve, driven by improvements in core revenue areas 
resulting from wider net interest margins and higher fee generation, and supported by ongoing cost 
discipline and stable running costs. The Bank maintained a conservative and proactive approach to 
managing asset quality, classifying several large loans as NPLs during the period where macro volatility 
was evident. At the same time, the Bank increased the coverage of Stage 3 loans with the intention to further 
continue NPL stock management. Furthermore, the Bank successfully finalised a capital injection of TL 4.1 
billion during this period, further supporting its liquidity and capital positions. 
• 
2019: During the first half of 2019, the Bank continued to focus on reducing concentration in lending and 
deposits, focusing on granularity and small ticket individual deposits, improving core revenues through 
successful management of the asset liability mix and pricing as well as solid fee generation through focus 
on transactional banking and payment systems. Within the period, the Bank sustatined a controlled cost 
management while continuing to implement a prudent asset quality approach in the challenging operating 
environment. 
• 
2020: Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by KFS, which was jointly owned by the Koç 
Group and UniCredit S.p.A.. In November 2019, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. reached an agreement 
to change the Bank’s ownership structure. On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. 
completed the contemplated share transfers, whereby UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of 
the Bank’s existing share capital and the Koç Group increased its ownership to 49.97%.  Immediately after 
the completion of the share transfers between the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. 
announced the launch of a sale through accelerated book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share 
capital to institutional investors.  The sale took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s 
stake to 20.00% and the Bank’s free float increased to 30.03%. In a challenging period shaded by the 
COVID-19 pandemic globally followed by macro and political uncertainties, the Group continued its 
prudent policies regarding asset quality, capitalization and liquidity while maintaining strategies in terms of 
asset liability management for sustainable profitability. 
• 
2021: In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced that Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç 
Holding”) will acquire an additional 18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from UniCredit S.p.A., 
with closing of the transaction expected in the first quarter of 2022, subject to regulatory approvals and 
customary closing conditions (the “2022 Share Acquisition”). See “Overview of the Group and the 
Programme – Overview of the Bank – Pricipal Shareholder.” 
Following significant volatility in the Turkish currency and foreign exchange markets in 2001 and the collapse 
of several institutions, in 2002 the BRSA commenced an audit process that assessed the financial condition of 
all Turkish banks. Following this audit process, in January 2003 the BRSA, the SDIF and the Çukurova Group, 
which was then the Bank’s largest shareholder, entered into an agreement under which the SDIF took certain 
protective measures and it was agreed that shares of Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. previously owned or controlled 
by the Çukurova Group (57.4% in aggregate) would be sold within two years.

--- Page 210 ---
196 
 
 
Koçbank was founded in 1981 as the American Express Bank, based in Istanbul. Koç Holding acquired a 51% 
stake in the American Express Bank in 1986, renaming it Koç American Bank, and in 1992, the bank became a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Koç Holding and was renamed Koçbank A.Ş. KFS was established in March 2001 
as a management company and all financial services companies owned by Koç Holding, including Koçbank, 
were united under KFS. In October 2002, Koç Holding and UniCredit S.p.A. signed a joint venture agreement 
and became joint shareholders in KFS (each with a 50% interest), making KFS the first foreign partnership to 
be established in the financial sector in Turkey. 
Under the management of UniCredit S.p.A. and Koç Holding, Koçbank underwent a significant restructuring 
process and began a period of organic growth. By 2005, Koçbank had over 170 branches and had developed its 
own expertise in private banking, asset management and corporate and commercial banking, leasing and 
factoring companies. 
In January 2005, pursuant to its agreement with the BRSA and the SDIF, Çukurova Group sold 57.4% of the 
Bank’s shares to KFS. In April 2006 Koçbank acquired a further 9.9% of the Bank’s shares, taking Koçbank’s 
interest in the Bank to 67.3%. 
In October 2006, Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. was merged with Koçbank, when Koçbank was dissolved and its 
rights, receivables, obligations and liabilities were transferred to Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., with the combined 
legal entity continuing under the name Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. The merger between Koçbank (eighth largest 
bank) and Yapı Kredi (seventh largest bank) formed the new Yapı Kredi, which became the fourth largest private 
bank. 
Overview of Banking Products and Services 
The Bank’s operations are carried out through three main segments: (1) retail banking, which includes the 
Bank’s card payment systems, individual banking and private banking and wealth management (2) commercial 
and SME banking and (3) corporate banking. The Bank’s service model is supported by its domestic and 
international subsidiaries.

--- Page 211 ---
197 
 
 
Organisational structure 
The following chart represents the Bank’s organisational structure as of 31 November 2021, including its 
subsidiaries’ structures.  
 
 
Retail Banking 
Overview 
The Bank’s retail banking division consists of the following segments: credit card, individual banking (and the 
mass and blue class sub-segments) and business banking for small businesses. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, retail banking was one of the key growth areas for the Bank, especially 
in general purpose loans, credit cards, mortgages, asset gathering (deposits and mutual funds) and pension funds. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s retail banking division served approximately 9.9 million active retail 
customers which were serviced by 1,576 retail relationship managers, through 751 retail branches.  
In the Turkish retail banking market, as of 30 September 2021, the Bank was the market leader in terms of credit 
card volume outstanding, number of credit cards, and commercial cards volume outstanding and credit card 
acquiring turnover. The Bank ranked second in credit card issuing. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank was the 
sixth largest bank in terms of consumer loan volume and the seventh largest bank in terms of deposit volume 
according to BRSA financials. Income from the Bank’s retail banking activities comprises primarily interest 
income from loans to individuals and small businesses and commission income from loans, credit cards, point 
of sale business and other banking transactions. As of 30 September 2021, the Group had loans in its consumer 
segment (excluding credit cards) of TL 66,637,441 thousand (U.S.$7,535,359 thousand) compared to TL 
50,228,033 thousand (U.S.$6,842,590 thousand) at 31 December 2020, TL 37,007,433 thousand 
(U.S.$4,739,681 thousand) at 31 December 2019 and TL 32,623,117 thousand at 31 December 2018.

--- Page 212 ---
198 
 
 
The Bank offers its retail customers a broad range of products and services, including general purpose loans, 
auto loans, credit, debit and prepaid cards, payment and collection services, deposit and overdraft accounts, 
asset management products, scrap gold collection, working account, platinum fund, İlk param, cross sell screens, 
pre-approved loan, packages, ATMs, telephone banking, internet banking and mobile banking and life and 
non-life insurance products. The Bank introduced some of these products and services to the Turkish banking 
industry, including consumer loans, credit cards, overdraft accounts, telephone banking, ATMs and point of 
service (“POS”) terminals, and the Bank’s management believes that the Bank has been a pioneer in retail 
banking in Turkey. 
The Bank has named agricultural banking as a strategic sector and has developed various strategies and action 
plans during the last eight years. For example, a new agricultural marketing and sales team has been established 
under the SME and agricultural banking group and a new agricultural loan evaluation system was announced in 
January 2012. In addition, agricultural experts have been located throughout the Bank’s regions, and the 
agricultural loan product range has been expanded by establishing specific loan types. Verimli Card, which is a 
special credit card for farmers, was relaunched in May 2014. In 2015, the Agricultural Value Chain was 
introduced as a business model aimed at obtaining the cash flow between Food Processor or Agricultural Product 
Producer Companies and Farmers and Traders. As of 30 June 2017, with the Bank’s new segmentation structure, 
agricultural clients have started to be segmented within all small business sub-segments (business-small-
medium) according to their annual turnovers.  In 2018, 2019, 2020 and in the nine months ended 30 September 
2021 the Bank utilized CGF guaranteed loans to agricultural customers. Yapı Kredi Agricultural Banking has 
focused on both mass customer and big customer acquisition through selling its products from huge product 
range to the Bank’s customers as a main strategy. 
Retail Customer Segmentation 
Within the retail banking division, the Bank’s customers are divided into four categories to facilitate customer 
management and to allow a clear and focused approach for responding to different groups’ behaviours and 
needs. These three categories are: mass, mass affluent and blue, each a sub-segment within individual banking, 
and the small business segment. 
Individuals are segmented mainly by the value of their assets with the Bank and/or the amount of their monthly 
salary, while small business customers are segmented according to their annual turnover. Mass customers are 
individuals with total personal financial assets of up to TL 200,000 or a monthly salary below TL 20,000.  Blue 
customers are individuals with total personal financial assets of TL 200,000 and above, a monthly salary of 
20,000 TL and above, or a credit card limit of TL 50,000 and above. Small businesses are customers with annual 
turnover of less than U.S.$10,000,000. 
Cards Payment Business 
The Bank was the first bank in Turkey to issue credit cards, starting in 1988. Since then, it has been one of 
Turkey’s leading issuers and acquirers of credit cards and this remains an important focus for the Bank. 
The Bank has maintained non-exclusive agreements with Visa International since 1981, Visa Europe since 2009 
and MasterCard International since 1988.  
The Bank has been a leader in credit cards for the last 33 years with strong brand recognition and a loyal 
customer base. The Bank’s credit card programme, World, is the seventh largest in Europe and 66th largest in 
the world according to the Nilson Report. According to the Nilson Report in 2020, the Bank’s credit card 
programme, World, is the largest credit card programme in Turkey and in Continental Europe in terms of 
outstanding volume.  
Card Payment Products 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank maintained its leadership both in credit card stock and outstanding volume, 
which had approximately 12.6 million credit cards (including virtual cards) issued, representing market shares 
of 15.4% in Turkey by number of cards, according to the Interbank Card Centre, and 16.8% market share by 
outstanding balance, according to BRSA statistics, respectively. The Bank’s outstanding credit card receivables 
(including commercial cards) amounted to TL 44.7 billion (U.S.$5.1 billion) as of 30 September 2021.

--- Page 213 ---
199 
 
 
The Bank focused on special campaign offers to commercial credit card customers to enhance cash flow 
management and synergies with SME banking. In terms of issuing volume, the commercial credit cards market 
grew from TL 189.7 billion (U.S.$36.1 billion) as of 31 December 2018, to TL 221.3 billion (U.S.$28.3 billion) 
as of 31 December 2019, to TL 277.7 billion (U.S.$37.8 billion) as of 31 December 2020 and TL 303.0 billion 
(U.S.$34.3 billion) as of 30 September 2021. Moreover, in terms of outstanding volume, the commercial credit 
cards market grew from TL 31.3 billion (U.S.$6 billion) as of 31 December 2018, to TL 37.9 billion (U.S.$4.9 
billion) as of 31 December 2019, to TL 57.5 billion (U.S.$7.8 billion) as of 31 December 2020 and further to 
TL 80.4 billion (U.S.$9.1 billion) as of 30 September 2021. Meanwhile, the Bank maintained its leadership 
position in terms of commercial card turnover volume with 14.3% market share in the sector and commercial 
card outstanding volume with 15.9% market share among private banks as of 30 September 2021. 
Credit card customers are an important source of new business for the Bank, as a credit card is often the first of 
the Bank’s products acquired by a customer. The Bank endeavours to cross sell its credit card customers other 
products and services utilising advanced marketing techniques, including customer relationship management 
programmes and database marketing systems with its merchant network to increase sales. As of 30 September 
2021, the Bank’s credit card division was served by a sales team comprising 186 sales people throughout various 
regions in Turkey. 
The Bank’s own credit card brand, Worldcard, was launched in 1991. In 2002, following changes in both card 
technology and customer preferences, the Bank re-launched the Worldcard brand by allowing the card to be 
used with merchants in the Bank’s merchant network to purchase items on instalment plans and offered a new 
Worldcard loyalty programme. The Bank offers a wide variety of credit cards, each targeted at a specific range 
of customers. Listed below are some examples of the Bank’s cards payment products and a brief description of 
their features:  
• 
Worldcard 
Worldcard is the Bank’s mass credit card with instalment, loyalty point and cash advance options. 
• 
World Gold Card 
World Gold card is the second tier card in the World portfolio, offering the same benefits as the Worldcard but 
considered to be more prestigious. World Gold card provides purchase protection insurance and assistance 
services to cardholders such as medical consulting, homecare services, and an information line for social 
activities, restaurants and hotels. 
• 
World Platinum Card 
World Platinum card is the most prestigious credit card in the World portfolio. Customers with a minimum 
monthly income of TL 6,000 can apply for a World Platinum card. 
• 
adios Card 
Adios card specifically targets customers who travel frequently. Adios cardholders are able to redeem their 
loyalty points at a greater value to cover their travel expenses. 
• 
adios Premium Card 
Adios Premium card targets the “platinum” traveller segment with a minimum monthly income of TL 8,000. 
Adios Premium cardholders are able to redeem their loyalty points at a greater value to cover their travel 
expenses. 
• 
Crystal Card 
Crystal card is the most prestigious credit card in the Bank’s credit card portfolio which is offered to a limited 
number of distinguished clients. Crystal cards offer several privileges to cardholders ranging from private 
concierge services to travel privileges, as well as other services such as insurance. In addition, Crystal card 
holders benefit from 20% discount at various hotels and exclusive restaurants in Istanbul and other regions, with 
which the Bank has a contractual relationship.

--- Page 214 ---
200 
 
 
• 
Opet Worldcard 
Opet Worldcard is a co-branded credit card in co-operation with Opet Gas Distribution Company. Opet 
Worldcard targets customers that have regular fuel consumption. Besides including all the benefits of the 
Worldcard, customers are rewarded with fuel points that can be only redeemed at Opet Stations. 
• 
Play Card 
Play Card specifically targets the youth segment and university students can apply for Play Cards without 
declaring income. Play Card won the Best New Customer Proposition and The Best of The Best awards in the 
Visa Europe Member Awards 2009 held among all VISA Europe member banks. Play Card won three bronze 
awards in the Crystal Apple Turkish Advertisement Awards Competition media and digital categories for 
sponsorship projects. 
• 
taksitçi Card 
The taksitçi card enables cardholders to take benefit from repaying in three instalments on purchases of TL 100 
or above with merchants who are not members of the Bank’s World network, as well as a further three 
instalments on purchases of TL 100 or above with merchants who are World members. 
• 
World Eko 
The World Eko card has no annual card fee. World Eko card holders are able to benefit from instalment, loyalty 
points and cash advance options. 
• 
World Business Card 
The World Business card meets the purchasing and cash advance needs of companies, combined with the World 
system advantages. Cardholders can gain “Worldpoints” and make instalment purchases at member merchants. 
• 
Turkish Airlines Corporate Club Card 
The Turkish Airlines Corporate Club Card provides generous benefits such as interest-free instalment plans, 
discounts for tickets, special baggage allowances and access to VIP lounges in airports for SMEs, commercial 
and corporate customers. 
• 
Debit cards (TLcard, Platinum TLcard, Play TLcard and Business TLcard 
TLcard is a debit card that can be used for banking transactions, cash withdrawals from ATMs and purchases 
at Visa, MasterCard or Troy merchants all over the world. TLcard collects “Worldpoints” from purchases at 
World merchants. Play TLcard is offered to customers aged 12-24 and Business TLcard is offered to all 
companies. 
• 
KoçAilem Card and KoçAilem TLcard  
KoçAilem Card (credit card) and KoçAilem TLcard (debit card) is a co-branded card program by the Bank and 
Koç Holding designed for and only available to Koç Group employees, their families, retirees, and Koç 
University students. 
The card offers significant discounts at the Koç Group companies, such as Arçelik, Ford, and Koçtaş. Besides 
the financial benefits, cardholders are entitled to attend special, cardholder-only events, including film 
screenings and children’s activities days. 
• 
Prepaid Cards (World Nakit, Play Nakit, World Nakit Sanal) 
World Nakit Sanal is a virtual prepaid card launched in November 2018, and World Nakit and Play Nakit are 
physical prepaid cards launched in June 2019 that allow customers to spend only a preloaded amount. Customers 
do not have to open a bank account to use World Nakit, which can also be used for cash withdrawals from 
ATMs, for purchases and for e-commerce.

--- Page 215 ---
201 
 
 
New Launches 
The Bank offers an instalment payment programme on its credit cards in conjunction with certain members of 
its merchant network, whereby cardholders are able to make instalment payments for their purchases and, 
provided the instalment payments are paid over the agreed time period, interest will not accrue on the amount 
of the purchase. The programme is only available where the Bank’s cardholders make a purchase through one 
of the Bank’s participating merchants, except where customers have the taksitçi card in which case a limited 
number of purchases may be made on an instalment basis, in applicable sectors. 
The Bank’s credit card business operates in accordance with the Bank Cards and Credit Cards Law enacted in 
2006 (Law No. 5464), which requires that banks issue credit cards only upon request by a customer, either orally 
or in writing. Credit limits are set at an amount not exceeding twice the cardholder’s average monthly salary for 
the first year the customer receives his first credit card from a Turkish bank, and an amount not exceeding four 
times the average monthly salary for the second year, if a sufficient limit is available. The Central Bank 
determines the maximum contractual and default interest rates of credit cards. 
The Bank aims to provide credit card customers a fully end-to-end digital experience. The Bank’s customers 
can now have credit card membership agreements approved digitally, allowing them to use their credit card 
online and to make payments using a quick-response code (“QR code”) instantaneously following approval. 
The Bank also aims to digitalize the credit card experience through the new “World Mobil” mobile application, 
which is transformed from the previous “Yapı Kredi Wallet” with a renewed user interface, user experience and 
new payment and card functions in January 2019. World Mobil is a marketing platform that provides an end-
to-end digital card experience to its users through four main sections: Campaigns, Earnings, Yapı Kredi Pay 
and Card Management. Using the application, customers can view and enrol onto campaigns, access their 
shopping transactions, points, limits, cut-off dates for the accounts and payment deadlines. 
In September of 2020, the Bank launched a new “İstanbulkart” function in its “Yapı Kredi Mobil” application. 
Using Yapı Kredi Mobil, customers can load personal credit cards, prepaid cards or accounts onto İstanbulkart, 
instantly top-up their İstanbulkart, or arrange to automatically top-up their İstanbulkart with their Yapı Kredi 
cards or account. 
We designed Yapı Kredi Pay to create a seamless payment experience without a physical or plastic card.  This 
conversion started in 2015 with mobile payment solutions or near field communication (“NFC”) technology. In 
February 2018, we launched QR code payments in order to ease the payment experience for e-commerce. In-
Car Payment was first offered to our customers in May 2019 so they could make fuel payments without stepping 
out of their cars. In October 2019, we launched a new QR code payment function at the POS using terminals 
that allow our card customers to pay with a QR code in physical stores as well as on e-commerce. 
In October 2021, we launched a project named the “M4M Project”, which enables our customers to view and 
manage their digital platform payment subscriptions registered to international e-commerce platforms with their 
MasterCard credit cards through Yapı Kredi Mobile, World Mobile and our internet banking channels. 
Co-branding Partnerships 
The Bank has credit card co-branding partnership agreements with Vakıfbank, Anadolubank and Albaraka Turk. 
These partnerships have helped the Bank’s credit card brand World become Turkey’s largest credit card network 
and marketing platform, with approximately 19.7 million credit cards. 
In September 2012, the Bank introduced its World credit card programme in Azerbaijan. In recognition of the 
Bank’s success in introducing the programme in Azerbaijan, it received the Best Marketing Campaign award 
from MasterCard. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had issued over 51,180 World credit cards in Azerbaijan. 
Merchant Network 
The Bank has been a leader in total acquiring volume in the market over a number of years, with a market share 
of 17.7% as of 30 September 2021. The Bank’s acquiring volume as of 30 September 2021 was TL 195.4 billion, 
as compared to TL 188.9 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 178.1 billion and TL 158.0 billion as of 31 
December 2019 and 2018, respectively. Additionally, as of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s market share in 
terms of total POS terminals amounted to 14.4%. The Bank’s number of POS terminals was a total of 920

--- Page 216 ---
202 
 
 
thousand as of 30 September 2021, compared to a total of 788 thousand, 709 thousand and 686 thousand as of 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
Developing its relationships with merchants is a key priority for the Bank. The Bank’s large POS network 
enhances the Bank’s retail transactions volume and provides added value to the Bank’s cardholders through the 
various campaigns, promotions and loyalty programmes offered through the POS network and participating 
merchants. 
In order to encourage customers to use the Bank’s cards and to attract merchants to enrol in the Bank’s World 
Platform, the Bank offers campaigns such as point rewards, discounts and other privileges to its customers. In 
order to digitalize the payment process between our customers and merchants, the Bank enabled QR code 
payment at the physical POS allowing customers to make payments with their World Mobile or Yapı Kredi 
Mobile applications even if they do not have their bank card or credit card with them. 
 
New Launches 
In June 2021, the Bank launched “Yapı Kredi POS Cepte” mobile application, which enables merchants to 
receive payments from contactless cards by their smartphones without the need for a physical POS device. The 
merchants are able to start receiving payments by downloading Yapı Kredi POS Cepte to their smartphones and 
tablets without any POS device installation. This feature is available on Android platforms. 
Yapı Kredi POS Cepte enables the digitalization of SMEs and micro businesses in addition to offering a better 
customer experience to the card holders. 
Individual Banking 
The Bank’s individual banking activities are organised under mass and blue class sub-segments to enable the 
Bank to differentiate its services and to provide the most suitable products to different customer groups. As of 
30 September 2021, the Bank provided individual banking services to approximately 9 million mass customers 
and approximately 250 thousand blue class customers, respectively.  
The Bank’s product offering to its individual customers includes a full range of payment products, (credited 
regular school payment product, bill/games/betting payments), overdraft and deposit accounts (time deposit, 
demand deposit, flexible time deposit, fund deposit, gold deposit, and 5D deposit, state supported dowry and 
housing deposits), scrap gold collection, investment products, mortgages, auto loans, general purpose loans, 
home improvement loans, education loans and auto loans, İlk Param, Kartopu, Foreign Exchange Saving and 
Gold Saving products, Smart Broker and Second Fund of Funds, as well as health insurance products. 
The Bank offers customers in its mass segment a wide variety of products and services through diverse delivery 
channels including branches and a variety of alternative distribution channels such as internet and mobile 
banking portals, ATMs and call centres. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s loans and receivables in its mass 
segment comprised 95% of its total loans and receivables to its retail customers and the Bank’s deposits from 
customers in its mass segment comprised 72% of its total deposits from its retail customers. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s blue class customers were served by 423 relationship managers and a 
wide distribution network. In addition to the standard individual banking products offered to all individual 
customers, the Bank’s relationship managers for blue class customers have expertise in investment and mortgage 
products. Blue class customers also benefit from the Bank’s asset management and brokerage services. As of 
30 September 2021, the Bank’s loans and receivables in its blue class sub-segment comprised 2.64% of its total 
loans and receivables to its retail customers. 
Mortgages 
Mortgage loans are an important part of the retail banking business in the Turkish banking sector. As of 30 
September 2021, 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 mortgage loans amounted to 6.8%, 7.4%, 7.3% and 7.6%, 
respectively, of aggregate loans in the Turkish banking sector, according to BRSA weekly data. 
The Group’s mortgage loan portfolio increased to TL 13,243,227 thousand as of 30 September 2021, compared 
to TL 11,213,004 thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 10,513,952 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 
12,468,234 thousand as of 31 December 2018.

--- Page 217 ---
203 
 
 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s mortgage loans represented 3.6% of the Group’s total gross loans, 
compared to 3.5%; 4.0% and 5.0% as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  
The Bank’s mortgage loan strategy is based on providing service to customers through the Bank’s mortgage 
experts, developing dedicated branch and non-branch delivery channels and offering innovative mortgage 
products. The Bank’s mortgage experts provide customers with mortgage products and provide consultancy for 
all aspects of mortgages including financial, legal, technical and tax related issues at branches.  
The Bank has established a dedicated team within the mortgage department to work with real estate developers 
and improve the flow of new individual mortgage applications to the Bank. This programme has helped the 
Bank to strengthen its mortgage services through its relationships with real estate developers for 131 projects 
and 2,938 realtors. 
Payroll Services 
The Bank had 32,483 payroll companies and 2,956,682 payroll customers as of 30 September 2021 as compared 
to 30,787 payroll companies and 2,445,532 payroll customers as of 31 December 2020, 31,126 payroll 
companies and 2,220,167 payroll customers as of 31 December 2019 and 30,781 payroll companies and 
2,104,604 payroll customers as of 31 December 2018. The Bank has established limited service branches in the 
locations where its payroll services customers work in order to provide convenient service. The Bank’s 
management believes that the Bank enjoys a strategic strength in this area, which it intends to continue to 
develop and grow through cross selling of its products and services. In order to further increase its market share 
in this area, the Bank launched a salary customer strategy project in 2013, led by consultant firm the Boston 
Consulting Group (BCG), which aims to develop a comprehensive payroll structure and growth strategy for the 
Bank. Payroll services have been an area of the Bank’s focus as part of its strategy to focus on small ticket, retail 
and demand deposits and create cross sale opportunities.  
Auto loans 
The Group’s auto loans (including both commercial instalment car loans and consumer car loans) comprised 
2%, 1.3%, 0.5% and 0.6% of the Group’s total gross loans as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The Bank has had an exclusive agreement with Ford Otosan since December 2007, which allows the Bank the 
exclusive right to provide FordFinans branded auto loans for Ford automobiles in Turkey and allows customers 
to apply for an auto loan directly from a dealership through an online application system. In 2016, the Bank 
started to utilise individual and in 2018 commercial auto loans at Ford Otosan dealers through the online system. 
The agreement excludes heavy commercial vehicles, fleet sales and sales for car rental companies. 
Bancassurance 
In 2013, Allianz bancassurance partnership combined the Bank’s customer focused leading retail franchise with 
Allianz’s global experience in developing and managing insurance products. 
The Bank considers bancassurance an area with strong growth potential. As a bank with a significant retail 
market share the Bank has a large base of potential customers for both insurance and pension products. In 2015, 
the Bank integrated all its bancassurance products to its core IT system, which is expected to boost sales via 
branches whilst facilitating digital channel insurance sales (including sales via internet banking, mobile banking 
and call centres. As a result of the integration, time to market duration for new product developments is expected 
to diminish and the system’s flexibility when adapting to new conditions is expected to increase. As the market 
initiator, the Bank offers its customers a life insurance bundle with credit via mobile banking. Online life 
insurance sales via mobile banking are a pioneer process for the bancassurance business in Turkey.  
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had 35.0% market share in health insurance, 18.4% in life, 7.3% in P&C 
and 11.9% in pension among private banks. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
The private banking division serves the Bank’s high net worth and ultra-high net worth customers. The Bank’s 
wealth management services are carried out by its subsidiaries Yapı Kredi Invest and Yapı Kredi Asset 
Management, providing asset management and brokerage services to the Bank’s clients.

--- Page 218 ---
204 
 
 
Private Banking 
The Bank has a leading position in the private banking market in Turkey both in terms of total asset size, which 
amounted to TL 84.1 billion as of 30 September 2021 (including equity balance), and distribution network, 
private banking centres, branches, as well as remote services. Customers with high personal financial assets are 
serviced by the Bank’s private banking division. The Bank considers a private banking customer to be active if 
they meet the active customer criteria (i.e., having actual funds on the account and carrying out any transaction) 
at least once and are assigned to a portfolio within the last 1.5 years. As of 30 September 2021, 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Bank had 15,881, 20,035, 19,416 and 18,908 active private 
banking customers, respectively. 
As of 30 September 2021, private banking customers were served by 122 private banking relationship managers 
through 22 private banking centres/branches. ADCs for the private banking segment also include a dedicated 
call centre team and a separate private banking web page on the Bank website. 
The total volume of deposits managed by the private banking business amounted to TL 46.7 billion as of 30 
September 2021, TL 46.7 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 42.0 billion as of 31 December 2019 and TL 41.1 
billion as of 31 December 2018. In assets under management in the mutual fund business, the Bank had 14.63%, 
15.62% 12.20% and 16.83% of the Turkish market, as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018, respectively, according to Rasyonet statistics. 
As of 30 September 2021, the private banking division provided a wide range of products and services, including 
45 different types of mutual funds such as hedge funds, bonds and bill funds, variable funds, equity funds, fund 
of funds, a precious metals fund, a participation fund, a mixed fund and a money market fund. The Bank 
launched a new FX Hedge Fund which customers can invest in USD for a certain maturity to gain fixed return. 
The Bank uses customer relationship management (“CRM”) modelling tools in order to define eligible 
customers for different types of products such as securities, derivative products (forwards, futures and options), 
foreign exchange, gold and equity trading, insurance products, safe deposit boxes and e-banking services. The 
Bank also has affiliates and subsidiaries, which provide investment, advisory and portfolio management 
services. The Bank also offers various advisory services through different and specialised business partners such 
as Tax Advisory, Art Advisory, Inheritance Advisory, Real Estate Advisory, Philanthropy Advisory, and 
Educational Advisory. Private banking customers are also entitled to a number of services such as ATM cash 
withdrawals up to five-times the normal daily withdrawal limit, invitations to events and concerts, a dedicated 
call centre line, customised internet and mobile tablet banking services, 24-hour emergency ambulance service 
and have access to seminars on pertinent issues relevant to their financial interests, including investments, 
financial markets and taxation and are kept informed on the economy and capital markets through daily emails. 
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım) 
Yapı Kredi Invest provides institutional and individual investors with investment and advisory solutions, with 
strategies spanning asset classes, industries, and geographies. Yapı Kredi Invest’s investment product range 
includes fixed income, public equities, commodities, derivatives and leveraged foreign currency trading 
operations. Additionally, it provides corporate finance advisory services with a dedicated team. 
Yapı Kredi Invest has established one of the widest branch networks in Turkey, with a presence in nine cities 
in Turkey. It has three Sales Desks in İstanbul and ten branches in the cities as Adana, Ankara, Antalya, 
Balikesir, Bursa, Denizli, Izmir, Kayseri, Samsun, Gaziantep and Konya and two branches in Istanbul (Göztepe 
and Bakırköy). 
As of 30 September 2021, Yapı Kredi Invest was the top domestic brokerage house in Turkey, with a 13.34% 
market share in the equity market and, as of 30 September 2021, Yapı Kredi Invest had a 21.07% market share 
in the derivatives market, each according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications.  
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy) 
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, private pension 
funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio advisory and private fund 
establishment services. Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides services throughout the country through its 
head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network. It had 55 employees as of 30 September 2021.

--- Page 219 ---
205 
 
 
As of 30 September 2021 Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 27 mutual funds, 18 hedge funds and had total 
assets of approximately TL 29.6 billion. Its total market share for mutual and hedge funds stood at 14.6% as of 
30 September 2021.  
Yapı Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 26 private pension funds. It had 
approximately 13.3% market share of the pension fund market in Turkey, with assets under management of 
approximately TL 25.4 billion as of 30 September 2021. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 447 customers as of 30 
September 2021, of which 10 were institutional and 437 were high income individual investors. Yapı Kredi 
Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio management services, excluding 
mutual funds, were approximately TL 662 million as of 30 September 2021. 
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary portfolios, 
amounted to TL 55.7 billion as of 30 September 2021. 
Commercial and SME Banking  
As of September 2021, the Bank served its commercial clients via 45 branches and 328 relationship managers. 
Commercial customers are segmented mainly by the value of their annual turnover. Commercial customers are 
companies with an annual turnover of between TL 25 million to TL 500 million, while companies with turnover 
of less than TL 25 million are considered to be part of the Bank’s SME segment. 
As of 30 September 2021, commercial and SME banking comprised 36% of the Bank’s cash loan portfolio, 
while deposits from commercial and SME banking comprised 22% of the Bank’s total deposits. 
The primary business lines in the commercial banking segment are working capital, financing, foreign trade 
finance, project finance, leasing and factoring, domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities, cash 
management and e-banking services to mid-size and large commercial clients. 
Prior to August 2021 the Group’s corporate banking unit and its commercial and SME banking unit were 
operated as a single operating segment within the Group.  They were separated in August 2021 with the 
appointment of Muharrem Kaan Şakul as Assistant General Manager for Corporate Banking and Akif Cahit 
Erdoğan appointed as Assistant General Manager for Commercial and SME Banking Management. As a result, 
with respect to our results by segment, comparisons to prior periods are limited and for our results by segment 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 we have presented our operating segments as of 30 September 
2021, with Corporate Banking and Commercial and SME Banking presented separately as individual operating 
segments.  On that basis, net operating income for the commercial and SME banking segment increased to TL 
3,327,587 thousand for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 from TL 1,317,358 thousand for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2020. Non-interest income has remained stable at TL 1,514,365 for the nine months 
ended 30 September 2021 and cash loan volume increased by 9.5% for the nine months ended 30 September 
2021 compared to the nine months ended 30 September 2020 mainly driven by 18% growth in TL cash loan 
volumes. 
 
SMEs (corporate customers with an annual turnover of of between TL 8 million to TL 25 million TL) are an 
important segment for the Bank. As of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018, the Bank had over 308,082, 310,521, 363,828 and 373,917 SME clients, respectively. 
In 2017, the Bank restructured its segmentation approach to serve the Bank’s SME customer base more 
efficiently. Customers were segmented based on their size and diverse financial needs. Under the new 
segmentation criteria, the SME segment is divided into two sub-segments: (i) customers with an annual turnover 
between TL 2 million and TL 8 million are segmented as Small Enterprises, and (ii) customers with an annual 
turnover between TL 8 million and TL 25 million are segmented as Medium Enterprises and served accordingly 
in the Bank’s branches. 
Customer acquisition activities are supported by Direct Sales Force (“DSF”) teams whose sole purpose is to 
acquire new customers and create sales leads.  
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s SME customers were served through a network of 1081 dedicated 
relationship managers in the Bank’s branches,  179 DSFs in the Bank’s SME banking centres, and are

--- Page 220 ---
206 
 
 
encouraged to utilise the Bank’s alternative distribution channels such as internet banking, Yapı Kredi Mobile, 
ATMs and operating out of call centres. The Bank also provides SME customers a similar range of products to 
those provided to corporate customers, as well as commercial purchasing cards specifically designed for SMEs.  
SMEs globally encounter difficulties to access the financial services they require. To address this issue, the CGF 
was established as a joint-stock company in accordance with Turkish Commercial Code in 1994. Its shareholders 
are banks, Small and Medium Industry Development Organization (“KOSGEB”) and The Union Chambers 
and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey. The CGF provides access to finance for SMEs that are not eligible for 
bank loans due to insufficient collateral, by acting as a joint guarantor. Although the CGF’s priority is to support 
SMEs, non-SMEs can also apply for CGF guarantees for certain programs. 
There are two types of evaluation systems for CGF guaranteed loans: 
• 
Portfolio Limit System: The CGF evaluates the credit worthiness of SMEs through its 
own specialists in addition to the Bank’s process. In this system, in addition to the DGF’s 
evaluation, the Bank may ask the SME for more information; and 
• 
Portfolio Guarantee System: In this system, the CGF does not take part in the decision 
making process. The CGF bases its evaluation on the credit worthiness rating done by the Bank 
and does not conduct any further evaluation. In this system, the Bank has complete autonomy 
to extend loans with a CGF guarantee. 
The scope of the guarantee differs according to the source of the guarantee. The source of the guarantee can be 
either the CGF’s equity or treasury supported funds. Until 2017, the CGF had limited impact on the Bank's 
lending. In February 2018, a cabinet decree was enacted allowing the CGF to provide Turkish Treasury 
guarantees up to TL 55 billion. This guarantee covers 80% of each loan granted to SMEs, 75% of each loan 
granted to non-SMEs, and 100% of each loan granted to exporters of each loan granted by a bank and is valid 
as long as the total NPL rate of the portfolio does not exceed a cap of 7%. In May 2018, an updated protocol 
was signed providing for a new TL 32.5 billion tranche, with guarantee coverage on loans of between 80 to 
100%, subject to the same NPL rate portfolio cap of 7%. Under the updated protocol, the limit on the total value 
of guarantees that could be provided was lowered to TL 52.5 billion.  The Bank continued to use the CGF 
program in 2019 as well. In January, March and June 2019, a total of TL 75 billion in loans were granted with 
an 80% guarantee limit by the Turkish treasury with three different programs of CGF.  Pursuant to an 
amendment made in the legislation, the Turkish Development and Investment Bank was added among the 
eligible lenders and natural persons were explicitly added as eligible borrowers. 
On 30 March 2020, in order to address the economic impact of the COVID‑19 coronavirus, the amount available 
under the CGF programme was increased from TL 25 billion to TL 50 billion and the total amount of guarantees 
that may be given by the CGF was increased from TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases in the 
guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower groups). In April 2020, The Turkish treasury provided 
guarantees of TL 44 billion. The Bank is actively taking part in this new scheme in relation to the CGF 
programme. Then, in November 2020, a guarantee was provided with TL 8 billion specifically for companies 
in the tourism sector, which is one of the sectors most affected by the pandemic. In June 2021, the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance, in cooperation with the Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey and 
the CGF and with the participation of 10 banks, including the Bank, announced a new supportive loan package 
called “Breath Loan” to provide financial support to SMEs whose turnover dropped at least 25% in 2020 due to 
COVID-19. With this package, SMEs with annual turnover not exceeding TL 1 million are eligible for a loan 
of up to TL 50,000, while SMEs with annual turnover between TL 1-10 million are eligible for a loan of up to 
TL 200,000. Loans are guaranteed by the CGF, and the annual interest rate of the 12-month loans will be 17.5%, 
with the option of a six-month grace period. The package became effective as of June 1, 2021, total amounting 
TL 5 billion. 
The BRSA decided in February 2017 that treasury-supported CGF guarantees are to be considered a direct 
guarantee from the Turkish treasury. As a result, the risk of the portion of the loans covered by CGF guarantees 
is calculated with the same risk weight as the Turkish treasury (or 0%), while the risk of the remaining portion 
of the SME loans with CGF guarantees (the portion not covered by the CGF guarantees) is calculated based on 
the client’s segment information.

--- Page 221 ---
207 
 
 
In 2018, the Bank took part in three loan programmes in conjunction with supranational organisations to provide 
longer maturity and discounted interest rate funding for its SME customers. During this period, the Bank 
continued to cooperate with the KOSGEB and with the CGF to provide government subsidised loans to small 
businesses. In 2019, a loan program that was has interest support of KOSGEB and guarantee of CGF was 
participated to provide financial support to entrepreneurial firms, and financial support for entrepreneurs 
continues under this program in 2020 and 2021. In 2019, the Bank also took part in a loan programme through 
the Turkish Residential Energy Efficiency Financing Facility, providing financing for vendors of energy-
efficient white goods and renewable energy equipment vendors. 
Corporate Banking 
As of September 2021, the Bank served its corporate clients via 4 branches and 32 relationship managers. 
Corporate customers are segmented mainly by the value of their annual turnover. Corporate customers are 
companies with an annual turnover of more than TL 500 million. 
Segmentation criteria are designed to better address the needs of the Bank’s corporate clients by providing tailor-
made services and products based on the company’s turnover, size, standing in the banking system and 
behaviour.  
As of 30 September 2021, corporate banking comprised 28% of the Bank’s cash loan portfolio, while deposits 
from corporate banking comprised 17% of the Bank’s total deposits. 
The Bank provides additional services to its corporate customers including working capital financing, foreign 
trade finance, project finance, a variety of domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as letters 
of credit and guarantees, cash management, investment banking and brokerage, factoring, leasing and insurance 
services. In addition, in non-cash loans, the Bank provides both domestic and foreign currency facilities to its 
customers, principally comprising guarantees in relation to imports and letters of credit in respect of trade 
financing activities.  
Project Finance 
The Bank has been active in the provision of project finance loans and syndicated loans in Turkey since 1999. 
As of September 2021, its project finance team comprised 19 staff members specialising in infrastructure, 
energy (mainly renewable), commercial real estate and acquisition projects. 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2021, the Bank had underwritten TL 609.5 million (U.S.$69.8 million) 
of project finance loans, compared to approximately TL 1,003 million (U.S.$136.8 million)  for the year ended 
31 December 2020, to approximately TL 1,030.8 million (U.S.$173.5 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and to approximately TL 5,881 million for the year ended 31 December 2018. The maturity of project 
finance loans typically ranges from five to 15 to 18 years, with a maximum grace period of four years.  
Global Transaction Banking 
The product range of the global transaction banking department covers traditional products in addition to 
structured products, which are customised for client needs.  
The cash management and trade finance teams have product development and sales departments which serve 
the Turkish Lira and foreign currency cash flow needs of the Bank’s clients. As of 30 September 2021, the sales 
team’s 31 staff were divided among the head office, eleven commercial regions, twenty two retail regions, three 
corporate branches and one international branch in order to provide support and keep close contact with both 
clients and branches. The sales team also focuses its coverage on the digitalisation of the clients, the network 
and the complete product range.  
The Bank maintains its leading position in cheque clearing between private banks (according to Takasbank 
statistics as of 30 September 2021), with a market share of approximately 12.3% and maintained its strong 
industry position with 13.4% in import flows and 16.5% in export flows (according to the Turkish Statistical 
Institute as of 30 September 2021). In the nine month period ended 30 September 2021, the number of clients 
utilizing the Bank’s cash management and trade finance products is more than 265,000.

--- Page 222 ---
208 
 
 
Cash Management 
The Bank has further strengthened its market leading e-banking position, with particular high turnover 
performance in direct debit and the BANKOTM-OHES bulk payment system, while maintaining its leading 
position in traditional collection systems such as domestic cheque clearing in the Takasbank. The Bank’s cash 
management services include a broad variety of products, including all countywide collection and payment 
services, cash transfer services, electronic banking and operational services. In addition, the Bank offers a 
variety of data integration and reconciliation solutions related to its products. In the nine months ended 30 
September 2021, the Bank’s bulk payment transactions increased by 55% to 17.5 million as compared to the 
same period of 2020.  
 
Trade Finance 
The Bank provides a variety of support services and payment management mechanisms to Turkish companies 
engaging in international trade transactions. These include advance payments, letters of credit (sight, deferred 
and acceptance), cash against documents, cash against goods, standby letters of credit, export financing (pre- and 
post-shipment), import financing (post-financing, promissory note discount), forfaiting and export credit 
insurance, back-to-back letters of credit and transferable letters of credit. In addition to traditional import and 
export products, the Bank offers its customers innovative and alternative foreign trade products and structured 
solutions. 
The Bank has created a special team that is responsible for expanding its structured trade finance business 
through export credit agencies and export-import banks of other countries, as well as originating short-term and 
long-term financing through correspondent banks for the investment needs of the clients. 
International Banking 
The Bank was one of the first Turkish banks to establish correspondent banking relationships and to undertake 
foreign business. The relationship management function for foreign financial institutions for the Bank is 
conducted by the Financial Institutions team. The Financial Institutions team also carries out functions including 
the following: 
• 
provides presentations and insight on developments on the Bank and the Turkish economic and political 
environment to correspondent banks; 
• 
discusses new products with correspondent banks and implements them within the Bank, in collaboration 
with the Trade Finance department, in order to gain access to new markets and improve service quality; 
• 
engages in the international marketing of the Bank and its products; 
• 
analyses the financial situation of banks and applies for credit lines on their behalf; and 
• 
arranges long-term structured borrowings in accordance with the Bank’s projected borrowing needs. 
Treasury 
The Bank’s treasury department consists of five major groups: Fixed Income Securities, Money Markets and 
Balance Sheet Management, Foreign Exchange and Derivatives, ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring, and 
Treasury Marketing. It manages the Bank’s on-going liquidity needs, interest rate risks, foreign exchange rates 
and controls its proprietary investment portfolio. 
Fixed Income Securities 
The Fixed Income group is primarily in charge of managing the Bank’s local and foreign currency fixed income 
portfolios. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank was one of the 12 primary dealers accepted by the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance in Turkey. The Fixed Income group also manages local and foreign currency deposits. As 
of 30 September 2021, the Group’s securities portfolio amounted to 18.04% of its total assets. For a discussion 
of the Bank’s securities portfolio, see “Management’s Discussion and Analyses of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations—Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Marketable Securities Portfolio”.

--- Page 223 ---
209 
 
 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had a 8.27% market share in securities trading on the Borsa Istanbul 
compared with 11.02% as of 31 December 2020, 18.34% as of 31 December 2019 and 14.89% as of 
31 December 2018, according to the Borsa Istanbul. 
Money Market & Balance Sheet Management and Foreign Exchange & Derivatives 
This group is primarily involved in asset and liability management activities, interbank money market 
transactions and foreign exchange trading, including derivatives. For the nine months ended 30 September 2021, 
the Bank’s trading volume was U.S.$258 billion, compared to U.S.$ 496 billion for the year ended 31 December 
2020, U.S.$920 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019 and U.S.$780 billion for the year ended 
31 December 2018. The Bank’s interbank foreign exchange trade volume was approximately U.S.$100 billion 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2021, U.S.$ 186 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
U.S.$230 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019 and U.S.$316.5 billion for the year ended 31 December 
2018. Foreign exchange volume for client transactions denominated against the Turkish Lira was U.S.$38 
billion in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, U.S.$51 billion in the year ended 2020, U.S.$52 billion in 
the year ended 31 December 2019,  U.S.$72.8 billion in the year ended 31 December 2018. As of 30 September 
2021, the Bank also held 9.56%, 6.24% and 4.70% market shares (customer transactions against the Turkish 
Lira) in the domestic spot trading, forward and swap markets, respectively. 
This group is also responsible for stabilising the interest income on the balance sheet and creating necessary 
funding for targeted asset growth purposes. 
ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring 
The ALM Planning and Financial Monitoring group is primarily responsible for monitoring the treasury 
department’s performance and activities. This group also assists other groups within the treasury department 
with introducing new products. 
Treasury Marketing 
The Treasury Marketing group is the contact point for large scale corporate, commercial and private customers. 
The group advises and assists customers with managing risk exposures and hedging opportunities. The group 
completed transactions worth approximately U.S.$37 billion for customers in the nine months ended 30 
September 2021, U.S.$55 billion for customers in the year ended 31 December 2020, U.S.$68 billion for 
customers in the year ended 31 December 2019 and U.S.$104 billion for customers in the year ended 
31 December 2018. 
Distribution Network 
The Bank offers its banking products and services through an extensive distribution network, which includes 
branches as well as advanced ADCs such as ATMs, call centres, internet banking and mobile banking. 
Branches 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank had 826 branches (including one branch in Bahrain, but excluding its 
international presence through the Group’s overseas subsidiaries; the Group had 858 branches including its 
international presence). While the Bank’s branch network covers all regions in Turkey, most of the branches 
are in the largest cities, with 69% of the Bank’s branches being located in the ten largest cities (including 
Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Antalya, Bursa, Konya and Adana) as of 30 September 2021. According to BRSA 
statistics, the Bank’s market share in the ten largest cities in Turkey as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 in terms of branches was 9.6%, 9.6%, 9.5% and 9.3%, 
respectively, compared to 8.4%, 8.4%, 8.3% and 8.2%, across Turkey as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively. The Bank has a number of different types of 
branches, including standard, satellite and mobile, which provide customers with a wide range of services. As 
of 30 September 2021, 91% of the Bank’s branches were retail related, demonstrating the retail market 
orientation of the Bank. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s corporate commercial branch network consisted 
of 49 branches and the Bank’s private banking network comprised 20 private banking centres.

--- Page 224 ---
210 
 
 
Alternative Channels 
The Bank uses three main ADCs: ATMs, Digital Banking and a 24 hour call centre, all of which rely upon the 
Bank’s information technology platform. These channels allow customers to access services 24 hours a day and 
seven days a week. The cost of processing transactions through ADCs is lower than processing them through 
branches. Therefore the Bank encourages its customers to utilise ADCs by offering promotions and reduced 
fees in return for customers using these channels instead of the branches. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank 
handled 97.2% of all its transactions through non-branch channels and the remaining 2.8% through branches. 
Of the 88.1% handled through ADCs, 28.6% were via ATMs, 59.4% via Digital Banking (composing internet 
and mobile banking), 0.1% via its four call centres and the remaining 9.1% via other channels including post 
office and centralised automated transaction channels.  
ATMs 
As of September 2021, the Bank had the fifth largest ATM network in Turkey, with 4,551 ATMs and nearly 
7 million ATM users. As of the same date, 94% of the cash transactions of the Bank was performed at the 
ATMs. The Bank continues to grow its ATM network throughout Turkey.  
All of the Bank’s ATMs are full function ATMs with cash deposit and cash withdrawal functionality.  At the 
beginning of the 2005, ‘Recycle ATMs’ (where the banknotes deposited can be also used for withdrawal) were 
deployed in order to reduce the bank’s operational cost and to optimize the efficiency of its ATM Network. As 
of September 2021, 89% of the Bank’s ATMs were Recycle ATMs. 
The Bank has positioned its ATMs channel to complement its digital channel. As of September 2021, 
approximately 86% of ATM customers are also active digital customers. To improve digital convergence, in 
addition to cash withdrawal, cash deposit, cash advance and cash advance with installment via QR code for 
individual customers, the Bank also implemented cash withdrawal and cash deposit via QR code transactions 
for corporate customers. The Bank continues to be a pioneer in this sector. Thus, digital banking customers who 
prefer ATMs for cash transactions can easily withdraw or deposit in TL, USD or EUR currencies via QR Code 
and use cash advance and cash advance with installment without using a card and without touching the ATM. 
The Bank will continue to increase the number of transactions performed via QR Codes. As of September 2021, 
one out of every four cash withdrawal transactions were made via QR code.  
In addition to being the most frequently visited high volume transaction processing channel, the Bank continued 
its focus on sales offers at ATMs. For instance, general purpose loan and flexible account are being offered 
from the Bank’s ATMs in order to meet customers’ cash needs instantly. In the nine months ended 30 September 
2021 over 5.5 million products were sold from the Bank’s ATMs. 
Digital Banking 
As of 30 September 2021, digital banking had 8 million individual customers and about 408 thousand corporate 
and commercial customers. On the mobile banking side, the Bank had 8 million active mobile banking 
customers including 7.7 million “Individual Mobile Banking” customers and 333 thousand “Corporate Mobile 
Banking” customers. The Bank’s number of active digital banking customers has increased 20% from 
September 2020 to September 2021. The number of mobile banking active customers has increased 22% from 
September 2020 to September 2021. The share of non-cash transactions executed through digital banking as a 
percentage of all non-cash transactions had increased to 98.4% as of 30 September 2021. The Bank has 
experienced increasing numbers of transactions and transaction volumes in recent years, mainly due to higher 
internet penetration rates globally and in Turkey, and significant marketing of the Bank’s internet banking 
services. 
As of 30 September 2021, 74% of general purposes loans (“GPL”) sales were made via digital banking channels 
(4% through the internet and 70% through mobile applications). Additionally, 15.76% of total GPL sales were 
made through call centres. Digital banking services are currently provided through internet banking and mobile 
banking applications. The Bank’s Yapı Kredi Mobile application is available to all customers and its World 
Mobile application is available for card customers. In 2021, the Bank also launched POS Cepte (POS in the 
Pocket in English) which is available for merchants. Mobile banking applications can be installed on mobile 
devices through mobile application markets or by visiting yukle.yapikredi.com for Yapı Kredi Mobile and 
yapikredi.com.tr/worldmobil for World Mobile.

--- Page 225 ---
211 
 
 
In 2020, The Bank redesigned its Yapı Kredi Mobile application interface with updated design principles to be 
more convenient. The Bank’s mobile banking applications have been downloaded 34 million times in total as 
of September 2021. 
The Bank launched “digital onboarding via video assistants” on its mobile banking app, as a first in Turkey. 
Users can easily and quickly become a Yapı Kredi customer without having to visit a branch by downloading 
the Yapı Kredi Mobile app on mobile phones and contacting the “Video Assistants”. The digital onboarding 
feature is available on both iOS and Android platforms. 
The Bank has launched various digital payment solutions. Users can have a seamless and contactless payment 
experience without a physical card thanks to World PAY. The Bank provides customers several payment 
methods to serve different customer needs which are Host Card Emulation based NFC payment, payment via 
QR code, in-car payment and online shopping loan integration with e-commerce companies. 
The Bank announced in December 2021 that it will take part in the “SWIFT Go” project jointly with SWIFT. 
SWIFT launched SWIFT Go in 2021 as a cross-border payment solution connecting institutions and bank 
accounts for lower value international payments.  The Bank intends to provide customers with access to SWIFT 
Go as an additional product to complement its other payment solutions. 
The Bank has launched “Mobile Approval”, by which wet-ink signatures will not be needed to apply for 
services. The motivation of the Bank behind launching this innovation was to reduce paper waste and to 
introduce Yapi Kredi Mobile to non-digital customers. Mobile Approval uses Yapi Kredi Mobile to process 
signatures. Thanks to Mobile Approval, customers are able to be approved from the comfort of their own mobile 
device.Also, in line with the Bank’s focus on designing end-to-end digital processes for customers, the Bank 
has designed an end-to-end digital experience for card customers. Starting with the card application, customers 
can follow every step of the journey digitally until they receive their card in the Yapi Kredi Mobile application. 
Having applied for a card, the customer can view the application status. Once the application is approved, the 
customer can follow the delivery process. After the card is received, the customer can set a password for the 
card. This feature enables customers to be in control and experience the journey all the way through. 
Furthermore, Yapı Kredi has launched “My Car+” and gathered all car-related transactions in one place with 
exclusive reminders of deadlines to make car owner customers’ lives easier. With My Car+, customers can save 
their car plate to the platform for one time and make their car-related transactions with this information.  
The Bank’s customers can now see if a branch is busy or not on the Bank’s branch density map and book a 
prioritised appointment before visiting the branch. Furthermore, the “Don’t Panic Button” helps customers 
manage their cards anytime, anywhere via Yapı Kredi Mobile. With this feature, users can lock their card(s) 
temporarily for 24 hours and cancel their cards instantly. When customers lock their cards, they can still 
withdraw money via QR code or pay credit card bills.  
Additionally, the Bank launched a “Jet Transactions” menu to make transactions quicker and easier for users. 
Three main transactions of an ordinary user are moved to semi-secure area to create a more seamless experience. 
These transactions are cash transfer, cash withdrawal or deposit with QR code and World Pay. 
Furthermore, the Bank facilitates user identification with the help of NFC technology. Now, the Bank’s 
customers can contactlessly login to Yapı Kredi Mobile by approaching their credit card to the NFC reader field 
on the back of their phone and entering their card password.  
Aiming to be accessible to customers at any time or anywhere; the Bank has become the first in Turkey to 
provide service via a verified corporate “WhatsApp” account.  This feature enables customers to instantly text 
their requests via their mobile devices and get prompt information about services and products they need. 
Depending on their needs, customers may be served by artificial intelligence-powered chat bot or live customer 
representatives.  The Bank’s chatbot service is also available on its corporate website and in facebook messenger 
With the “One Pin” integration, the Bank enables its customers to use their internet/mobile banking password 
on telephone banking as well. In addition, the Bank also enables its customers to approve loan agreements with 
their Yapı Kredi Mobile password without the need to sign documents in branches. 
The Bank launched the first smart keyboard for money transfer in Turkey, and one of the first ones in the world. 
Yapı Kredi Banking Keyboard enables customers to switch from the standard keyboard in messaging

--- Page 226 ---
212 
 
 
applications to a smart keyboard for money transfers. It works on any instant messaging applications including 
but not limited to: Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Snapchat, Instagram, SMS. The Bank’s customers 
can also send money by voice or texting, via Siri and iMessage. 
To ensure secure internet connections, the Bank offers Smart Notification, which replaces one time password 
(“OTP”) that is sent through SMS. The Bank’s internet banking system provides 24-hour customer service 
through live chat, call centres and email enquiries. 
Moreover, the Bank focused on increasing the direct sales capability of digital channels as a way to ensure 
sustainable growth. The Bank offers branchless GPL product which provides customers with a convenient way 
to meet their financial needs as well as boosts bank revenues. Customers can apply for a loan on the internet 
and mobile banking and the approved credit amount is sent directly to customer’s account, even on weekends. 
It also provides access to more products such as flexible account, credit card application and life insurance sales 
on internet banking. The Bank has also e-Government Gateway integration which enables customers to make 
over 1,200 transactions related to public institutions with their internet banking password without needing any 
other credentials. 
The Bank utilises BehaviorPad, a behavioural targeting tool designed for proposing the most relevant offers to 
customers on yapikredi.com.tr. Furthermore, thanks to the Web Payment Center (a first in the banking sector), 
users can make bill payments even if they are not the Bank’s customers and can also pay MVT (motor vehicle 
tax) on yapikredi.com.tr. The Bank also provides an Application Center, which involves credit card, GPL, 
mortgage, SME loan, education loan and private pension functions. 
The Bank has recently started to provide “Auto Enrolment In Private Pension System” and offer this product 
both via Corporate Internet Banking and yapikredi.com.tr. 
The Bank also provides an alarm and reminder service (Smart Assistant) that notifies customers instantly via 
SMS, e-mail or push notification. 
Furthermore, the World Mobile app aims to digitalize card customers’ end-to-end shopping experience. World 
Mobil offers special discounts, loyalty points, instalments and postponement benefits to its wide network of 
more than 300,000 stores. In order to provide this experience, World Mobil presents its customers after 
shopping functions of reviewing earned benefits, several digital payment solutions such as QR and NFC 
payments and card management and control functions. 
Moreover, with POS Cepte, the mobile devices become POS Machine for merchant customers. They can 
receive payment with their Android mobile devices. Yapı Kredi POS Cepte also offers services such as 
registering the product, receiving payment by entering the amount, receiving payment by selecting the 
registered product, sending a transaction document to cardholder, tracking the sales transactions, return and 
cancellation transactions and selecting the personnel to be authorized. 
Customer Relations Centre 
The Bank’s Customer Relations Center has positioned itself to set the standards in this sector in Turkey. The 
Bank’s award-winning call centre is one of the largest financial call centres in Turkey in terms of agents and 
number of calls received. The call centre deals with a wide range of the Bank’s services including credit cards, 
merchants, retail, SME, corporate, commercial and private banking, serving both individual and corporate 
customers. As of 30 September 2021, the call centre had 1,106 employees. In addition to being one of the most 
important service channels, the Bank’s contact centre has a significant role as a sales hub. In the nine months 
ended 30 September 2021, the contact centre carried out approximately 36.1 million contacts, 961 thousand 
credit card retention calls, 678 thousand customers retained and 4.4 million product sales. Approximately 62.5% 
of the call centre activities are carried out via an interactive voice recognition system which allows self-service 
usage.

--- Page 227 ---
213 
 
 
Corporate Structure 
The following chart presents the corporate structure of the Group and its shareholders as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Note: 
The Group’s stake in Yapı Kredi Faktoring and Yapı Kredi Portföy reflects the sum of the Group’s direct and indirect shareholdings. 
Subsidiaries 
Below is a description of the Bank’s primary operating subsidiaries. 
Domestic Subsidiaries  
Yapı Kredi Leasing 
Yapı Kredi Leasing was established in 1987 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is 99.99% owned by 
the Bank. Yapı Kredi Leasing has been listed on the Borsa Istanbul since 1994. However, in accordance with 
Article 25 of the ISE Listing Regulation and the CMB’s Principle Decision on De-Listing, dated 30 July 2010 
and numbered 22/675, Yapı Kredi Leasing was delisted following the second session of 20 July 2012. As of 30 
September 2021, Yapı Kredi Leasing had shareholders’ equity of TL 3.2 billion. As of 30 September 2021, Yapı 
Kredi Leasing had 129 employees. The key role of Yapı Kredi Leasing is to develop and provide customers 
with leasing products through the Bank’s wide branch network as well as 14 Yapı Kredi Leasing branches. 
Yapı Kredi Faktoring 
Yapı Kredi Faktoring was established in 1999 and is 99.96% owned by the Bank as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Yapı Kredi Faktoring provides factoring services in Turkey via: its head office in Istanbul, branches 
in Beyoğlu, Güneşli, Kartal, Kadıköy, Izmir, Ankara, Bursa, Antalya and Adana. The company had 125 
employees as of 30 September 2021. Yapı Kredi Faktoring offers its customers monitoring and collection of 
short term domestic or international receivables from product or service sales, guarantees for receivables against 
payment defaults and flexible financing through early payment before the due date of the receivables. Yapı 
Kredi Faktoring is a member of Factors Chain International.  
Yapı Kredi Invest (Yapı Kredi Yatırım) 
Yapı Kredi Invest was founded in 1989, and as a leading brokerage house in Turkey, Yapı Kredi Invest provides 
its services to clients inside and outside Turkey. With three sales departments in its HQ in Istanbul, ten 
investment branches outside Istanbul (Ankara, Adana, Antalya, Bursa, Denizli, İzmir, Kayseri, Samsun, 
Gaziantep and Konya) and two branches in Istanbul (Göztepe and Bakırköy), digital channels, as well as the 
extensive branch network of Yapı Kredi. Yapı Kredi Invest provides capital market products, brokerage, 
corporate finance, derivatives, leveraged foreign currency trading operations and investment advisory services.  
Yapı Kredi Invest ranked first among brokerage houses, with a 13.34% market share of the equity market as of 
30 September 2021, according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications. As of 30 September 2021, Yapı Kredi Invest 
generated a 21.07% market share in the derivatives market among brokerage houses, compared to a 17.77% 
market share as of 31 December 2020, a 15.32% market share as of 31 December 2019 and a 15.79% market 
share as of 31 December 2018, according to Borsa Istanbul Data Publications.

--- Page 228 ---
214 
 
 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management (Yapı Kredi Portföy) 
Established in 2002, Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides customers with mutual funds, private pension 
funds and discretionary portfolio management products, together with portfolio advisory and private fund 
establishment services. Yapı Kredi Asset Management provides services throughout the country through its 
head office in Istanbul and the Bank’s branch network. It had 55 employees as of 30 September 2021. 
As of 30 September 2021 Yapı Kredi Asset Management offered 27 mutual funds, 18 hedge funds and had total 
assets of approximately TL 29.6 billion. Its total market share for mutual and hedge funds stood at 14.6% as of 
30 September 2021.  
Yapı Kredi Asset Management also provides management services to 26 private pension funds. It had 
approximately 13.3% market share of the pension fund market in Turkey, with assets under management of 
approximately TL 25.4 billion as of 30 September 2021. 
Yapı Kredi Asset Management provided discretionary portfolio management services to 447 customers as of 30 
September 2021, of which 10 were institutional and 437 were high income individual investors. Yapı Kredi 
Asset Management’s assets under management in its discretionary portfolio management services, excluding 
mutual funds, were approximately TL 662 million as of 30 September 2021. 
Managed assets, including mutual funds, private pension funds, hedge fund and discretionary portfolios, 
amounted to TL 55.7 billion as of 30 September 2021. 
Yapı Kredi Teknoloji 
Yapı Kredi Technology was founded in 2015 as a wholly-owned technology subsidiary of Yapı Kredi to offer 
innovative, creative and high value-added products and solutions in the finance sector. The company is located 
in İstanbul Technical University ARI Technopark. The company’s research and development activities mainly 
concentrate on two areas: 
• 
Artificial intelligence (machine learning, natural language processing, data mining); and 
• 
Mobile software development (on iOS and Android platforms)  . 
International Subsidiaries 
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland 
Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, is active in the Netherlands and 
subject to the supervision of De Nederlandsche Bank (the “Dutch Central Bank”) as well as the Netherlands 
Authority for the Financial Markets. The bank was established in May 1996 and changed its name from Koçbank 
Nederland N.V. to Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. upon acquiring the latter in 2007. The bank operates 
through its head office in Amsterdam and offers a wide range of retail, corporate and private banking services. 
Its main objective is to provide banking solutions to domestic customers and also to the Bank’s customers from 
abroad. The focus of its corporate services varies and covers a wide range such as transactional trade finance, 
ship finance, Islamic finance and project finance. In terms of retail banking, Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. 
provides saving and deposit products in the Dutch retail market to 10,466 customers as of 30 September 2021. 
As of 30 September 2021, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Bank Nederland N.V. were U.S.$2.1 billion. 
Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan 
Koçbank Azerbaijan was established as a joint venture between Koçbank (80%) and the IFC (20%) in 2000. In 
2006, KFS became the sole owner acquiring IFC’s share. Since early 2007, following the merger of Yapı Kredi 
and Koçbank, the Bank has continued functioning under the “Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan” brand. Yapı Kredi 
Bank Azerbaijan provides retail and corporate banking services to its customers, including loans, deposits, 
project finance, domestic and international money transfers, trade finance, equity market and securities 
transactions, credit card transactions, safe deposit box and travel cheques. As of 30 September 2021, Yapı Kredi 
Bank Azerbaijan operated through 7 branches, one central customer office, plus one satellite branch, it had 250 
employees and 5,588 corporate customers, 10,101 SME customers and 233,840 retail customers, 27 ATMs and 
2,016 POS terminals. In September 2012, Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan also launched credit card sales alongside

--- Page 229 ---
215 
 
 
its retail operations. As of 30 September 2021, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Bank Azerbaijan were U.S.$ 221.48 
million. 
Yapı Kredi Malta 
In October 2014, the Bank received from Malta Financial Services Authority a banking license to establish a 
new banking subsidiary in the Republic of Malta under the name of “Yapı Kredi Bank Malta Ltd.” following 
the necessary permission by the BRSA. Yapı Kredi Bank Malta Ltd. is controlled by Yapı Kredi Holding BV 
whose share capital is fully owned by the Bank. 
Yapı Kredi Malta started its operations in 2015 with a share capital of €60 million. In order to fulfil this capital 
requirement, the share capital of Yapı Kredi Holding BV was increased by the Bank to €102 million from 
€59 million. As of 30 September 2021, the total assets of Yapı Kredi Malta were U.S.$70.56 million (€60.50 
million).   
The Bank has decided to liquidate Yapı Kredi Malta and the European Central Bank accepted the surrender of 
its banking license in November 2021. 
Associates 
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A. 
Banque de Commerce et de Placements S.A. (“BCP”) is a Swiss bank established in 1963 and is 30.67% owned 
by the Bank. BCP has been an affiliate of the Bank since 1996. BCP operates in the areas of trade finance, 
wealth management, treasury services, and correspondent banking. Fitch Ratings has reaffirmed BCP’s Long-
Term Issuer Default Rating at 'BBB-' with a Negative Outlook and the bank's Viability Rating at ‘BBB-’. 
Headquartered in Geneva, the bank also operates through its branches in Luxembourg and Dubai. 
Yapı Kredi Insurance (Yapı Kredi Sigorta) and Yapı Kredi Pension (Yapı Kredi Emeklilik) 
The Group agreed to sell its non-life and life insurance businesses to Allianz and to establish a 15-year strategic 
distribution partnership for non-life insurance, life insurance and pension products in Turkey. Following 
regulatory approvals, the transaction was finalised on 12 July 2013.  
As the first component of this transaction, the Group sold its 93.94% stake in Yapı Kredi Insurance, including 
Yapı Kredi Pension, to Allianz for total cash consideration of TL 1,790 million (of which TL 1,410 million will 
accrue to the Bank). As the second component of the transaction, the Group then bought back and retained a 
total 19.93% stake in Yapı Kredi Pension for cash consideration of TL 188 million in order to benefit from the 
expected strong growth in the life insurance and pension business in Turkey.  
As the third component of the transaction, the Group also entered into the 15-year bancassurance agreement 
with Allianz for the marketing and distribution of non-life insurance, life insurance and pension products 
through the Group’s retail network and other alternative delivery channels. The partnership combines the 
Group’s customer-focused leading retail franchise in Turkey with Allianz’s global experience and leadership in 
developing and managing insurance products. Throughout the duration of the Bancassurance Agreement, the 
Bank is to receive a commission flow for the distribution services as well as a profit share from its life insurance 
sales. 
Joint Venture 
Yapı Kredi Koray Real Estate Investment Trust (Yapı Kredi Koray Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş.) 
Yapı Kredi Koray Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. (“YKGYO”) is a real estate investment trust established 
in 1996.  
The Bank sold its shares in YKGYO, which represented 30.45% of YKGYO’s share capital, and transferred to 
Koray Gayrimenkul ve Yatırım A.Ş. on 17 May 2021.  
As a result of the share transfer, the Bank has no remaining ownership in YKGYO's share capital, and YKGYO’s 
name has been changed to Koray Gayrimenkul Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş.

--- Page 230 ---
216 
 
 
Competition 
In recent years, the banking sector has become increasingly important to the Turkish economy and foreign banks 
have continued to be involved in the sector. 
According to the Turkish Banking Association, as of 30 September 2021, there were a total of 49 banks licensed 
to operate in Turkey excluding six participation banks. According to BRSA, as of 30 September 2021, the five 
largest banks in Turkey held approximately 61% of the banking sector’s aggregate loan portfolio and 
approximately 58.9% of aggregate banking sector assets in Turkey. Among the 10 largest banks, there are three 
state owned banks: Ziraat (ranked first), Halkbank (ranked second) and Vakıfbank (ranked third), which 
constituted approximately 39.3% of the total banking sector assets as of 30 September 2021. Foreign banks have 
shown a continued interest in the banking sector in Turkey in recent years. Foreign banks such as BNP Paribas, 
Burgan Bank, Emirates NBD, ING, Qatar National Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar, Commercial Bank of 
China and Odeabank all have interests in Turkish banks.  
According to BRSA statistics, as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Bank’s market 
share in loans, deposits and assets were as follows: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(%) 
Loans ..........................................  
8.5 
8.1 
8.7 
9.2 
Deposits .....................................  
8.1 
7.7 
9.0 
10.0 
Assets .........................................  
8.6 
8.1 
9.2 
9.5 
____________ 
Source: Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Agency (BRSA) 
As of 30 September 2021, according to BRSA statistics, the Bank was the third largest private bank in Turkey 
by total assets. According to BRSA statistics, as of 30 September 2021, the Bank ranked fourth in terms of cash 
and non-cash loans (including letters of guarantee, letters of credit and acceptances) with a 9.1% market share, 
and had a market share of 9.4% in consumer loans (ranking fourth) including mortgages, general purpose and 
auto loans, 3.6% in commercial instalment loans (ranking fourth) and 8.5% in company loans (ranking fourth). 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s market share in total deposits among private banks was 14.6% (compared 
to 14.2% as of 31 December 2020, 15.2% as of 31 December 2019 and 16.1% as of 31 December 2018) 
according to BRSA statistics. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank’s market share in total cash loans among private banks was 16.7% 
(compared with a market share of 16.1% as of 31 December 2020, 16.6% as of 31 December 2019 and 16.6% 
as of 31 December 2018) according to BRSA statistics. As of 30 September 2021, the Bank ranked fourth, with 
a revenue market share of 13.6% for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 according to BRSA statistics. 
The Bank’s management views Garanti Bank, Akbank and İşbank as the Bank’s main competitors. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank was a Turkish market leader in credit cards (16.8% market share in credit 
card outstanding volumes (ranking first) according to BRSA statistics, 16.3% market share in credit card issuing 
volumes (ranking second) and 15.4% market share in number of credit cards (ranking first), according to the 
Interbank Card Centre data). As of 30 September 2021, the Bank has strong positions in asset management 
(ranked first, with a 14.5% market share according to Rasyonet). As of 30 September 2021, the Bank was ranked 
second among private banks with a 19.8% market share in non-cash loans according to the BRSA statistics.  
Employees 
As of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Group had 
16,759, 16,938, 17,446 and 18,448 employees, respectively, of whom 15,795, 16,037, 16,631 and 17,577, 
respectively, were employees of the Bank. The following table sets out the number of employees of the Group 
and the Bank as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019, and 31 December 2018: 
 
As of 30 September 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Bank ..................................... 
15,795 
16,037 
16,631 
17,577 
Head office and operations .. 
7,744 
7,797 
8,157 
8,484 
Branches .............................. 
8,051 
8,240 
8,474 
9,093 
-Subsidiaries ........................ 
964 
901 
835 
871 
Total Group ........................ 
16,759 
16,938 
17,466 
18,448

--- Page 231 ---
217 
 
 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has a qualified workforce with appropriate educational 
backgrounds. All employees are trained in customer-oriented service principles and are considered competent 
in technical banking applications. Women represented 62% of total employees, and the proportion of university 
graduates was 84% as of 30 September 2021. As part of the Bank’s training strategy, the Bank employs new 
graduates and prepares them within the institutional culture for managerial positions. 
Within the Bank, there are unionised employees, for whom a collective bargaining agreement (the “CBA”) 
applies, in addition to Turkish labour laws and the Bank’s personnel regulations, which apply to all of the Bank’s 
employees. In total, 8,710 of the Bank’s employees were members of the Union, amounting to 55% of all 
employees as of 30 September 2021. 
With respect to Union employees, the Bank’s management and Union officials meet regularly to exchange 
information on working conditions. The Bank and the Union agree and sign new protocols to the CBA every 
two years and the latest agreement covers the period from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2021. The Bank also 
provides additional benefits to its employees including a group retirement plan, health insurance and welfare 
fund. 
Information Technologies 
The Group’s information technologies and operations departments are integrated in order to provide better 
service internally and improve the efficiency of core banking activities. 
 
The Group maintains its information technologies and operations infrastructure in order to support its growing 
business and minimise operational risk and business interruption. The Bank operates a 2,000 square meter 
information technology centre in Gebze, Kocaeli (43 kilometres from Istanbul), which deals with all of the 
Bank’s technology functions and initiatives. The fully operational information technology centre provides 
services to the Bank’s headquarters, branches and customers. The Bank has developed much of its software in-
house, including its internet banking software, through its software development department. 
 
The Group has developed and implemented procedures for emergency system and data restoration and maintains 
a separate disaster recovery centre in Ankara, which has been in place since 1998. The disaster recovery site 
contains all key applications, such as Core Banking, Internet Banking, Workflow Systems, Credit Cards 
Systems, ATMs, EFT, SWIFT and Treasury. Data is transferred online as defined in Disaster Recovery 
Procedures. The Group maintains a remote online real time disaster recovery system, which is operated when 
the main production system or main data centre is not available. The Group can transfer operations and re-route 
data lines through the disaster recovery system within 30 minutes. The disaster recovery centre is tested on a bi-
annual basis. This has enabled the Bank to be in full compliance with Basel II requirements for systems and 
data. 
 
In 2011, the Group decided to increase information technology (“IT”) capacity to enable better service to the 
business. The IT project development capacity has been increased by 50% from 2011 to 2014.  
 
In 2011, the Bank completed 178 IT projects. This number increased to 207 in 2012, 213 in 2013, 245 in 2014, 
334 in 2015, 263 in 2016, 281 in 2017, 208 in 2018, 255 in 2019 and 255 in 2020. For 2021, an IT master plan 
has been approved with a total of 634 projects. 
 
Within the scope of the Bank’s business continuity plan, the Bank began studying its back-up infrastructure 
relating to Treasury applications in September 2020. The Bank aims to ensure its infrastructure structure is able 
to withstand any potential business interruption or failure of its Treasury applications. The Bank plans to 
complete the studies in April 2021 and to implement an updated back-up infrastructure in December 2021. 
 
• 
Digitalisation Programme is an initiative to increase the digitalisation index of the Bank. The programme 
started in 2016 and is currently ongoing. 
• 
Digital Investment Programme (“INDIGO”) focuses on the investment needs of the customers in line 
with our strategy to provide superior digital banking services. The programme includes digital product 
enhancements, customer experience improvements, performance and wealth traceability and enriched 
reporting developments on digital channels. The programme started in 2018 and has thus far completed

--- Page 232 ---
218 
 
 
improvements to wealth traceability and enriched reporting on digital channels, which were completed as 
of July 2021, and a futures and options market (vadeli işlem ve opsiyon piyasası or “VIOP”) menu was 
created in our retail and corporate mobile banking channels. We also implemented improvements to the 
VIOP portfolio, including buying and selling futures and options assets, order tracking, development of 
VIOP account application features and collateral transfer improvements, which were completed in October 
2021. We plan to continue work on INDIGO with a service design project to be completed in July 2022 
and further development of our internet banking for December 2022. 
• 
The Target Operating Model (“TOM”) aims to maximise the front-to-back office ratio of the Bank via 
optimisation and standardisation of operation activities with branch and centre splits while increasing 
control focus of operations. Accordingly, target services models in the branches have been redefined and 
these models are being put in place through the launch of included IT and non IT initiatives. Initiatives 
consist of subprojects to eliminate, automate, centralise and transform operation activities. Preparations 
started in 2015 and completed by the end of 2018. 
TOM wave 4 is the next generation central operations model being designed for the Bank. The programme 
started in 2019 and aims to complete in 2022. Key enablers of the project are: 
• 
Building proximity model for branch operations and positioning branch operations as controller 
rather than executer; 
• 
Developing system supported smart controls driven by analytics and artificial intelligence; 
• 
Boosting migration via middle office acting migration officer and SBU involvement with solid 
targets; 
• 
Designing leaner, intelligent processes leveraging on digital insights; and 
• 
Optimizing workforce management via outsourcing and choreography design for synchronization 
of demand and supply. 
Recently started programmes; 
• 
Fintech Company Programme intends to establish a financial technology (“Fintech”) subsidiary as a 
parent company for developing our own electronic currency stored on our banking computer systems (“e-
money”), and online and mobile payment services to provide a wider range of digital Fintech solutions. 
We aim to serve to expand our individual customer base by targeting unbanked and underserved 
populations. We aim to provide innovative solutions across all segments including micro, SME and even 
individual retail customers to accept mobile payments (as payments facilitator). It is expected that, the 
programme will start in December 2021, by collecting relevant information for the functions to be 
developed in the application passing the phase. We expect to complete the programme in 2023. 
• 
Open Banking Programme has two major goals. The primary goal is to cover the regulatory requirements 
established by the CBRT and the BRSA (the “Regulatory Goal”). A secondary goal is to address the 
business requirements which will be crucial for the traditional banks adopting to the open banking 
environment (the “Business Goal”). The programme started in January 2021 and (i) for the Regulatory 
Goal, software development is in progress with respect to the CBRT and expected to complete in the second 
quarter of 2022, while working groups at the BRSA are still finalizing the regulation required to proceed 
to software developments and (ii) for the Business Goal, business units have established a working group 
to develop a strategic roadmap and planning activities will be performed after such strategy is finalized.  
• 
The Customer Focus Programme aims to make the necessary arrangements to increase the Bank’s Net 
Promoter Score (“NPS”), a measurement of customer experience, and to increase customer loyalty.  Under 
the programme, we aim to establish healthy feedback loops to improve our NPS score.  We intent to 
establish a committee at the Bank to directly interact with customers in an “inner loop”, through for instance 
carefully designed questionnaires for customer feedback and monitoring of the level and frequency of 
customer interaction.  The committee will coordinate within the Bank to reach decisions based on customer 
feedback in order to address issues and concerns from customers in an “outer loop.” NPSs will be used to 
measure customer satisfaction and the impact of the feedback loop. In this way, we aim to identify the 
causes of customer dissatisfaction and begin effort to improve customer experience. The programme started 
in January 2021 and will continue until the end of 2023.

--- Page 233 ---
219 
 
 
• 
Collection Optimisation Programme was initiated in 2021 and we plan to complete the programme in 
November 2022.  The programme aims to:  
• 
Optimize human resources in collection operations with customers’ self service actions by 
increasing the use of digital channels; and 
• 
Optimize collection efficiency by increasing the collection amount for per agent with new support 
models and decrease total NPLs. 
• 
Analytic Enablement Programme was initiated in 2020 and we plan to complete the programme in 2022. 
We aim to design and implement a target operating model for an Analytics Center of Excellence, which is 
aimed at enabling of all critical domains. The approach covers: 
• 
Analytics organization and governance: Assess current Business Intelligence, Analytics and 
Artificial Intelligence organization and Governance Structure; 
• 
Analytics tools and technology, including deep dive in digital analytics and data architecture: 
Define to-be key functions on both analytics governance and analytics execution; and 
• 
Change management, data and analytics literacy: Review as-is operating model processes and 
roles. Define to be approach and transformation roadmap. 
• 
Responsible and Compliant Banking Programme aims to establish anomaly detection mechanisms for 
existing products and centrally manage document controls for all channels through the reorganization and 
implementation of the new product and service development cycle. The programme started in January 
2021, and we aim to complete the programme in July 2022. 
• 
Commercial Digitalization Programme aims to diversify the channels that the corporate customers use, 
to facilitate self-service product sales, to increase access to digital channels and product sales through 
digital channels and to develop remote service models. The programme started in November 2020 and will 
continue until the end of 2023. 
• 
Digital Onboarding Programme (the “DOB”) aims to complete the end-to-end digital customer 
acquisition by arranging the existing digital onboarding process within the framework of new regulations, 
to design a customizable structure for product sales, and to start the acquistion of merchants (as individuals) 
and sole proprietorships (what we refer to as "205 type customers”). The programme started in January 
2021, and we aim to complete the programme in September 2022. 
• 
Next Generation Banking Architecture Programme has two major goals for the bank. The primary goal 
is to increase scalability and availability of online banking applications with on-premises cloud. A 
secondary goal is to convert applications to modular micro-services architecture(Application 
Modernization). The programme started in June 2020 and is expected to complete in the fourth quarter of 
2024. Currently 99% of ADC channel transactions are performed through cloud based infrastructures. For 
application modernization workstream, 36 applications have been transformed to micro-services 
architecture and 220 more applications will be modularized until the fourth quarter of 2022.  
• 
Conversion Design Programme aims to increase the sales made through digital channels, to maximize 
the efficiency of digital sales actions, and to present the right offer to the right customer in digital channels 
with the best experience in real time. The programme started in 2021, and we aim to complete the 
programme in 2023. 
• 
Insurance Programme aims to create a difference in the sector by increasing the diversity of 
bancassurance products through digital investments, to establish processes that are complete in terms of 
legislation and with defined control points, to make sales screens simple and user friendly. As a result of 
these improvements, we aim to increase commission income and penetration rate.  The programme started 
in November 2020 and will continue until the second quarter of 2023.  
• 
Payment Programme focuses on solutions that will provide a wide range of payment options, and 
channels to our customers, which will provide cash flow, increase customer satisfaction and number of 
new customers. The programme started at the beginning of 2021 and will be completed at the end of 2022.

--- Page 234 ---
220 
 
 
• 
Salary Programme  aims to increase the number of salary and pension banking customers with 
contribution of digital channels, to improve the offer processes of companies through the development of 
models used in new companies and renewals, and to increase customer satisfaction and income through 
customized campaigns on company and customer basis. The programme started in January 2021, and will 
be completed in May 2022. 
Property 
The Group owns or leases premises for its head office, branches and operations centres. As of 30 September 
2021, the Group’s fixed assets (comprising land, land improvements, buildings, computer hardware and other 
fixed assets) had a total net book value of TL 4,653,493 thousand (U.S.$ 526,217 thousand) or 0.79% of the 
Bank’s total assets. The Group owns its headquarters buildings in Istanbul and its operations centre in Gebze. 
As of 30 September 2021, the Bank owned approximately 18.7% of its branches and the rest were leased. 
Insurance 
The Group maintains insurance policies with levels of coverage it deems necessary given the nature of its 
business. The Group’s fixed assets, cash in transit and cash in hand are covered by general insurance 
arrangements covering normal risks. The Bank generally requires that real property assets owned by borrowers 
which form part of the collateral for loans the Bank makes are insured. The Bank does not have any credit risk 
insurance in relation to defaults by its customers as this type of insurance is generally not available in Turkey. 
The Group maintains insurance on its properties, including its head office and branches and personal property, 
with respect to such risks, including earthquakes and terrorist attacks, and in such amounts as the Group deems 
appropriate. 
Legal Proceedings 
From time to time, in the ordinary course of its business, the Group is party to legal proceedings, both as a 
plaintiff and a defendant. There are no legal proceedings pending, or to the Group’s knowledge threatened, that 
may materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. As of 
30 September 2021, the Group recognised a provision of TL 153,332 million in respect of legal proceedings. 
On 12 December 2019, the Ministry of Treasury and Finance Insurance General Directorate imposed an 
administrative penalty on the Bank for violations of Article 32 of the Insurance Law No. 5684 and other relevant 
legislative provisions. According to the first paragraph of Article 24 of the Regulation on Insurance Agencies, 
the Bank was warned that its insurance brokerage activity may be temporarily suspended for up to six months. 
Following an evaluation of the Bank’s public disclosures of the subject within the framework of article 29 of 
the regulations on the principles and procedures of the insurance and private pension sectors regarding 
supervision and control, an administrative penalty of TL 187,104,850 was imposed on the Bank on 24 January 
2020. An administrative penalty of TL 140,328,638 was paid on 6 February 2020 in accordance with Article 
17/6 of the Misdemeanours Law No. 5326, by using the 25% advance payment discount.

--- Page 235 ---
221 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Internal Audit Department 
The Bank’s internal audit department reports to the Audit Committee and utilises a risk-oriented approach to 
assess credit risk, operational and IT risk, and market risk, including within the Bank’s subsidiaries. The 
department also performs investigations. The Retail Branches are audited based on the analysis of risk 
indicators, with between a one- and four-year audit cycle of the retail branches based on the risk classifications. 
Moreover, the risk trends of each branch are monitored quarterly through key risk indicators. A 12-month audit 
cycle is applied to the Corporate, Commercial and Private Banking branches. The Head Office departments are 
audited based on the risk assessments, whilst also considering the requests of shareholders, governing bodies, 
top management and regulators. The audit period for the Head Office departments may vary from between one 
to five years in accordance with the results of the risk assessments. Regular branch and process audits are 
scheduled based on an annual audit plan which is submitted to the Board of Directors for approval. In addition, 
significant internal audit results are submitted to the Board of Directors at least four times a year through the 
Audit Committee. 
In addition, the BRSA requires a “Management Assertion” study of Banking processes and IT systems to be 
completed by the Internal Audit Department annually. The Management Assertion study was completed as of 
31 December 2019 and the Board of Directors was informed of the results.  
 
Risk Management Department 
The Bank’s risk management department functions independently from its commercial operations. With the 
Credit Committee and the Asset and Liability Management function of the Executive Committee, the Risk 
Management department is an integral part of ensuring the Bank’s compliance with the Banking Law, with 
respect to measuring, monitoring and managing the credit market and operational risks concerning the Bank’s 
portfolio. 
The basic functions of the Risk Management department are to measure and manage risks in a manner consistent 
with the Bank’s risk appetite. The department is also responsible for: (a) maximising returns on invested capital 
and maintaining sustainable profit growth, (b) monitoring trends in risk exposures and communicating 
irregularities to senior management, (c) monitoring asset and liability profiles to allow the Bank to take 
rebalancing actions on a timely basis, (d) defining the risk structures of products, processes and services, 
(e) measuring the credit risk of the Bank’s portfolio via rating models, and (f) ensuring the Bank’s compliance 
with the Banking Law. 
As of 30 September 2021, the risk management department had 101 employees. The main organisational 
segments of the department are Credit Risk Strategy, Modelling and Reporting, Risk Validation and Market 
Risk Management.  
Strategic Risk Control  
Risk control involves the following key roles and responsibilities in the Bank: (a) defining the optimum 
composition of the overall loan portfolio and identifying risk positions within legal and Group limitations, 
(b) preparing credit risk budget in line with the Bank’s risk appetite and lending targets, (c) monitoring the 
evolution of credit risk for all segments (including by industry, type and sector), (d) preparing and presenting 
strategic credit risk related reports to the senior management (including the evolution of loan provisioning and 
comparison with peer banks), (e) calculating cost of risk and related provisions by segments to assess the 
underlying risk of the loan portfolio and maintain asset quality, (f) preparing ICAAP, stress test and RRP, and 
(g) providing support to the Bank’s subsidiaries whilst simultaneously coordinating their functions, with the 
aim of achieving loan portfolio with the best credit-worthiness possible as well as ensuring the proper 
implementation of their credit, credit risk cost and budgeting processes. This includes the preparation of action 
plans for such subsidiaries in order to align implementation processes across the Group. 
The operational side of the Risk Management department encompasses responsibility for the following tasks: 
(a) defining the Group’s operational risk policy covering IT risks, (b) issuing guidelines for the measuring, 
evaluation and management of operational risks and IT risks, and ensuring correct implementation both at Bank 
and subsidiary levels, (c) developing and regularly updating the operational risk measuring and monitoring

--- Page 236 ---
222 
 
 
systems and models at Group level, (d) measuring and monitoring operational risks and IT risks at Group level, 
(e) carrying out “second level controls” for operational risks and IT risks at Group level, (f) ensuring compliance 
with Basel II in the area of operational risk, (g) managing the Business Continuity Plan of the Bank with 
particular responsibility for assuring the establishment and maintenance of the plan, and controlling and 
coordinating the various entities involved in the process, (h) preparing action plans for operational risk 
mitigation and coordinating the implementation of such plans, (i) taking into account the significance of 
reputational risk and consequently setting and ensuring implementation of policies and strategies, which are 
assessed, quantified and managed with the overall intention of minimising such complications, and (j) 
establishing and reviewing the support services risk management programme and giving risk opinion for support 
service procurement requests. 
Credit Risk Management 
The credit risk management department coordinates the following: (a) measuring the credit risk of portfolios by 
developing PD (Probability of Default), EAD (Exposure at Default) and LGD (Loss Given Default) models, 
which are used to compute the EL (Expected Loss) of a subject if it were to default, (b) defining the business 
specifications of all information technology tools used throughout the credit processes and the information 
technology systems where information about credit risk is kept (e.g. limits, risks, collaterals, credit risk 
datamarts in the DataWarehouse), (c) evaluating new credit products and changes to existing credit products, 
(d) leading credit risk related Basel IRB preparations at a Group level in anticipation of approaches by the 
BRSA, (e) validating and monitoring the rating/scoring systems used by the Bank in daily business process, (f) 
establishing, monitoring and coordinating studies related to Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process and 
economic capital calculations, (g) managing and monitoring rule sets used in retail portfolios for underwriting, 
monitoring and collection purposes, and (h) making economic calculations for the credit portfolio. 
Lending Policy 
Lending Limits 
The BRSA defines large exposure as an exposure exceeding 10% of the Bank’s capital base in light of BRSA 
credit conversion factors. The Bank’s total exposure to a single company or group cannot exceed 25% of the 
Bank’s capital base. Total exposure to a risk group (comprised of Koç Holding and UniCredit S.p.A.) cannot 
exceed 20% of the Bank’s capital base. The total of the Bank’s large exposures cannot exceed the Bank’s capital 
base by more than eight times. To date, the Bank has never exceeded these ratios. Further description of the 
applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Lending Limits” in this Base 
Prospectus. 
According to the Bank’s credit policy each individual sector should not exceed a targeted level of 10% of total 
loan portfolio. Currently, the only industrial sectors that exceed this internal limitation are the energy sector and 
the construction sector (including infrastructure, real estate and construction), including non-cash lending. These 
sectors also include various sub sectors, such as the commercial real estate finance sub sector, as well as various 
loan types, such as project finance loans that are supported by legal commitments and collateral from the 
treasury and public institutions, which sub subsectors and loan types constitute a significant share of these 
sectors. 
Limit Structure 
Since 2015, in respect of corporate and commercial clients, the Bank’s credit underwriting divides commercial 
credit products into five risk categories: cash, payment guarantee, other non-cash, cash management and 
derivative. 
Approval Authorities 
In general, the lowest level of authoritative personnel for credit approval is the branch manager for corporate 
and commercial loans. Up to certain thresholds, there is no involvement of credit departments at either branch 
or regional level. 
For corporate and commercial banking, at the level of the Regional Manager and above, the credit department 
will be involved and their credit opinion will be binding. If a credit opinion is negative, the credit proposal may 
either be passed onto a higher authority or be rejected.

--- Page 237 ---
223 
 
 
The corporate and commercial banking credit department is authorised to approve loans above U.S.$250,000 or 
above the adjusted limit (after taking rating and product coefficients into account capped with a nominal limit 
of U.S.$500,000). There is no sales authority for SME and Medium Enterprises (“ME”) customers. 
There is no sales authority for business banking and SME/ME underwriting. The business banking credit 
underwriting department has authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those which are automated. The 
Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to TL 200,000. For all other loans, the 
underwriting policy is applied. 
For the SME, ME, commercial and international and multinational banking customers, the corporate & 
commercial credit underwriting department is organised into twenty-two regions (eight in Istanbul and fourteen 
in Anatolia) and in the Bank’s head office. The rating system, as well as the results from internal and external 
inquiries, are among the major parameters for credit decisions in underwriting. Relevant external and internal 
information is gathered and fed into the underwriting tools automatically. New and existing clients with bad 
ratings are rejected automatically for SME customers whereas clients with ratings that meet certain thresholds 
are approved automatically by the system in SME and ME segements. There is no automatic approval or 
rejection for corporate & commercial customers. 
Higher Credit and/or Reputation Risk Loans 
Certain types of transactions entail a higher credit and/or reputation risk for the Bank and are therefore either 
discouraged or require a higher level of approval. The Bank applies higher levels of approval and a prudent 
approach towards loans in other sectors, such as media, health and arms and weapons dealings. 
Corporate and Commercial Lending 
Corporate and commercial underwriting is performed by three units: the corporate credit underwriting section, 
the commercial credit underwriting section and the specialised credit underwriting section. Corporate and 
commercial customers are segmented mainly by the value of their annual turnover. Commercial customers are 
companies with an annual turnover of between TL 25 million to TL 500 million, while corporate customers are 
companies with an annual turnover of more than TL 500 million. Companies with turnover of less than TL 25 
million are considered to be part of the Bank’s SME segment. The commercial credit underwriting section has 
both regional and head office organisation. There are twenty-two underwriting regions (eight in Istanbul and 
fourteen in Anatolia) in addition to the Bank’s head office. The specialised credit and corporate credit teams are 
located in the head office. The specialised credit team analyses the credit requests for energy (hydro, wind, solar, 
thermal, biomass, distribution etc.), real estate (shopping centres or mixed type projects), shipping (ship 
construction and ship operation) and mergers and acquisitions. 
SME and ME lending is performed within the corporate & commercial credit department. The SME and ME 
segments consists of companies having turnover between U.S.$200,000 to U.S.$3.2 million and total bank 
exposure between U.S.$60,000 and U.S.$1.2 million.  
Retail Lending 
Retail underwriting utilises scorecards, decision trees and rule sets to evaluate the creditworthiness of 
applications. Once the data entry for credit card and individual loan applications is performed, inquiries to 
external sources (including the credit bureau and the Central Bank) and internal data sources (including 
customer information file and product performance) are run. Retail application scores are calculated through a 
computerised system. Once the inquiries are completed, the data is sent to the decision engine, where decision 
trees, data methods, and rule sets are checked and the final decision is provided. Loan to value ratios are up to 
80% for residential mortgage loans, 50% for working premises loans and 70% for car loans with a vehicle value 
of up to TL 100,000. If the invoice amount is greater than TL 120,000, the loan to value ratios are up to 70% 
for the amount up to TL 120,000 and up to 50% for the remainder.  
Credit card limits are calculated as twice the monthly net income of the customer for the first year. For the 
second and subsequent years, credit limits are calculated as four times the monthly net income of the customer. 
The Bank’s system is fully automated for business banking underwriting up to TL 200,000. For all other loans 
about which the system cannot make a credit decision, the underwriting policy is applied.

--- Page 238 ---
224 
 
 
There is no sales authority for business banking. The business banking credit underwriting department has 
authority and evaluates all credit decisions except those which are automated.  
Rating Models 
For corporate and commercial clients, internal application rating models integrated within the underwriting 
process assign a probability of default to each borrower. The model is composed of various customer segments, 
including construction, production, trade, and services, as well as modules that encompass information domains. 
These domains include central bank data, balance sheet data, negative intelligence data, and Yapı Kredi 
behaviour data (including information on limit/risk utilization and delinquency statistics). The categories stated 
above involve the quantitative side of the model; however, a module for the qualitative portion of assessment is 
also used.  
Though independently rated, all four segments have been unified to establish a single rating system consisting 
of 16 different ratings.  
The behavioural scorecards are rating models that are aimed at measuring the creditworthiness of existing 
clients. The behavioural scorecard for corporate and commercial clients was updated in January 2018. The 
model has the same structure (segments and module) as the application model.  
For SME portfolios, the behavioral rating model was updated in January 2018 with the introduction of two sub-
models assigned to each of the segments described below. The rating model for clients belonging to the “Big” 
segment has 11 buckets while the model for clients belonging to the “Small” segment has 16 buckets. 
The outcomes of rating models reflect the riskiness of each rated customer/credit, and generic provisions are set 
aside in accordance with each performing client’s/credit’s rating. These differentiated evaluation methodologies 
and processes are based on market segments and give the Bank the ability to measure, manage and monitor 
credit risk in a more accurate way. 
Loan Loss Provisioning Policy 
For purposes of loss provisioning the loans are divided into five groups. 
• 
1st group: Includes standard loans and other receivables, reimbursement of which has been made within 
the specified periods or for which no reimbursement problems are expected in the future, and which can 
be fully collected. No deterioration in the credit risk of the debtor has been observed. 
• 
2nd group: Includes closely monitored loans and other receivables with respect to which there is no 
problem at present but which the Bank believes should be more closely monitored for reasons such as 
decreasing solvency or cash flow problems of the debtor, significant financial risk carried by the debtor, 
or more generally for which capital sum and interest repayments are likely to fail and the persistence of 
such problems might result in partial or full non-payment risk. 
• 
3rd group: Includes loans and other receivables with limited collection ability. These include loans with 
respect to which the collection of the principal sum and/or interest has been delayed for more than 
90 days but less than 180 days from the due date. 
• 
4th group: Includes doubtful loans and other receivables with respect to which the collection of the 
principal and/or interest has been delayed for more than 180 days but less than one year from the due 
date. 
• 
5th group: Includes loans and other receivables, which are considered as a loss. These include loans that 
are deemed to be uncollectable, or where collection of principal and/or interest has been delayed by one 
year or more from the due date. 
Starting from 1 January 2018, the Bank’s classification of financial assets (especially in loans and receviables) 
and calculation of provisions changed according to TFRS 9.  
In accordance with TFRS 9, the Bank’s loan loss provisioning policy was replaced by the expected credit loss 
(“ECL”) model. ECL estimates are required to be unbiased, probability-weighted, and should include 
supportable information about past events, current conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions. The

--- Page 239 ---
225 
 
 
ECL should reflect multiple macroeconomic scenarios and include the time value of money. The ECL model 
applies to all on-balance financial assets accounted for at amortized cost and fair value through other 
comprehensinve income (“FVOCI”) such as loans and debt securities, as well as to off-balance items such as 
certain loan commitments, financial guarantees, and undrawn revolving credit facilities. 
 
These financial assets are divided into three categories depending on the gradual increase in credit risk observed 
since their initial recognition. Impairment shall be recognized on outstanding amounts in each category, as 
follows: 
 
• 
Stage 1: For financial assets at initial recognition or which do not have a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition. Impairment for credit risk is recorded on the basis of 12-month expected 
credit losses. 
• 
Stage 2: In the event of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the financial asset 
will be transferred to this category. Impairment for credit risk will be determined on the basis of the 
instrument’s lifetime expected credit losses. 
• 
Stage 3: Includes financial assets which have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date. 
For these assets, lifetime ECLs are recognized and interest revenue is calculated on the net carrying 
amount. 
Exposure to Credit Risk 
The top 20 clients of the Bank mainly include leading conglomerates and state owned enterprises in Turkey. As 
of 30 September 2021 the share of the top 20 companies in terms of the total gross loans to companies amounted 
to 13%. The Bank has not experienced any deterioration in the credit quality of these clients.  
Market Risk  
As part of a financial group, the Bank is constantly exposed to interest rate, liquidity and foreign exchange risks. 
The Bank’s market risk policy provides for guidelines with respect to the market risk management and binding 
limit structure and defines roles and responsibilities of the various teams involved. Market risk is managed based 
on the treatment of the Bank’s banking and trading books. The banking book consists of all assets and liabilities 
arising from commercial activities, and is sensitive to interest rate and foreign exchange movements. The trading 
book includes positions held for trading, client servicing purposes or keeping the Bank’s market making status. 
The Bank’s trading activity is realised on foreign exchange, securities and derivatives, which are tolerated within 
predefined limits. Risk limits are set in terms of end-of-day and intra-day position basis, as well as VaR 
monitored on a daily basis. Monitoring of trading activity is performed daily through reports prepared by the 
market Risk Management department, which show VaR positions and stop-loss limits, in addition to 
back-testing profit and loss figures. These reports are then sent to the Bank’s executive management and the 
Treasury department.  
The banking book’s interest rate risk is measured daily on basis point sensitivity and monthly through the 
economic value perspective. The economic value sensitivity method calculates the potential change in fair value 
of the Bank’s interest rate positions resulting from a parallel upward or downward shift of the yield curve. This 
interest rate fluctuation is to be maintained within 20% of the Bank’s shareholders equity. Interest rate swaps 
are utilised to mitigate the banking book interest rate risk resulting from the maturity mismatch. Besides 
Economic Value Sensitivity, an overall VaR, covering all on and off balance sheet items and Basis Point Value 
methods are used to measure the structural interest rate risk. Structural foreign exchange position risk limits and 
VaR are also monitored daily and reported to the executive management. 
The Bank monitors liquidity risk daily, paying particular attention to keeping enough cash and cash equivalent 
instruments to fund increases in assets, unexpected decreases in liabilities, as well as meeting legal requirements, 
while optimising the cost of carrying any excess liquidity. The liquidity policy provides guidelines to quantify 
the liquidity position and achieve a sound balance between profitability and liquidity needs. Liquidity risk limits 
are set both for short term and structural long term liquidity positions. The Bank has its own liquidity 
contingency plan on liquidity management. Moreover, the Bank maintains the majority of its securities portfolio 
as marketable, thus facilitating access to repo market as and when short liquidity is needed.

--- Page 240 ---
226 
 
 
The Bank’s derivative instruments are limited to financial instruments such as forwards, swaps, futures and 
options in foreign exchange and capital markets. These transactions are considered effective economic hedges 
under the Group’s management policies. 
As part of its market risk management, the Bank undertakes various hedging strategies. The Bank also enters 
into interest rate swaps to match the interest rate risk associated with the fixed rate long-term loans.

--- Page 241 ---
227 
 
 
Fair value hedges 
Since 1 March 2009, the Bank has hedged the possible fair value effects of changes in market interest rates on 
part of its fixed interest Turkish Lira mortgage and car loan portfolios, as well as changes in foreign exchange 
rates on part of its foreign currency borrowed denominated funds, using cross currency rate swaps, The net 
carrying value of hedging instruments as of 30 September 2021 amounted to liabilities of TL 610,127  thousand 
compared with assets of TL 620,019  thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 316,376 thousand as of 31 
December 2019 and TL 313,994 thousand as of 31 December 2018, As of 30 September 2021, the mark to 
market difference of the hedging instruments since the inception date of the hedge relationship was a loss of TL 
7,018  thousand compared with a loss of TL 22,056  thousand as of 31 December 2020, a loss of TL 19,636 
thousand as of 31 December 2019 and a gain of TL 20,740 thousand as of 31 December 2018, As of 30 
September 2021, the fair value difference of the hedged item was TL 9,491  thousand compared with TL 2,473  
thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 24,529 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 44,165 thousand as of 
31 December 2018,  
Their changes in fair value amounted to a decrease of TL 7,018 thousand as of 30 September 2021, a decrease 
of TL 22,056 thousand as of 31 December 2020, a decrease of TL 19,636 thousand as of 31 December 2019 
and a decrease of TL 20,740 thousand as of 31 December 2018, 
Cash flow hedges 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in future interest cash flows on non-trading assets and liabilities which 
bear interest at a variable rate. The Group uses interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges to guard against these 
interest rate risks. 
In order to hedge its cash flow risk from liabilities, the Group has applied cash flow hedge accounting since 
1 January 2010. 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, gains 
of TL 199,475 thousand, TL 211,163  thousand, TL 422,890 thousand and TL 41,508 thousand, respectively, 
were recognised in the statement of income due to the ineffectiveness of cash flow hedges, 
As of the 30 September 2021 and the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, net gains and losses 
arising from cash flow hedges recognised under equity, net of reclassification to statement of income and net of 
tax, were TL 1,689,047 thousand, TL 485,963 thousand, TL (3,206,096) thousand and TL 906,613 thousand 
respectively, 
Net investment hedges 
The Group hedges part of the currency translation risk of net investments in foreign operations through currency 
borrowings. 
The Group’s euro denominated borrowing is designated as a hedge of the net investment in certain of the 
Group’s euro denominated subsidiaries. The total amount of borrowing designated as a hedge of the net 
investment as of 30 September 2021 was €488 million compared to €471 million as of 31 December 2020, €452 
million as of 31 December 2019 and €430 million as of 31 December 2018. 
Stress tests 
Stress tests provide an indication of the potential size of the losses that could arise in extreme conditions. The 
stress tests carried out by risk management, also indicated in the market risk policy of the Group, include foreign 
exchange and interest rate stress testing, where stress movements are applied to the foreign exchange position 
and to the banking book. The results of the stress tests are reviewed by the Asset and Liability Management 
function within the Executive Committee. Following the implementation of the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process by the local regulator in Turkey, the Bank also calculates bank-wide stress tests. 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange exposure is the result of the mismatch of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities 
(including foreign currency indexed ones) together with exposures resulting from off-balance sheet foreign 
exchange derivative instruments. The Group takes on exposure to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing

--- Page 242 ---
228 
 
 
foreign currency exchange rates on its financial position and cash flows. The limits are set by the Board on the 
level of exposure in aggregate for both overnight and intra-day positions, which are monitored on a daily basis. 
The Bank performs periodic stress tests on foreign currency VaR by implementing different scenarios. These 
stress test scenarios are periodically renewed and monitored in accordance with market volatility. 
Interest rate risk 
Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to 
changes in market interest rates. Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument 
will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates. The Group is exposed to the effects of fluctuation in the 
prevailing levels of market interest rates in both its fair value and cash flow risks. Interest rate risk limits are set 
in terms of a total economic value sensitivity limit. Legal interest rate risk in the banking book is performed 
according to a scenario of 4% shift in Turkish Lira yield curve and 2% shift in foreign exchange yield curve. 
The resulting profit/loss should not exceed 20% of the Bank’s Capital. Moreover, the BPV is applied for the 
banking book. The BPV limit restricts maximum interest rate risk position by currency and time buckets with 
valuation changes being based on an interest rate change of 0.01%. 
In 2009 the Bank started to hedge a portion of its interest rate risk between its medium- and long-term fixed rate 
Turkish Lira loans (such as mortgages) and its Turkish Lira deposits, which have a relatively short maturity 
when compared to the Bank’s assets. The Bank hedged this exposure by creating fixed rate medium/long-term 
Turkish Lira funding via cross currency interest rate swap contracts (U.S. dollars against Turkish Lira) and 
interest rate swaps. 
The tables below set out the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk as of 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 in TL thousands. The tables include the Group’s assets and liabilities in carrying amounts 
classified in terms of periods remaining to contractual repricing dates. 
 
As of 30 September 2021 
 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey .........  
36,079,145 
                     -  
                    -  
                    -  
                   -  
37,585,833 
73,664,978 
Banks ...............................................................  
7,330,307 
3,249,134 
1,886,977 
 -  
 -  
13,850,444 
26,316,862 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss .........................................................  
-  
4,115 
9,734 
80,420 
110,873 
436,966 
642,108 
Receivables from money markets  ...................  
2,084 
                    -  
                  -  
                   -  
                    -  
                     -  
2,084 
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive income 
statement ..........................................................  
4,172,417 
5,492,179 
11,968,685 
5,076,555 
1,710,114 
89,035 
28,508,985 
Loans ................................................................  
52,864,628 
50,198,062 
120,566,234 
109,260,619 
20,146,000 
(7,437,086) 
345,598,457 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost....  
3,030,471 
10,954,439 
26,921,907 
7,765,642 
25,799,949 
 -  
74,472,408 
Other assets ......................................................  
1,093,193  
2,985,945  
1,663,639  
2,479,251  
153,929  
33,661,383  
42,037,340  
Total assets ......................................................  
104,572,245  
72,883,874  
163,017,176  
124,662,487  
47,920,865  
78,186,575  
591,243,222  
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits ...................................................  
5,580,246  
19,729  
 -  
 -  
 -  
1,402,248  
7,002,223  
Other deposits ..................................................  
147,386,794  
39,519,841  
7,656,327  
1,992,254  
200,934  
121,025,325  
317,781,475  
Funds from money market ...............................  
41,399,412  
838,885  
2,330,292  
 -  
 -  
 -  
44,568,589  
Miscellaneous payables ...................................  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
20,654,007  
20,654,007  
Marketable securities issued ............................  
7,851,145  
11,918,317  
10,094,750  
 -  
 -  
 -  
29,864,212  
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ........................................................  
4,718,903  
27,390,225  
11,096,321  
6,599,648  
2,263,933  
 -  
52,069,030  
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ........  
1,919,918  
15,181,826  
855,690  
29,604,948  
2,390,678  
69,350,626  
119,303,686  
Total liabilities ................................................  
208,856,418  
94,868,823  
32,033,380  
38,196,850  
4,855,545  
212,432,206  
591,243,222  
Balance sheet long position ...........................  
 -  
 -  
130,983,796  
86,465,637  
43,065,320  
 -  
260,514,753 
Balance sheet short position ..........................  
(104,284,173) 
(21,984,949) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
(134,245,631) 
(260,514,753) 
Off-balance sheet long position .......................  
13,532,435 
32,993,186 
- 
- 
- 
- 
46,525,621 
Off-balance sheet short position ......................  
- 
- 
(6,644,462) 
(36,247,133) 
(3,852,103) 
- 
(46,743,698) 
Total position ..................................................  
(90,751,738) 
11,008,237  
124,339,334  
50,218,504  
39,213,217  
(134,245,631) 
(218,077)

--- Page 243 ---
229 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 
months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey .... 
28,859,366  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
28,823,188  
57,682,554  
Banks ................................................................ 
5,638,767 
841,463 
1,657,732 
 -  
 -  
8,348,012 
16,485,974 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss .................................................... 
83  
1,135  
737  
60,955  
212,848  
401,007  
676,765  
Money market placements ................................ 
1,700,842  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
1,700,842  
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive 
income ......................................................... 
2,867,745  
6,367,625  
8,600,443  
5,169,968  
2,006,501  
88,278  
25,100,560  
Loans ................................................................ 
39,183,591  
41,780,555  
102,384,745  
97,513,234  
16,746,371  
(5,137,509) 
292,470,987  
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .... 
12,386,591  
7,883,755  
8,203,299  
6,837,645  
17,716,934  
 -  
53,028,224  
Other assets ....................................................... 
1,052,295  
1,892,402  
1,959,220  
1,747,138  
148,102  
32,544,616  
39,343,773  
Total assets ...................................................... 
91,689,280 
58,766,935 
122,806,176 
111,328,940 
36,830,756 
65,067,592 
486,489,679 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits .................................................... 
4,448,885 
14,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
620,351 
5,083,262  
Other deposits ................................................... 
120,100,580 
34,156,234 
8,528,293  
1,900,154  
230,816  
94,410,929  
259,327,006  
Funds from money market ............................... 
27,356,303  
426,831  
1,638,612  
938,918  
 -  
 -  
30,360,664  
Miscellaneous payables .................................... 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
15,463,400  
15,463,400  
Marketable securities issued ............................. 
2,862,929  
13,734,309  
7,947,221  
81,741  
2,161  
 -  
24,628,361  
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ................................................... 
5,216,629  
25,916,665  
9,851,274  
4,003,829  
1,436,296  
 -  
46,424,693  
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ......... 
2,785,990  
18,393,912  
1,565,287  
22,437,746  
1,701,221  
58,318,137  
105,202,293  
Total liabilities ................................................ 
162,771,316  
92,641,977  
29,530,687  
29,362,388  
3,370,494  
168,812,817  
486,489,679  
Balance sheet long position ............................ 
- 
- 
93,275,489  
81,966,552  
33,460,262  
- 
208,702,303 
Balance sheet short position .......................... 
(71,082,036) 
(33,875,042) 
- 
- 
- 
(103,745,225) 
(208,702,303) 
Off-balance sheet long position ........................ 
16,497,448 
34,677,772 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,175,220 
Off-balance sheet short position ....................... 
- 
- 
(8,822,361) 
(41,092,523) 
(2,881,999) 
- 
(52,796,883) 
Total position .................................................. 
(54,584,588) 
802,730  
84,453,128  
40,874,029  
30,578,263  
(103,745,225) 
(1,621,663) 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 
months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey .... 
19,217,128 
— 
— 
— 
— 
24,268,802 
43,485,930 
Banks ................................................................ 
11,976,949 
1,489,545 
801,074 
64,231 
— 
12,879,989 
27,211,788 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss .................................................... 
— 
162 
4,536 
13,874 
75,296 
479,329 
573,197 
Money market placements ................................ 
10,803,630 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
10,803,630 
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive 
income ......................................................... 
2,795,718 
5,877,816 
9,044,577 
6,900,060 
2,202,096 
80,345 
26,900,612 
Loans ................................................................ 
34,443,764 
32,068,141 
76,404,792 
86,334,621 
14,039,572 
1,189,720 
244,480,610 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .... 
6,066,570 
3,938,811 
5,053,572 
3,709,314 
10,839,870 
- 
29,608,137 
Other assets ....................................................... 
953,026 
1,413,564 
1,165,593 
1,238,766 
308,582 
23,051,585 
28,131,116 
Total assets ...................................................... 
86,256,785 
44,788,039 
92,474,144 
98,260,866 
27,465,416 
61,949,770 
411,195,020 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits .................................................... 
3,857,173 
49,427 
12,299 
— 
— 
1,138,876 
5,057,775 
Other deposits ................................................... 
134,497,570 
28,344,401 
8,846,851 
2,285,622 
272,471 
51,767,007 
226,013,922 
Funds from money market ............................... 
5,201,232 
317,793 
789,863 
— 
— 
- 
6,308,888 
Miscellaneous payables .................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
14,697,241 
14,697,241 
Marketable securities issued ............................. 
3,123,877 
13,806,731 
8,290,583 
— 
— 
— 
25,221,191 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ................................................... 
6,624,057 
19,373,853 
14,005,520 
3,711,567 
1,658,498 
— 
45,373,495 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ......... 
4,826,893 
13,827,593 
863,319 
14,687,916 
5,557,515 
48,759,272 
88,522,508 
Total liabilities ................................................ 
158,130,802 
75,719,798 
32,808,435 
20,685,105 
7,488,484 
116,362,396 
411,195,020 
Balance sheet long position ............................ 
— 
— 
59,665,709 
77,575,761 
19,976,932 
— 
157,218,402 
Balance sheet short position .......................... 
(71,874,017) 
(30,931,759) 
— 
— 
— 
(54,412,626) 
(157,218,402) 
Off-balance sheet long position ........................ 
14,532,346 
35,990,412 
— 
— 
— 
— 
50,522,758 
Off-balance sheet short position ....................... 
— 
— 
(5,150,258) 
(38,927,418) 
(5,444,707) 
— 
(49,522,383) 
Total position .................................................. 
(57,341,671) 
5,058,653 
54,515,451 
38,648,343 
14,532,225 
(54,412,626) 
1,000,375

--- Page 244 ---
230 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Up to 
1 month 
1 – 3 
months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Non-interest 
bearing 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash (cash in vault, effectives, cash in transit, 
cheque purchased) and balances with the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey .... 
26,927,180 
— 
— 
— 
— 
29,904,128 
56,831,308 
Banks ................................................................ 
1,054,624 
788,121 
1,506,119 
84,687 
— 
1,836,089 
5,269,640 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit/loss .................................................... 
— 
5 
937 
14,744 
52,657 
179,813 
248,156 
Money market placements ................................ 
12,318 
84,708 
20,205 
— 
— 
— 
117,231 
Financial assets whose fair value change is 
reflected in the other comprehensive 
income ......................................................... 
3,051,441 
5,368,953 
8,543,658 
6,677,678 
3,175,156 
66,794 
26,883,680 
Loans ................................................................ 
39,696,958 
34,672,686 
76,379,072 
73,130,920 
12,319,526 
(1,231,206) 
234,967,956 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost .... 
4,328,097 
2,591,160 
2,419,269 
3,586,492 
9,880,661 
— 
22,805,679 
Other assets ....................................................... 
1,077,966 
2,467,754 
1,782,536 
3,296,959 
489,372 
17,138,017 
26,252,604 
Total assets ...................................................... 
76,148,584 
45,973,387 
90,651,796 
86,791,480 
25,917,372 
47,893,635 
373,376,254 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits .................................................... 
8,826,637 
337,899 
230,691 
— 
— 
1,012,074 
10,407,301 
Other deposits ................................................... 
115,485,681 
36,179,812 
10,339,682 
2,577,490 
195,126 
35,106,381 
199,884,172 
Funds from money market ............................... 
2,093,895 
443,570 
982,748 
— 
— 
— 
3,520,213 
Miscellaneous payables .................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
14,662,414 
14,662,414 
Marketable securities issued ............................. 
680,654 
5,088,792 
3,257,971 
9,870,672 
2,544,114 
— 
21,442,203 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ................................................... 
9,335,403 
22,115,474 
7,032,452 
6,690,421 
1,898,252 
— 
47,072,002 
Other liabilities and shareholders’ equity ......... 
1,692,331 
17,375,026 
7,193,432 
1,938,715 
604,114 
47,584,331 
76,387,949 
Total liabilities ................................................ 
138,114,601 
81,540,573 
29,036,976 
21,077,298 
5,241,606 
98,365,200 
373,376,254 
Balance sheet long position ............................ 
— 
— 
61,614,820 
65,714,182 
20,675,766 
— 
148,004,768 
Balance sheet short position .......................... 
(61,966,017) 
(35,567,186) 
— 
— 
— 
(50,471,565) 
(148,004,768) 
Off-balance sheet long position ........................ 
13,237,750 
31,963,808 
— 
— 
— 
— 
45,201,558 
Off-balance sheet short position ....................... 
— 
— 
(3,722,500) 
(33,959,108) 
(7,726,791) 
— 
(45,408,399) 
Total position .................................................. 
(48,728,267) 
(3,603,378) 
57,892,320 
31,755,074 
12,948,975 
(50,471,565) 
(206,841) 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk arises from mismatches between maturities of assets and liabilities, which may result in the Bank 
being unable to meet its obligations in a timely manner. The Bank’s liquidity risk is managed as part of the asset 
and liability management strategy in accordance with the Bank’s market risk policies. In order to manage this 
risk, the Bank’s funding sources are diversified and the Bank believes that it holds sufficient cash and cash 
equivalents to fund its liabilities in the event such mismatches occur. During the monthly meetings of the Asset 
and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee, the liquidity position of the Group is 
evaluated and measures are implemented if necessary. 
The Bank uses the following definitions with respect to the components of liquidity risk: 
(a) 
Liquidity mismatch risk refers to the risk of non-conformity between the amounts and/or the maturities 
or cash inflows and cash outflows; 
(b) 
Liquidity contingency risk refers to the risk that future unexpected events could require a greater amount 
of liquidity than the amount estimated necessary by the Bank. This risk could arise as a result of events 
such as the failure by clients to reimburse loans, the need to finance new assets, difficulties in selling 
liquid assets or obtaining new financings in the event of a liquidity crisis; and 
(c) 
Market liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Bank may incur losses as a result of the sale of assets 
deemed to be liquid, or in extreme conditions is unable to liquidate such positions due to insufficient 
liquidity offered by the market or keeps the position that is too large when compared to market turnover. 
Reports on short-term liquidity positions and structural liquidity positions are prepared by the Bank’s risk 
management department. Short-term liquidity risk management focuses on events that can impact upon the 
Bank’s liquidity position from one day and up to three months. Structural liquidity positions focus on events 
effecting the Group’s long-term liquidity position. The primary objective is to maintain an adequate ratio 
between total liabilities and medium or long-term assets, with a view of avoiding pressures on short-term sources 
(both current and future), while optimising the cost of funding. 
According to the BRSA Communiqué on liquidity, banks have to meet 80% liquidity ratio of foreign currency 
assets/liabilities and 100% liquidity ratio of total assets/liabilities for weekly and monthly time brackets. The 
risk management department performs the calculation of the above-mentioned ratios on a daily basis and shares 
the results with the Treasury department and the Bank’s senior management. Further description of the

--- Page 245 ---
231 
 
 
applicable regulatory requirements is set out in “Turkish Regulatory Environment—Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement”. 
A significant portion of the Group’s funding base consists of deposits and funds borrowed. As of 30 September 
2021, deposits comprised 54.93% of the Bank’s total liabilities and, of all deposits, 98.97% had maturities of 
three months or less. As of 30 September 2021, loans comprised 58.45% of the Bank’s total assets and, of all 
loans and receivables, 25.04% had maturities of three months or less. 
The following tables set forth the Group’s breakdown of financial liabilities according to their remaining 
contractual maturities as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 in TL thousands: 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits .......................................................................  
219,763,891 
34,537,750 
8,692,009 
1,906,910 
230,820 
265,131,380 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions .......  
4,459,153 
3,991,324 
28,601,432 
9,087,537 
1,899,123 
48,038,569 
Funds from money market ..........................................  
27,491,897 
440,197 
1,647,841 
944,206 
— 
30,524,141 
Financial liabilities fair value tgrough profit and loss 
— 
213,567 
853,984 
9,173,905 
7,480,998 
17,722,454 
Subordinated loans ......................................................  
331,011 
256,087 
1,298,043 
23,108,191 
5,066,769 
30,060,101 
Marketable securities issued ........................................  
2,071,926 
2,204,731 
1,624,939 
19,352,017 
241,407 
25,495,020 
Total ............................................................................  
254,117,878 
41,643,656 
42,718,248 
63,572,766 
14,919,117 
416,971,665 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits .......................................................................... 
191,729,202 
28,743,361 
9,809,052 
2,306,455 
277,572 
232,865,642 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions .......... 
4,075,472 
3,038,931 
31,801,366 
8,328,092 
6,320,440 
53,564,301 
Funds from money market ............................................. 
5,209,797 
321,037 
794,202 
—  
—  
6,325,036 
Subordinated loans ......................................................... 
298,587 
208,129 
997,530 
19,510,304 
4,647,788 
25,662,338 
Marketable securities issued .......................................... 
3,317,098 
3,657,316 
2,469,354 
16,470,672 
621,668 
26,536,108 
Total ............................................................................... 
204,630,156 
35,968,774 
45,871,504 
46,615,523 
11,867,468 
344,953,425 
 
 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Demand and 
up to 1 month 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Above 5 years 
Total 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits .......................................................................... 
161,540,983 
37,838,275 
11,319,874 
2,595,039  
195,126 
213,489,297 
Funds borrowed from other financial institutions .......... 
5,082,465 
6,125,162 
24,127,513 
12,611,773 
6,752,919 
54,699,832 
Funds from money market ............................................. 
2,111,549 
446,183 
1,003,309 
— 
— 
3,561,041 
Subordinated loans ......................................................... 
— 
204,319 
622,570 
13,598,201 
3,189,421 
17,614,511 
Marketable securities issued .......................................... 
958,512 
2,495,592 
3,860,371 
13,298,497 
3,020,060 
23,633,032 
Total ............................................................................... 
169,693,509 
47,109,531 
40,933,637 
42,103,510 
13,157,526 
 312,997,713 
 
Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is related to losses which arise as a result of inadequate or ineffective internal processes, 
personnel or systems or due to external events. The operational risk management team monitors the Bank’s 
operational and reputational risk exposure in accordance with the Bank’s standards and policies, collects 
operational risk data in a web-based database, identifies risk indicators, conducts scenario analysis assessment, 
plans for business continuity management and assures the quality of data gathered in accordance with Basel II 
standards, proposes insurance hedging on operational risks, prepares risk mitigation plans and coordinates IT 
risk management activities. The operational risk management department performs second level controls, 
manages and measures the Bank’s operational risks. 
The Bank’s objective is to implement the advanced measurement approaches of Basel II and related 
measurement systems in operational risk management. As part of the Basel II operational risk project, the Bank 
has been collecting data on internal operational risk since 2004. Data on internal losses are collected from 
various departments and branches using wed-based systems. Scenario analysis studies for measuring and 
managing the impacts of unrealised potential operational risk have been performed since 2008. Key risk 
indicator analyses have been performed to monitor current and potential operational risk exposure of the Bank 
since 2007. A dedicated database was established for monitoring the trends of key risk indicators. Moreover, a 
risk based insurance management approach was used to seek to minimise main operational risks that the Bank

--- Page 246 ---
232 
 
 
is exposed to. These actions have resulted in minimising internet fraud, enhancing the effectiveness of the risk 
transfer mechanism and helped senior management to better understand and monitor the main risk factors 
associated with banking activities. Additionally, potential risk evaluations were made before launching new 
products and services and the findings were shared with related departments so that necessary measures could 
be taken. Besides, both for IT and logistics purposes, the business continuity management activities and 
investments were accomplished and necessary tests were performed. 
For regulatory and statutory capital adequacy ratio purposes, the Group calculated the amount subject to 
operational risk on a consolidated basis with the basic indicator method in accordance with Section 3 of 
“Regulation Regarding Measurement and Evaluation of Banks’ Capital Adequacy Ratio” published by the 
Official Gazette No. 29111 dated 6 September 2014, namely “The Calculation of the Amount Subject to 
Operational Risk”, based on the gross income of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018. As of 31 December 2020, the total amount subject to operational risk was calculated as TL 30,380,790 
thousand as of 31 December 2020, compared to TL 26,507,024 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and 
TL 20,973,958 thousand as of 31 December 2018.  
 
As of 31 December 2020, the amount of the related capital requirement was TL 2,430,463 thousand, compared 
to TL 2,120,562 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and TL 1,677,917 thousand as of 31 December 2018. 
 
Capital Management 
Banks in Turkey are required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines published by the BRSA. These capital 
adequacy guidelines are based on standards established by BIS. These guidelines require banks to maintain 
adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
In accordance with the guidelines, banks must maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of a minimum of 8%, Tier 
1 ratio of a minimum of 6% and CET 1 ratio of minimum of 4.5% By taking into account banks’ internal 
systems, assets and financial structure, the BRSA is authorised to (i) increase the minimum capital adequacy 
ratio, (ii) set different ratios for each bank, and (iii) determine a different calculation and submission period for 
capital adequacy ratio for each bank. If a bank’s capital adequacy ratio is below the ratio set by the BRSA, 
certain restrictions are imposed. 
The Bank and its individually regulated operations were in compliance with all of the above mentioned capital 
adequacy requirements as of 30 September 2021. 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 30 September 
2021 and 31 December 2020 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated:  
 
As of 30 
September 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Paid-up Capital ..................................................................................................................................................  
8,447,051 
8,447,051 
Share issue premiums ........................................................................................................................................  
556,937 
556,937 
Retained earnings ..............................................................................................................................................  
34,038,657 
29,459,139 
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the Turkish 
Accounting Standards ....................................................................................................................................  
7,417,230 
6,193,055 
Profit ..................................................................................................................................................................  
8,572,044 
6,719,472 
Net profit of the period .................................................................................................................................  
6,932,090 
5,079,518 
Profit of the previous years ..........................................................................................................................  
1,639,954 
1,639,954 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships and cannot 
be recognised within profit for the period .....................................................................................................  
14,779 
14,779 
Minority interest ................................................................................................................................................  
949 
807 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments .................................................................  
59,047,647 
51,391,240 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments 
 
 
Prudential valuation adjustments ......................................................................................................................  
68,082 
86,371 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed by the 
retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS ................................................  
3,270,211 
2,700,221 
Improvement costs for operating leasing ..........................................................................................................  
97,869 
113,341 
Goodwill (net of related tax liability) ...............................................................................................................  
979,493 
979,493 
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability) .......................................  
967,304 
931,053 
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences (net 
of related tax liability) ...................................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Cash-flow hedge reserve  ..................................................................................................................................  
635,165 
-

--- Page 247 ---
233 
 
 
 
As of 30 
September 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses .........................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Securitisation gain on sale .................................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities ..................................................  
- 
- 
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets ...........................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Investments in own shares ................................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law ...................................  
- 
- 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) 
- 
- 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the 
issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) .....................................................................................  
- 
- 
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold) ..............................................................................  
- 
- 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax 
liability) ..........................................................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ...............................................................................................................  
- 
- 
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank 
owns more than 10% of the issued share capital...........................................................................................  
- 
- 
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights .............................................................................  
- 
- 
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences ...............................  
- 
- 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ........................................  
- 
- 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
to cover deductions ........................................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1 ............................................................................  
6,018,124 
4,810,479 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ........................................................................................................  
53,029,523 
46,580,761 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
- 
- 
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue premiums  
- 
- 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA ..................  
5,748,145 
4,771,325 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ........................................  
- 
- 
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments 
5,748,145 
4,771,325 
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments ............................................................................................  
- 
- 
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments...........................................................................................  
- 
- 
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments ............................................................................  
- 
- 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold) ...........................................  
- 
- 
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope 
of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) .........................................................................  
- 
- 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ........................................  
- 
- 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the transition period 
- 
- 
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .....................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes 
of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ..................  
- 
- 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions .............  
- 
- 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital .........................................................................  
- 
- 
Total Additional Tier 1 capital ......................................................................................................................  
5,748,145 
4,771,325 
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 capital) .......  
58,777,668 
51,352,086 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency ................  
7,211,392 
6,980,701 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ........................................  
161,014 
322,028 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital .........................................................................................  
- 
- 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ................................  
- 
- 
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) .....................................................................  
2,662,070 
4,269,686 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments 
10,034,476 
11,572,415 
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments  
- 
- 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) ......................................................  
- 
- 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank's Tier 2 and components of equity issued by 
financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8 ....................................................................  
- 
141,561

--- Page 248 ---
234 
 
 
 
As of 30 
September 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-) ................................  
- 
- 
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-) ........................................................................  
- 
- 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ........................................  
- 
- 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital ............................................................................................  
- 
141,561 
Total Tier 2 capital ..........................................................................................................................................  
10,034,476 
11,430,854 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) .....................................................................  
68,751,080 
62,740,741 
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital) ..................................................................  
 
 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law .................................  
8,259 
5,591 
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in the Article 57, Clause 1 
of the Banking Law and the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and held for Sale but 
Retained more than Five Years (2)…………………………………… .........................................................  
- 
- 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA……………………… 
52,805 
36,608 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the transition period 
 
 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) which will not 
deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes 
of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ..........  
- 
- 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions 
(amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional 
Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .....................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside 
the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount above 10% threshold), 
mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred tax assets arising from temporary 
differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .....................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Own Funds 
- 
- 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) .....................................................................  
68,638,108 
62,571,136 
Total Risk Weighted Assets ............................................................................................................................  
415,044,782 
362,826,562 
Capital Adequacy Ratios ................................................................................................................................  
 
 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) .............................................................  
12,78 
12,84 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) .........................................................................................  
14,16 
14,15 
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%)(3) ....................................................................................................  
16,54 
17,25 
Buffers 
 
 
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank ..........................................................................................  
3,549 
3,551 
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) ...................................................................................................  
2,500 
2,500 
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) ..................................................................................  
0,049 
0,051 
Systemically important Bank buffer (%) ..........................................................................................................  
1,000 
1,000 
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first paragraph of 
the Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital buffers to Risk 
Weighted Assets (%) .....................................................................................................................................  
 
 
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) 
 
 
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials .........................................................................  
225,366 
192,605 
Significant investments in the common stock of financials .............................................................................  
1,775,955 
1,562,641 
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) .....................................................................................  
- 
- 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability) ......................................  
4,152,906 
4,482,337 
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital 
 
 
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation) ................................................  
1,813,794 
11,990,560 
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the standard 
approach used ................................................................................................................................................  
860,696 
4,269,686 
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in 
accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation..................................................................................  
9,241,805 
- 
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables of credit risk Amount of 
the Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation .................  
1,801,374 
- 
Capital instruments subject to phase-out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan 2018 and 
1 Jan 2022) ....................................................................................................................................................  
 
 
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ...................................................................  
- 
-

--- Page 249 ---
235 
 
 
 
As of 30 
September 2021 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject 
to Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ...............................................................  
- 
- 
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the Provisional 
Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds .......................................................................................  
161,014 
322,028 
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject to 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ....................................................................  
7,849,194 
6,326,953 
___________ 
(1) 
The specified amounts are the figures calculated for the items subject to the phasing. 
(2) 
Represents after tax, net amount of general provisions.  
(3) 
The capital adequacy ratios presented as of 30 September 2021 reflect the impact of the Temporary Forbearances (as defined under “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment—Capital Adequacy”).  The capital adequacy ratios without forbearances would be 12.32%, 13.65% and 15.97%, for the 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio, the Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio and the Consolidated Capital 
Adequacy Ratio, respectively. 
 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 31 December 
2020 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated: 
 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Paid-up Capital ......................................................................................................................................................... 
8,447,051 
 
Share issue premiums ............................................................................................................................................... 
556,937 
 
Retained earnings ..................................................................................................................................................... 
29,459,139 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the Turkish 
Accounting Standards ........................................................................................................................................... 
6,193,055 
 
Profit ......................................................................................................................................................................... 
6,719,472 
 
Net profit of the period ......................................................................................................................................... 
5,079,518 
 
Profit of the previous years .................................................................................................................................. 
1,639,954 
 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships and cannot be 
recognised within profit for the period ................................................................................................................. 
14,779 
 
Minority interest ....................................................................................................................................................... 
807 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments ........................................................................ 
51,391,240 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments 
- 
 
Prudential valuation adjustments ............................................................................................................................. 
86,371 
 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed by the 
retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS ........................................................ 
2,700,221 
 
Improvement costs for operating leasing ................................................................................................................. 
113,341 
 
Goodwill (net of related tax liability) ....................................................................................................................... 
979,493 
 
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability) .............................................. 
931,053 
 
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences (net of 
related tax liability) ............................................................................................................................................... 
- 
 
Cash-flow hedge reserve  ......................................................................................................................................... 
- 
 
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses ................................................................................................................ 
- 
 
Securitisation gain on sale ........................................................................................................................................ 
- 
 
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities .......................................................... 
- 
 
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets .................................................................................................................. 
- 
 
Investments in own shares ........................................................................................................................................ 
- 
 
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law .......................................... 
- 
 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory 
consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the issued share 
capital (amount above 10% threshold) 
- 
 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory 
consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the issued share capital 
(amount above 10% threshold) ............................................................................................................................. 
- 
 
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold) ...................................................................................... 
- 
 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax 
liability) ................................................................................................................................................................. 
- 
 
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ...................................................................................................................... 
- 
 
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that 
are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more 
than 10% of the issued share capital ..................................................................................................................... 
-

--- Page 250 ---
236 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights .................................................................................... 
- 
 
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences ...................................... 
- 
 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ............................................... 
- 
 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 to 
cover deductions ................................................................................................................................................... 
- 
 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1 ................................................................................... 
4,810,479 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ................................................................................................................ 
46,580,761 
 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
- 
 
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue premiums ....... 
- 
 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA .......................... 
4,771,325 
 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ................................................ 
- 
 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital ................................................................................................ 
- 
 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ....................................... 
- 
 
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments 
4,771,325  
 
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments .................................................................................................... 
- 
 
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments .................................................................................................. 
- 
 
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments ................................................................................... 
- 
 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory 
consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the issued 
common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold) .................................................................... 
- 
 
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) ..................................................................................... 
- 
 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ............................................... 
- 
 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the transition period 
- 
 
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not deducted from Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation 
on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ..................................................................................................................................... 
- 
 
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of 
the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ............................. 
- 
 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions .................... 
- 
 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital ................................................................................ 
- 
 
Total Additional Tier 1 capital .............................................................................................................................. 
4,771,325 
 
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 capital) .............. 
51,352,086 
 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency ........................ 
6,980,701 
 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ................................................ 
322,028 
 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital ................................................................................................ 
- 
 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ....................................... 
- 
 
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) ............................................................................ 
4,269,686 
 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments 
11,572,415 
 
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments  
 
 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) .............................................................. 
- 
 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank's Tier 2 and components of equity issued by financial 
institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8 ........................................................................................... 
141,561 
 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory 
consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the issued 
common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-) ......................................................... 
- 
 
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-)................................................................................ 
- 
 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ............................................... 
- 
 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital ................................................................................................... 
141,561 
 
Total Tier 2 capital ................................................................................................................................................. 
11,430,854 
 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ............................................................................. 
62,740,741 
 
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital) .......................................................................... 
 
 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law ........................................ 
5,591 
4,337 
Portion of the sum of the banks’ real estate net book values, which is in excess of 50% of their own funds and 
net book values of those of merchandise and real estate which have to be acquired due to their receivables 
and disposed of pursuant to Article 57 of the Banking Law, which cannot be disposed of despite the lapse of 
a period of five years since the date of such acquisition ...................................................................................... 
- 
-

--- Page 251 ---
237 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2020 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ............................................... 
36,608 
35,172 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the transition period 
 
 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory 
consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of the issued 
common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-
paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .......................................... 
- 
- 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, financial and insurance 
entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions (amount above 
10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, 
Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on 
Banks’ Own Funds (-) ........................................................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount above 10% threshold), mortgage 
servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences 
(amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which will not deducted from Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on 
Banks’ Own Funds (-) ........................................................................................................................................... 
 
 
Own Funds 
 
 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ............................................................................. 
62,571,136 
 
Total Risk Weighted Assets ................................................................................................................................... 
362,826,562 
 
Capital Adequacy Ratios ....................................................................................................................................... 
 
 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio(%) ......................................................................... 
12.84 
 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%) ................................................................................................... 
14.15 
 
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%) .............................................................................................................. 
17.25 
 
Buffers 
3.551 
 
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank ................................................................................................. 
2,500 
 
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) ........................................................................................................... 
0.051 
 
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) ......................................................................................... 
1.000 
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first paragraph of the 
Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital buffers to Risk Weighted Assets 
(%) ......................................................................................................................................................................... 
8.153 
 
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) 
 
 
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials ................................................................................ 
 
 
Significant investments in the common stock of financials..................................................................................... 
1,562,641 
 
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ............................................................................................ 
- 
 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability) .............................................. 
4,482,337 
 
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital 
 
 
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation) ....................................................... 
11,990,560 
 
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the standard approach 
used ....................................................................................................................................................................... 
4,269,686 
 
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in 
accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation ......................................................................................... 
- 
 
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables of credit risk Amount of the 
Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation .............................. 
- 
 
Capital instruments subject to phase-out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan 2018 and 1 Jan 
2022) ..................................................................................................................................................................... 
  
 
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the Provisional 
Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds .............................................................................................. 
- 
 
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject to 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ........................................................................... 
- 
 
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the Provisional Article 4 
of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ............................................................................................................. 
322,028 
 
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject to 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ........................................................................... 
6,326,953 
 
 
_______________ 
(1) 
The specified amounts are the figures calculated for the items subject to the phasing.

--- Page 252 ---
238 
 
 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 31 December 
2019 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated:

--- Page 253 ---
239 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2019 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Paid-up Capital .....................................................................................................................................................  
8,447,051  
— 
Share issue premiums ...........................................................................................................................................  
556,937  
— 
Retained earnings .................................................................................................................................................  
25,884,402  
— 
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the Turkish 
Accounting Standards .......................................................................................................................................  
4,515,991  
— 
Profit .....................................................................................................................................................................  
5,240,014  
— 
Net profit of the period ....................................................................................................................................  
3,600,060  
— 
Profit of the previous years .............................................................................................................................  
1,639,954  
— 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships and cannot be 
recognised within profit for the period .............................................................................................................  
9,093  
— 
Minority interest ...................................................................................................................................................  
687  
— 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments ....................................................................  
44,654,175 
— 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments 
 
 
Prudential valuation adjustments .........................................................................................................................  
82,259  
— 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed by the 
retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS ...................................................  
1,825,733  
— 
Improvement costs for operating leasing .............................................................................................................  
130,170  
— 
Goodwill (net of related tax liability) ..................................................................................................................  
979,493  
979,493 
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ..........................................  
868,508  
667,171 
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences (net 
of related tax liability) ......................................................................................................................................  
— 
 
Cash-flow hedge reserve  .....................................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses ............................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Securitisation gain on sale ....................................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities .....................................................  
— 
— 
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets ..............................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Investments in own shares ...................................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law ......................................  
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the 
issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) ........................................................................................  
— 
— 
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold) .................................................................................  
— 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax 
liability) .............................................................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ..................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns 
more than 10% of the issued share capital .......................................................................................................  
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights ................................................................................  
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences ..................................  
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ...........................................  
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 to 
cover deductions ...............................................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1 ...............................................................................  
3,886,163 
— 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ...........................................................................................................  
40,768,012 
— 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
— 
— 
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue premiums ...  
— 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA .....................  
3,861,130 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ...........................................  
— 
— 
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments 
— 
— 
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments ...............................................................................................  
— 
— 
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments..............................................................................................  
— 
— 
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments ...............................................................................  
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold) ..............................................  
— 
—

--- Page 254 ---
240 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2019 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope 
of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) ............................................................................  
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ...........................................  
— 
— 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the transition period 
— 
— 
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ........................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes 
of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) .....................  
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions ................  
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital ............................................................................  
— 
— 
Total Additional Tier 1 capital .........................................................................................................................  
3,861,130 
— 
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 capital) ..........  
44,629,142 
— 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency ...................  
6.817.423 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ...........................................  
492.467 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital ............................................................................................  
— 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) ...................................  
— 
— 
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) ........................................................................  
2,896,894 
— 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments 
10,206,784 
— 
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments  
— 
— 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) .........................................................  
— 
— 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank's Tier 2 and components of equity issued by 
financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8 .......................................................................  
112,694 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-) ...................................  
— 
— 
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-) ...........................................................................  
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ...........................................  
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital ...............................................................................................  
112,694 
— 
Total Tier 2 capital .............................................................................................................................................  
10,094,090 
— 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ........................................................................  
54,683,723 
— 
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital) .....................................................................  
 
— 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law ....................................  
4,337 
— 
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in the Article 57, Clause 1 of 
the Banking Law and the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and held for Sale but Retained 
more than Five Years (2)…………………………………… ...........................................................................  
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA……………………… 
35,172 
— 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the transition period 
 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) which will not deducted 
from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first 
sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ...............................  
— 
— 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions 
(amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional 
Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ..............................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount above 10% threshold), mortgage 
servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences 
(amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which will not deducted from Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on 
Banks’ Own Funds (-) ......................................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Own Funds 
 
— 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ........................................................................  
54,683,723 
— 
Total Risk Weighted Assets ...............................................................................................................................  
326,754,145 
—

--- Page 255 ---
241 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2019 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Capital Adequacy Ratios ...................................................................................................................................  
 
— 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio(%) ....................................................................  
12.48 
— 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%) ...............................................................................................  
13.66 
— 
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%) ..........................................................................................................  
16.74 
— 
Buffers 
 
— 
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank .............................................................................................  
4.049 
— 
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) ......................................................................................................  
2.500 
— 
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) .....................................................................................  
0.049 
— 
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first paragraph of the 
Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital buffers to Risk Weighted 
Assets (%) .........................................................................................................................................................  
1.500 
— 
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) 
7.658 
— 
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials ............................................................................  
— 
— 
Significant investments in the common stock of financials ................................................................................  
— 
— 
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ........................................................................................  
1,213,663 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability) .........................................  
— 
— 
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital 
3,025,366 
— 
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation) ...................................................  
— 
— 
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the standard 
approach used ...................................................................................................................................................  
6,595,432 
— 
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in 
accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation.....................................................................................  
3,713,967 
— 
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables of credit risk Amount of the 
Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation ..........................  
— 
— 
Capital instruments subject to phase-out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan 2018 and 
1 Jan 2022) .......................................................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ......................................................................  
— 
— 
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject to 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ......................................................................  
— 
— 
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the Provisional 
Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ..........................................................................................  
— 
— 
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject to 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds .......................................................................  
492,467 
— 
___________ 
(1) 
The specified amounts are the figures calculated for the items subject to the phasing. 
(2) According to the “Regulation Regarding changes on Regulation on Banks’ Shareholders’ Equity” published in Official Gazette No.30121 on 
July 11, 2017, the related article has been abolished.  
 
 
The table below shows the Group’s regulatory capital position on a consolidated BRSA basis as of 31 December 
2018 in TL thousands unless otherwise stated: 
 
As of 31 
December 2018 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Paid-up Capital ...................................................................................................................................................... 
8,447,051 
— 
Share issue premiums ............................................................................................................................................ 
556,937 
— 
Retained earnings .................................................................................................................................................. 
21,216,976 
— 
Accumulated other comprehensive income and other disclosed reserves which defined in the Turkish 
Accounting Standards ........................................................................................................................................ 
5,647,070 
— 
Profit ...................................................................................................................................................................... 
6,307,380 
— 
Net profit of the period ..................................................................................................................................... 
4,667,426 
— 
Profit of the previous years .............................................................................................................................. 
1,639,954 
— 
Shares acquired free of charge from subsidiaries, affiliates and jointly controlled partnerships and cannot be 
recognised within profit for the period .............................................................................................................. 
6,331 
— 
Minority interest .................................................................................................................................................... 
611 
—

--- Page 256 ---
242 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2018 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments ..................................................................... 
42,182,356 
— 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments 
 
 
Prudential valuation adjustments .......................................................................................................................... 
54,299 
— 
The sum of the net loss for the current period and the previous years which could not be absorbed by the 
retained earnings and losses recognised in equity in accordance with TAS .................................................... 
 
3,175,078 
— 
Improvement costs for operating leasing .............................................................................................................. 
107,326 
— 
Goodwill (net of related tax liability) ................................................................................................................... 
979,493 
979,493 
Other intangibles other than mortgage-servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ........................................... 
789,064 
667,171 
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences (net 
of related tax liability) ....................................................................................................................................... 
— 
 
Cash-flow hedge reserve  ...................................................................................................................................... 
1,513,584 
— 
Shortfall of provisions to expected losses ............................................................................................................. 
— 
— 
Securitisation gain on sale ..................................................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Gains and losses due to changes in own credit risk on fair valued liabilities ...................................................... 
— 
— 
Defined-benefit pension fund net assets ............................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Investments in own shares .................................................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Credits extended contrary to the fourth paragraph of Articles 56 of the Banking Law ....................................... 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued share capital (amount above 10% threshold) 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns more than 10% of the issued 
share capital (amount above 10% threshold) .................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Mortgage servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold) .................................................................................. 
— 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax 
liability) .............................................................................................................................................................. 
— 
— 
Amount exceeding the 15% threshold (as set out in the paragraph 2 of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ................................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for the investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities 
that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank owns 
more than 10% of the issued share capital ........................................................................................................ 
1,068,032 
— 
The amount above threshold for mortgage servicing rights ................................................................................. 
— 
— 
The amount above threshold for deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences ................................... 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ............................................ 
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Common Equity Tier 1 due to insufficient Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 to 
cover deductions ................................................................................................................................................ 
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common equity Tier 1 ................................................................................ 
7,686,876 
— 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ............................................................................................................ 
34,495,480 
— 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
 
— 
Preferred shares that are not included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and related shares issue premiums .... 
— 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA ...................... 
— 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the BRSA (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ............................................ 
— 
— 
Additional Tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments 
— 
— 
Additional Tier 1 capital: regulatory adjustments ................................................................................................ 
— 
— 
Investments in own Additional Tier 1 instruments............................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Reciprocal cross-holdings in Additional Tier 1 instruments ................................................................................ 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above 10% threshold) ............................................... 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope 
of regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) ............................................................................. 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ............................................ 
— 
— 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Tier 1 capital during the transition period 
— 
— 
Goodwill and other intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities which will not deducted from 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of 
the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ......................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Net deferred tax asset/liability which is not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the purposes 
of the sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ...................... 
— 
— 
Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 due to insufficient Tier 2 to cover deductions ................. 
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 capital ............................................................................. 
— 
— 
Total Additional Tier 1 capital .......................................................................................................................... 
— 
—

--- Page 257 ---
243 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2018 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Total Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital = Common Equity Tier 1 capital + Additional Tier 1 capital) ........... 
34,495,480 
— 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency .................... 
7,070,650 
— 
Eligible capital instruments and relevant share issue premiums that are approved by the Agency (For the 
purposes of the Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds) ............................................ 
711,040 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital ............................................................................................. 
— 
— 
Shares of Third Parties in Additional Tier I Capital (Covered by Temporary Article 3) .................................... 
— 
— 
Provisions (Article 8 of the Regulation on the Equity of Banks) ......................................................................... 
2,720,587 
— 
Tier 2 capital before regulatory adjustments 
10,502,278 
— 
Tier 2 capital: regulatory adjustments  
 
— 
Direct and indirect investments of the Bank on its own Tier 2 Capital (-) .......................................................... 
— 
— 
Investments of the Bank to banks that invest on the Bank's Tier 2 and components of equity issued by 
financial institutions with the conditions declared in Article 8 ........................................................................ 
87,791 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) (-) .................................... 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the capital banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation (net of eligible short positions) (-) ............................................................................ 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA ............................................ 
— 
— 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 capital ................................................................................................ 
87,791 
— 
Total Tier 2 capital .............................................................................................................................................. 
10,414,487 
— 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ......................................................................... 
44,866,207 
— 
The Sum of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital (Total Capital) ...................................................................... 
— 
— 
Credits extended contrary to the provisions of Articles 50 and 51 of the Banking Law ..................................... 
4,893 
— 
Net Book Values of Movables and Immovables Exceeding the Limit Defined in the Article 57, Clause 1 of 
the Banking Law and the Assets Acquired against Overdue Receivables and held for Sale but Retained 
more than Five Years (2)…………………………………… ............................................................................ 
 
 
— 
— 
National specific regulatory adjustments which shall be determined by the BRSA……………………… 
38,866 
— 
Regulatory Adjustments which will be deducted from Total Capital during the transition period 
— 
— 
Investments in the capital of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the scope of 
regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions, where the bank does not own more than 10% of 
the issued common share capital of the entity (amount above the 10% threshold) which will not deducted 
from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first 
sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ................................ 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital of banking, financial and 
insurance entities that are outside the scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions 
(amount above 10% threshold) which will not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional 
Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the 
Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds (-) ............................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Significant investments in the common stock of banking, financial and insurance entities that are outside the 
scope of regulatory consolidation, net of eligible short positions(amount above 10% threshold), mortgage 
servicing rights (amount above 10% threshold), deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences 
(amount above 10% threshold, net of related tax liability) which will not deducted from Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital for the purposes of the first sub-paragraph of the Provisional Article 2 of the Regulation on 
Banks’ Own Funds (-) ....................................................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Own Funds 
 
— 
Total Capital (The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) ......................................................................... 
44,866,207 
— 
Total Risk Weighted Assets ................................................................................................................................ 
302,881,004 
— 
Capital Adequacy Ratios .................................................................................................................................... 
 
— 
Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio(%) ..................................................................... 
11.39 
— 
Consolidated Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio (%) ................................................................................................ 
11.39 
— 
Consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio (%) ........................................................................................................... 
14.81 
— 
Buffers 
 
— 
Institution specific buffer requirement of the Bank .............................................................................................. 
3.042 
— 
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) ....................................................................................................... 
1.875 
— 
Bank’s specific countercyclical buffer requirement (%) ...................................................................................... 
0.042 
— 
The ratio of Additional Common Equity Tier 1 capital which will be calculated by the first paragraph of the 
Article 4 of Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital buffers to Risk Weighted 
Assets (%) .......................................................................................................................................................... 
5.389 
— 
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting) 
 
— 
Non-significant investments in the capital of other financials ............................................................................. 
— 
—

--- Page 258 ---
244 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 2018 
Amounts 
subject to 
treatment 
before 
1/1/2014(1) 
Significant investments in the common stock of financials ................................................................................. 
— 
— 
Mortgage servicing rights (net of related tax liability) ......................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liability) .......................................... 
2,576,876 
— 
Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier 2 capital 
 
— 
General provisions for standard based receivables (before 10,025 limitation) .................................................... 
5,355,077 
— 
Up to 1.25% of total risk-weighted amount of general provisions for receivables where the standard 
approach used .................................................................................................................................................... 
3,487,932 
— 
Excess amount of total provision amount to credit risk Amount of the Internal Ratings Based Approach in 
accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation...................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Excess amount of total provision amount to 0.6% of risk weighted receivables of credit risk Amount of the 
Internal Ratings Based Approach in accordance with the Communiqué on the Calculation ........................... 
— 
— 
Capital instruments subject to phase-out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan 2018 and 
1 Jan 2022) ........................................................................................................................................................ 
 
— 
Current cap on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ....................................................................... 
— 
— 
Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject to 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ....................................................................... 
— 
— 
Current cap on Tier 2 capital instruments which subject to phase out arrangements in the Provisional 
Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ........................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and maturities) which subject to 
Provisional Article 4 of the Regulation on Banks’ Own Funds ........................................................................ 
— 
— 
___________ 
(2) 
The specified amounts are the figures calculated for the items subject to the phasing. 
(2) According to the “Regulation Regarding changes on Regulation on Banks’ Shareholders’ Equity” published in Official Gazette No.30121 on 
July 11, 2017, the related article has been abolished.  
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between 
willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation, and is best evidenced by the quoted market price, if 
available. 
The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined by the Group with the use of available 
market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, judgment is necessarily required to 
interpret market data in order to develop the estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimated fair value presented 
in this Base Prospectus is not necessarily indicative of the amount the Group could realise in a current market 
exchange transaction. 
The table below indicates the carrying and estimated fair value of the financial assets and liabilities, which are 
not presented on the Group’s balance sheet at their estimated fair value. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Carrying 
value 
Fair value 
Financial assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due from money markets ...................... 
1,700,842 
1,700,842 
10,803,630 
10,803,630 
117,231 
117,231 
Banks ..................................................... 
16,485,974 
17,242,338 
27,211,788 
28,003,202 
5,269,563 
5,280,916 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ............ 
   25,100,560  
25,100,560 
26,900,612 
26,900,612 
26,939,541 
26,939,541 
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost .................................................... 
  53,028,224 
54,582,472 
29,608,137 
28,863,097 
22,805,679 
27,598,896 
Loans ...................................................... 
317,211,755 
320,175,861 
262,653,227 
278,852,104 
234,967,956 
238,815,551 
Financial liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank deposits ......................................... 
     5,083,262 
5,087,607 
5,057,775 
5,059,558 
10,407,301 
10,407,301 
Other deposits ........................................ 
 259,327,006 
259,442,519 
226,013,922 
225,912,616 
199,884,172 
199,842,689 
Funds borrowed from other financial 
institutions ......................................... 
 46,424,693 
46,263,167 
45,373,495 
45,144,765 
47,072,002 
46,902,531 
Subordinated loans ................................ 
 22,655,054 
24,273,721 
18,580,039 
20,399,518 
13,557,153 
13,596,916 
Marketable securities issued .................. 
   24,628,361 
24,265,403 
25,221,191 
25,722,756 
21,442,203 
21,363,593 
Miscellaneous payables ......................... 
   15,463,400 
15,463,400 
14,697,241 
14,697,241 
14,662,414 
14,662,414

--- Page 259 ---
245 
 
 
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Group’s financial 
instruments: 
Banks, Bank deposits and Funds borrowed from other financial institutions 
The fair values of banks, bank deposits and funds borrowed from other financial institutions are determined by 
calculating the discounted cash flows using the current market interest rates. 
Held-to-maturity assets 
The fair value of held-to-maturity assets is determined based on market prices or, when these prices are 
unavailable, based on market prices quoted for other securities subject to the same redemption qualifications in 
terms of interest, maturity and other similar conditions. 
Loans 
The expected fair value of loans and receivables is determined by calculating the discounted cash flows using 
the current market interest rates for the loans with fixed interest rates. For the loans with floating interest rates 
(such as overdrafts and credit card receivables), it is assumed that the carrying value approaches the fair value. 
Available-for-sale financial assets 
Available-for-sale financial assets are subsequently re-measured at fair value. When fair values based on market 
prices cannot be obtained reliably, the available-for-sale financial assets are carried at fair values determined by 
using alternative models. Available-for-sale equity securities which are not quoted in a market, and the fair 
values of which cannot be determined reliably, are carried at cost less any impairment. 
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
The following table presents assets and liabilities at fair value as of 31 December 2020 in TL thousands. 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
Financial assets where fair value change is reflected to income statement ... 
286,991  
161,328  
228,446  
676,765  
Financial assets where fair value change is reflected to other 
comprehensive income statement .............................................................. 
22,992,471  
2,086,636  
 -  
25,079,107  
Derivative financial assets .............................................................................. 
 -  
5,770,100  
 -  
5,770,100  
Total assets .................................................................................................... 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial liabilities ........................................................................ 
 -  
10,593,179  
 -  
10,593,179  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss .................................. 
 -  
12,555,789  
 -  
12,555,789  
Total liabilities .............................................................................................. 
 -  
23,148,968  
 -  
23,148,968  
 
Risk Committees 
Within the Bank, risk management is performed by the Asset and Liability Management function within the 
Executive Committee and the Credit Committee. 
The Credit Committee is responsible for: (i) determining lending guidelines in line with the credit policy, 
economic objectives and the overall risk profile of the credit portfolio of the Bank, (ii) granting loans within 
certain set limits or advising the Board with respect to granting loans exceeding such limits, (iii) defining 
restructuring terms for overdue loans within certain set limits or advising the Board on the same with respect to 
loans exceeding such limits, and (iv) performing other functions assigned to it by the Board. The Credit 
Committee consists of four principal members and two substitute members; namely the CEO, the Deputy CEO 
and two members of the Board, and the Vice Chairman and one member of the Board, respectively. The Risk 
Management Assistant General Manager attends the meetings by invitation. The Credit Committee meets on a 
weekly basis. 
The decisions of the Credit Committee become immediately effective in the case of a unanimous vote. 
Otherwise, decisions of the Credit Committee require a majority approval from the Board. 
The Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee is responsible for: 
(a) determining the Bank’s structural risk management guidelines and policies, (b) defining risk profile 
management strategies, and ensuring their compliance with the Board’s guidelines in terms of risk appetite, 
(c) optimising the level of risk that the Bank is exposed to within the guidelines set by the Board, (d) defining

--- Page 260 ---
246 
 
 
risk limits, (e) defining operational principles of risk management and approval of risk measurement and control 
models, and (f) maintaining an overview of credit, market and operational risks. The decisions of the Asset and 
Liability Management function within the Executive Committee are made by unanimous vote of its permanent 
members. Such permanent members include the CEO, the Deputy CEO, the CFO, the Treasury Department 
Assistant General Manager and the Risk Management Assistant General Manager. In addition, heads of other 
business units as members of the Executive Committee also regularly attend meetings of the Asset and Liability 
Management function within the Executive Committee, including the Corporate and Commercial Banking 
Assistant General Manager, the Retail Banking Assistant General Manager, and the Retail Banking Sales 
Assistant General Manager. The Asset and Liability Management function within the Executive Committee 
usually meets on a weekly basis but in any case not less frequently than once a month.

--- Page 261 ---
247 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The Bank is managed by its Board of Directors, its General Manager and its senior management. 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Bank’s articles of association, the Board is responsible for the Bank’s management. The Bank’s 
articles of association stipulate that the Board should consist of a minimum of eight members elected by the 
General Assembly, with the General Manager holding a board seat, as required by the Banking Law. The Board 
is currently composed of 12 directors. Each director is appointed for a maximum term of three years. The 
business address of each of the directors is Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok, Levent 34330, Istanbul, Turkey. 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding each member of the Board as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Ali Y. Koç ..............................................................................................................................................  
Chairman 
Levent Çakıroğlu ....................................................................................................................................  
Vice Chairman 
Gökhan Erün ..........................................................................................................................................  
Executive Director and 
CEO 
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu ..............................................................................................................................  
Member 
A. Ümit Taftalı .......................................................................................................................................  
Member  
Wolfgang Schilk.....................................................................................................................................  
Member 
Niccoló Ubertalli ....................................................................................................................................  
Member 
Ahmet Çimenoğlu ..................................................................................................................................  
Member (Independent) 
Virma Sökmen .......................................................................................................................................  
Member (Independent) 
Nevin İmamoğlu İpek.............................................................................................................................  
Member (Independent) 
Mehmet Tırnaklı.....................................................................................................................................  
Member (Independent) 
Melih Poyraz ..........................................................................................................................................  
Member 
 
Ali Y. KOÇ, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Ali Y. Koç graduated from Rice University in Business Administration and completed his MBA degree at 
Harvard Business School. Between 1990 and 1991, he attended the American Express Bank Management 
Trainee program. Between 1992 and 1994, he worked as an Analyst at Morgan Stanley Investment Bank. 
Between 1997 and 2006, Koç held various senior level positions at Koç Holding such as the New Business 
Development Coordinator and President of the Information Technology Group. Between 2006 and 2010, he 
was the President of the Corporate Communications and Information Technology Group. Koç has been a Board 
Member of Koç Holding since January 2008 and was named Vice Chairman in February 2016. He is also the 
Chairman of various Koç Group companies. Additionally, Koç contributes to Turkey’s social and economic 
development by serving as President at Fenerbahçe Sports Club, a board member of the URAK (International 
Competition Research Association) and a Board Member at Endeavor Association. He is also a member of 
TÜSİAD (Turkish Industry and Business Association) and a Member of the Global Advisory Council of Bank 
of America, Harvard University and Council on Foreign Relations (CFR). Koç has been Board Chairman of the 
Group and Koç Financial Services since April 2016. 
Levent ÇAKIROĞLU, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors  
Levent Çakıroğlu graduated from Ankara University - Faculty of Political Sciences, Business Administration 
Department and received his master’s degree from University of Illinois. He started his professional life in 
Ministry of Finance in 1988. Between 1997 and 1998, he taught as part time instructor at Bilkent University 
and served as Vice President of the Financial Crimes Investigation Board at the Ministry of Finance. Çakıroğlu, 
joined Koç Group in 1998 as Koç Holding Financial Group Coordinator. He was the General Manager of Koçtaş 
between 2002 and 2007, the CEO of Migros between 2007 and 2008, the CEO of Arçelik between 2008 and 
2015 and the President of the Durable Goods Group of Koç Holding A.Ş. between 2010 and 2015. Çakıroğlu 
was appointed as the Deputy CEO of Koç Holding in February 2015 and he took over the CEO position on 
April 2015. Since April 2016, Çakıroğlu has also been a Board Member at Koç Holding. Çakıroğlu has been a 
Board Member at the Group and Koç Financial Services since April 2015 and in February 2020 he was 
appointed as Vice Chairman of the Group’s Board. Çakıroğlu is also a Board Member in various Koç Group 
Companies.

--- Page 262 ---
248 
 
 
He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Koç Financial Services and since April 2015 he serves on the 
Board of Directors of various Koç Group Companies. 
Gökhan ERÜN, Executive Director and CEO 
Gökhan Erün earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul Technical University Department of Electronics 
and Communications Engineering and his graduate degree from Yeditepe University in Business 
Administration. Erün began his career at Garanti Bank’s Treasury Department in 1994. Between 1999 and 2004, 
he served as the Senior Vice President of Commercial Marketing and Sales Department. After becoming the 
CEO of Garanti Pension and Life in 2004, Erün was appointed as Executive Vice President of Garanti Bank in 
September 2005. Erün began to serve as the Deputy CEO of Garanti Bank in September 2015, also in charge of 
Corporate Banking Coordination, Treasury, Treasury Marketing and Financial Solutions, Derivatives, Cash 
Management and Transaction Banking, and Financial Institutions. In addition, he held positions in the Boards 
of various Garanti Bank subsidiaries. As of January 2018, Erün has continued his career in the Group as 
Executive Director in the Board of Directors and as Chief Executive Officer (CEO). In addition, Erün is the 
CEO of Koç Financial Services and holds positions in the Boards of various Group subsidiaries and Koç 
Tüketici Finansmanı A.Ş. Also as of April 2021, Erün became the President of Koç Holding’s Banking Group. 
Ahmet F. ASHABOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors 
Ahmet F. Ashaboğlu holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Tufts University and a Master’s of Science degree 
from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Mechanical Engineering. In 1994, he began his career as 
a Research Assistant at MIT. Between 1996 and 1999, Ashaboğlu held various positions in capital markets 
within UBS Warburg, New York. Between 1999 and 2003, he worked as a Consultant at McKinsey & Company, 
New York. In 2003, Ashaboğlu joined Koç Holding as Finance Group Coordinator. Since 2006, he has been 
serving as the CFO of Koç Holding. In addition to being a Board Member at the Group and Koç Financial 
Services since September 2005, Ashaboğlu is also a Board Member at various Koç Group Companies. 
A. Ümit TAFTALI, Member of the Board of Directors  
A. Ümit Taftalı earned his bachelor’s degree in Finance from Ball State University (Indiana) and his MBA 
degree from the University of South Carolina. He also participated in senior executive programs at Harvard 
University. Taftalı is an investment banker and wealth manager with over 30 years of international experience. 
He has worked in executive positions in Atlanta, New York and London for Merrill Lynch & Company, Bankers 
Trust Company and Goldman Sachs International. Taftalı has been representing and advising Mrs. Suna (Koç) 
Kıraç between 2001 and 2020.  He is a Member of Koç Holding’s Executive Committee as well as Board 
Chairman of Kare Portföy. Taftalı is or has been Board/Founding Member of various philanthropic and 
professional organizations such as Suna-İnan Kıraç Foundation, Educational Volunteers Foundation of Turkey 
(TESEV), Turkish Industrialists and Businessmen Association (TÜSİAD), Saint Joseph Educational 
Foundation, Educational Volunteers Foundation of Turkey (TEGV), Galatasaray Sport Club, American Finance 
Association (USA), Financial Management Association (USA), Museum of American Financial History (USA), 
Ball State University Foundation (USA), Turkish Bankers Association (UK), University of South Carolina 
Foundation (USA). Taftalı has been a Board Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services since April 2016. 
Wolfgang SCHILK, Member of the Board of Directors  
Wolfgang Schilk graduated from University of Wien Law School in 1992 and completed a postgraduate 
management trainee program at Creditanstalt-Bankverein (CA-BV). Between 1994 and 1996, he worked at CA-
BV as the Restructuring and Workout Manager responsible for Corporate Banking. Between 1996 and 2004, 
Schilk worked as the Head of Credit Unit at Bank Austria Creditanstalt. In 2004, he became the Head of 
Regional Office responsible for Corporate Banking. In 2006, he worked as the Head of Regional Office 
responsible for Private and SME segments. Between 2007 and 2010, he was the Head of Risk Management 
responsible for Private and SME segments in UniCredit Bank Austria AG. Between 2010 and 2016, Schilk 
served as the Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) of the Group. In September 2016, he was appointed as UniCredit 
S.p.A. CRO for Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) region. In addition to being a Board Member at the Group 
and Koç Financial Services since October 2016, Schilk is also a Supervisory Board Member at UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic & Slovakia and Zagrebacka Banka. Starting from November 2020, Schilk also took over the 
function of CRO for UniCredit Bank Austria.

--- Page 263 ---
249 
 
 
Niccolò UBERTALLI, Member of the Board of Directors 
Niccolo Ubertalli graduated from Politecnico di Torino (Turin, Italy) with a Bachelor’s Degree in Material 
Engineering in 1996 and received his Master’s in Business Administration from Owen Graduate School of 
Management at Vanderbilt University (Tennessee, USA) in 2000. During his graduate program, he worked at 
Teksid Aluminum Foundry as Program Manager and Process Engineer. In 2000, Ubertalli moved to Milan 
(Italy) and worked at McKinsey as Senior Associate until 2002. Between 2002 and 2004, he worked at UniCredit 
Clarima as Director of Major Relations Divisions. Between 2004 and 2006, Ubertalli worked at MBNA (USA 
and UK) as First Vice President. Between 2006 and 2009, Ubertalli relocated to Bulgaria to work at UniCredit 
Consumer Financing as Chairman and Executive Director. In 2009, he moved back to Italy and continued his 
career at UniCredit as the Chief of Staff for Group CEO and between 2011 and 2012, as the Head of Group 
Consumer Finance. In 2012, he moved to Romania and assumed the position of Deputy CEO at UniCredit Tiriac 
Bank. During his time there between 2012 and 2015, he was a Member of Management Board for UniCredit 
Tiriac as well as Member of Supervisory Boards for Pioneer Investments, UniCredit Consumer Finance 
Bulgaria, UniCredit Consumer Finance Romania and Ergo Asigurari de Viata S.A. Romania. Between 2015 
and 2019, he continued his career in the Group as executive director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
In addition, he held board positions in various Group subsidiaries. In 2019, he was appointed co-CEO 
Commercial Banking, CEE at UniCredit.  He is a member of the UniCredit Executive Management Committee.  
Ahmet ÇİMENOĞLU, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Ahmet Çimenoğlu graduated from Department of Economics at Boğaziçi University in 1992. He started his 
professional life as an economist at the Bank in 1995, after completing his MA in Economics at Boğaziçi 
University, Istanbul. He received his PhD degree in economics at Istanbul Technical University in 2002. He 
worked as the Chief Economist, and Head of Strategic Planning and Research at the Group between July 2004 
and February 2009. In March 2009, he joined Koç Holding as the Head of Economic Research. He is currently 
the Chief Economist of the Koç Holding. Çimenoğlu has been serving as a Board member at Koç Financial 
Services and the Group since March 2019. 
Virma SÖKMEN, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Virma Sökmen has a Bachelor degree in Finance from LaSalle University. She began her professional career at 
research and investment banking departments of Körfezbank and Çarşı Menkul Degerler. Between 1993 and 
2001, Sökmen worked at Midland Bank A.S. as a Credit Analyst. Between 2001 and 2010, she served as 
Corporate Banking Group President and an Executive Vice President of Corporate and Commercial Banking at 
HSBC. Sökmen managed corporate banking, commercial banking foreign trade and provision management, 
factoring, corporate and commercial insurance, corporate marketing and cash management units since 2010. 
Sökmen also served as the Assistant General Manager, responsible from Corporate and Commercial Banking, 
at HSBC. Since 2016, Sökmen has been a Managing Partner at Credia Partners. Sökmen has been a Board 
Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services since March 2019. In addition, Sökmen became an 
Independent Board at Sarkuysan Elektrolikit Bakır San ve Tic AŞ in June 2020. 
Nevin İMAMOĞLU İPEK, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Nevin İmamoğlu İpek graduated from Ankara University, Faculty of Political Sciences, Department of Business 
Administration in 1993 and she earned an MBA degree at the same university in 1997. İpek also earned a Master 
of Accounting degree from the University of Michigan in 2001. İpek began her career at the Capital Markets 
Board of Turkey and served as Assistant to Expert between 1997 and 2005, Deputy Head of Corporate Finance 
Department between 2005 and 2006 and Head of Institutional Investors Department between 2006 and 2007. 
She joined the Koç Group in 2007 and still is serving as Finance Coordinator responsible for compliance with 
securities regulations. She is also heading the Capital Markets Working Group in TÜSİAD from 2013. Nevin 
İmamoğlu İpek has been a Board Member of the Group and Koç Financial Services since February 2020. 
Mehmet TIRNAKLI, Member of the Board of Directors (Independent) 
Mehmet Tırnaklı graduated from Boğaziçi University with a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration and 
received his MBA degree from Rutgers, New Jersey State University. He began his professional career at the 
Corporate Banking department of Citibank İzmir in 1992. He worked at Citibank Türkiye as the Head of 
Treasury Marketing Unit between 1997 and 1999. After serving as the Corporate Branch Manager at Citibank

--- Page 264 ---
250 
 
 
İzmir between 1999 and 2001, he continued his career at Citibank İstanbul as Head of Corporate Bank Marketing 
Unit between 2001 and 2004. He worked at Citibank Türkiye as Head of Corporate Finance between 2004 and 
2008 and the Head of Corporate Bank between 2008 and 2009. Working as a Finance Coordinator at Koç 
Holding A.Ş. since 2009, Mehmet Tırnaklı has been a Board member of the Group since March 2021. 
Melih POYRAZ, Member of the Board of Directors 
Melih Poyraz graduated from Bosphorus University with Business degree in 2001. He completed his MBA at 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Economic Law masters degree at Galatasaray University. He 
then received Juris Doctor degree from Northwestern Law School in 2014. He was admitted to law practice in 
Illinois as of 2014.  Poyraz began his professional career as a consultant at Ernst Young Istanbul office. In 2004, 
he was appointed as Auditor at Turkish Ministry of Finance. He joined Arçelik as Risk Director in 2014.  In 
2015, he started working at Koç Holding as Coordinator at CEO Office, which included responsibilities such as 
strategical, legal and financial advice to the CEO. Melih Poyraz has been serving as Koç Holding Strategy and 
Business Development Director at Koç Holding since January 2021. Poyraz has been Board Member of the 
Group and Tofas since March 2021. 
Senior Management 
The current members of the Bank’s senior management and their areas of responsibility are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Responsibility 
Gökhan Erün .............................  
BOD Member/CEO 
General Manager 
Abdullah Geçer .........................  
Assistant General Manager 
Internal Audit/Chief Audit Executive 
Akif Cahit Erdoğan ...................  
Assistant General Manager 
Commercial and SME Banking Management 
Cemal Aybars Sanal .................  
Assistant General Manager 
Legal Activities Management 
 
Demir Karaaslan  ......................  
Assistant General Manager 
Financial Planning and Administration Management 
(Chief Financial Officer) 
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut ............  
Assistant General Manager 
Credits 
Mehmet Erkan Özdemir ...........  
Assistant General Manager 
Compliance, Internal Control and Risk Management / 
Consumer Relations Coordination Officer 
Muharrem Kaan Şakul ..............  
Assistant General Manager 
Corporate Banking 
Saruhan Yücel ..........................  
Assistant General Manager 
Treasury 
Serkan Ülgen ............................  
Assistant General Manager 
Retail Banking Management 
Uğur Gökhan Özdinç ................  
Assistant General Manager 
Technology, Data and Process Management 
Yakup Dogan ............................  
Assistant General Manager 
Alternative Distribution Channels 
 
Set forth below is brief biographical information regarding the Group’s current senior management (other than 
those who are members of the Board, whose biographical information is set out above): 
Abdullah Geçer 
Geçer, 46, received a degree in the Department of Economics at Middle East Technical University in 1996, 
Abdullah Geçer began his professional career at the Undersecretariat of Treasury as an Assistant Sworn Bank 
Auditor. Having served in this position between 1996 and 2000, Geçer assumed Sworn Bank Auditor and Senior 
Sworn Bank Auditor positions in Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency of Turkey between 2000 and 
2007, and completed the MBA in Finance program at University of Nottingham in 2006. Serving as a 
coordinator in Koç Holding Audit Group from 2007 through 2020, Abdullah Geçer was appointed as the 
Assistant General Manager in charge of Internal Audit at the Bank on 20 April 2020. 
Akif Cahit Erdoğan 
Erdoğan, 47, graduated from the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering at Istanbul Technical University.  Erdoğan 
earned his MBA degree from the Rochester Institute of Technology. Starting his professional career at Xerox 
Corporation (Rochester, NY) as a Business Analyst, Erdogan moved to Accenture (Istanbul Office) in 2000 as 
a Management Consulting Country Lead, where he went on to hold various positions.  Erdogan joined the Bank

--- Page 265 ---
251 
 
 
on 1 December 2009 as Chief Information Officer. As of 15 July 2013, he assumed the position of Assistant 
General Manager in charge of Information Technologies and Operations at the Bank.  Erdoğan has been a 
member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since July 2013 and also Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. since May 2015.  Erdoğan is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yapı 
Kredi Yatırım. As of 21 August 2021, he was appointed to the position of Assistant General Manager in charge 
of Commercial and SME Banking Management. He is also Board Member of some of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Cemal Aybars Sanal 
Sanal, 61, graduated from Istanbul University, Faculty of Law. He began his career in 1986 with the law firm 
of Sanal & Sanal as a Partner. Subsequently, he served at the Shell Company of Turkey Limited as an attorney 
from 1992 to 1995, at White & Case LLP as an attorney from 1995 to 1998, at the Shell Company of Turkey 
Limited once again as Chief Legal Counsel and a member of the Board of Directors from 1998 to 1999 and at 
Boyner Holding A.Ş. as Chief Legal Counsel and Vice President between 1999 and 2006. After working as a 
freelance attorney between 2006 and 2007, Sanal worked with the ELIG Law Firm as a Consultant from 2007 
to 2008. He has been working as Assistant General Manager in charge of Legal Affairs at the Bank since July 
2008.  
Demir Karaaslan 
Karaaslan, 46, graduated from Marmara University, Business Administration department in 1999. Between 
September 1999 and December 2004, he worked at PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. (formerly Başaran Nas Bağimsiz Denetim ve S.M.M.M. A.Ş.) where he joined as an Assistant 
Auditor and was promoted to Audit Manager. He continued his career at Koçbank between 2005 and 2006 as 
Head of Budget & Planning. In 2006, following the merger of Koçbank and the Bank, he was appointed as Vice 
President responsible from Planning & Control. He has been the Head of Planning & Control since 2010 and 
promoted as Executive Vice President in 2011. He worked as Assistant General Manager in charge of Retail 
Credits between January 2016 and March 2020.  He was appointed as Assistant General Manager in charge of 
Financial Planning and Administration Management in March 2020. Throughout his career, Karaaslan has also 
assumed the positions of Statutory Auditor and member of the Board in several subsidiaries of the Bank and he 
is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. 
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut 
Mehmet Erkan Akbulut, 53, graduated from Business Administration at Ankara University in 1989. He started 
his career in the Bank as an Assistant Internal Auditor, then worked as Auditor and Senior Auditor and Credit 
Department Supervisor. He took various responsibilities in Corporate Banking Sales Support during 2006 and 
2007. Between 2009 and 2012 he was expatriated to Yapı Kredi Azerbaijan and worked as Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Credits. Returning to the Bank, he worked as Corporate and Commercial Credit 
Monitoring and Workout Vice President until 2016. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in charge of 
Corporate and Commercial Credit Monitoring and Workout in August 2021. 
Between 2018 and 2020 he was appointed as the Executive Vice President of Corporate and Commercial Credits 
Underwriting. He worked as Collection and Workout Executive Vice President until 2021. As of August 2021, 
he was appointed to the position of Assistant General Manager in charge of Credits. He is also Board Member 
of some of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Mehmet Erkan Özdemir 
Özdemir, 53, received a degree in Economics from the Middle East Technical University. He worked as a Sworn 
in Bank Auditor on the Sworn in Bank Auditor Board of the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency 
between April 1994 and August 2001. He joined Koç Group in August 2002 where he worked as Audit 
Coordinator in the Audit Group responsible for the financial companies of the Group. Since April 2008, Özdemir 
has been serving as Compliance Officer and Executive Vice President at the Bank. Özdemir has been serving 
as Assistant General Manager in charge of Compliance and Internal Control since October 2013 and a member 
of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji A.Ş. and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Koç 
Kültür Sanat Yayıncılık Ticaret ve Sanayi A.Ş..  Özdemir is also responsible for Risk Management for the Bank 
as of October 2020 and he is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020.

--- Page 266 ---
252 
 
 
Muharrem Kaan Şakul 
Kaan Şakul, 48, earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul University, Economics in English Department 
in 1996 and earned his graduate degree from Bilgi University, Banking and Finance (MA) in 2015. He started 
his banking career at Yasarbank in 1996 as Corporate Banking Specialist until 2000. After working at 
Finansbank between 2000 and 2002 as Corporate Banking Assistant Manager, he joined Koçbank. He undertook 
various positions in branches and the Head Office of Koçbank, such as Commercial Banking Portfolio Manager, 
Corporate Markets Sales Supervisor, and Retention Development Supervisor until 2007. Between 2007 and 
2013, he took various responsibilities in Corporate and Commercial branches and was appointed as Executive 
Vice President in charge of Corporate and Commercial Credit Underwriting, Corporate and Commercial 
Banking Product Groups and Corporate Banking Sales between 2013 and 2021. He has been assigned by the 
Board of Directors as Corporate Banking Assistant General Manager and Exco member as of August 2021. He 
is also a member of the Sustainability Committee since the committee was established. As of 21 August 2021, 
he was appointed to the position of Assistant General Manager in charge of Corporate Banking. 
Saruhan Yücel 
Yücel, 47, earned his undergraduate degree from Istanbul University Department of Business Administration 
and his graduate degree from University of Illinois in Business Administration. Yücel started his career at 
Koçbank in fund Management Department in 2000. Yücel held the role as Securities Portfolio Manager in the 
Group’s Portfolio in Investment Funds Management Fixed Income department between 2002 and 2003. 
Following this, he worked as FX and Money Markets Senior Dealer, FX Markets Vice President, Fixed Income 
Securities Vice President and Balance Sheet Management, and Fixed Income Securities Executive Vice 
President in the Bank between 2003 and 2018. Since June 2018, he continued his career as Assistant General 
Manager in charge of Treasury Management. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank and 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Yatırım. 
Serkan Ülgen 
Serkan Ülgen, 44, graduated from Bilkent University, Ankara B.S. Industrial Engineering Program in 1998. 
After graduating, he began his career at BENKAR Consumer Financing and Credit Card Services. In 2001 
Ülgen joined the Bank and took several responsibilities in Card Payment Systems. He also gained his MBA 
degree from Bogaziçi University in 2005. Ülgen has been working as the Assistant General Manager in charge 
of Retail Banking and a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since January 2018. He has also been 
the Member of the Board of BKM representing the Group since January 2011 and became the Vice Chairman 
of the Board of Diretors of BKM in April 2019. Ülgen is also a Member of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi 
Bank Azerbaijan and Allianz.  
Uğur Gökhan Özdinç 
Gökhan Özdinç, 46, earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Engineering in 1997, MBA in 1999 and 
Ph.D. degrees in Marketing in 2006 from Boğaziçi University. Özdinç started his career as a Card Payment 
Systems Software Development Group Manager at Finansbank in 1998. Between 2004 and 2013, he managed 
the Project Management Office and ADC Software Development at Finansbank’s Information Technologies 
company, IBTECH. He was also a member of the Management Board at IBTECH, between 2013 and 2014. 
Özdinç was appointed as the CIO and COO of Aktifbank between 2014 and 2019, and at the same time he also 
assumed the positions of Board Member of E-kent, NKolay and Çalık Digital, the subsidiaries of Aktifbank.  
Özdinç joined the Group in 2020 and worked as the Subsidiaries Application Development and IT Governance 
Vice President and the CIO of Yapı Kredi Invest. As of August 2021, he was appointed as the Assistant General 
Manager of the Group in charge of Technology, Data and Process Management, and a member of the Executive 
Committee. At the same time, Özdinç has been giving lectures in the Department of Management Information 
Systems and the Department of Management at Boğaziçi University since 2007. He is also Board Member of 
one of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Yakup Dogan 
Dogan, 53, received a degree in Business Administration from the Çukurova University. Doğan started his 
career at İş Bankası as an Assistant Specialist in 1992. Between 1996 and 2001, he worked at Ottoman Bank in

--- Page 267 ---
253 
 
 
Senior Management positions responsible for the development of Retail Banking, Credit Cards and Alternative 
Delivery Channels. In 2001, Doğan joined Koçbank as Alternative Delivery Channels Manager. In 2006, Doğan 
held the position of Alternative Delivery Channels Executive Vice President at the Bank. As of January 30, 
2009 he assumed the position of Assistant General Manager in charge of Alternative Distribution Channels at 
the Bank and a member of the Executive Committee of the Bank since October 2020.  As of August 2021, 
aternative distribution channels management’s name has changed to limitless banking. Dogan is also a member 
of the Board of Directors of Yapı Kredi Teknoloji. 
The business address of Yakup Dogan and Uğur Gökhan Özdinç is Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., Genel 
Mudurluk/Bankacilik Ussu, Akse Mahallesi, Rahmi Dibek Caddesi No: 275 41435 Çayirova, Kocaeli, Turkey 
which is the operation centre of the Bank. The other members of the senior management have their business 
address at Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş., Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok, 34330 Istanbul, Turkey. 
Board Committees 
The Group has a number of committees comprising various members of the Board. These committees consider 
risk and credit matters and include the Asset and Liability Management function of the Executive Committee 
and the Credit Committee, which are described in detail in “Risk Management”, as well as the Audit Committee, 
the Corporate Governance Committee and the Remuneration Committee, among others. The Audit Committee 
supervises compliance by the Bank with local laws and internal regulations, monitors the performance of the 
Internal Audit Department, Compliance and Internal Control Department and Risk Management Department, 
controls ethical compliance and executes other functions provided for by the Banking Legislation and CMB 
Legislation for Audit Committees. The Audit Department, Risk Management and Compliance and Internal 
Control report to the Audit Committee. The Group also established a Sustainability Committee in 2014 
responsible for integrating sustainability in the Bank’s business processes and for monitoring sustainability 
performance. The Sustainability Committee is chaired by a Board Member and reports to the Executive 
Committee and the Board of Directors. 
Corporate Governance  
Until recently, there were no mandatory corporate governance rules in Turkey. In 2003, the CMB issued a set 
of recommended principles for public companies, which applied to public companies on a “comply or explain” 
basis. In 2004, the Board decided to adopt these principles. On 30 December 2011, the Communiqué on the 
Determination and Implementation of Corporate Governance Principles Series: IV, No: 56 (the “Annulled 
Corporate Governance Communiqué”) was published and came into force, providing certain compulsory and 
non-mandatory principles applicable to all companies incorporated in Turkey and listed on the Borsa Istanbul, 
including the Bank. The Annulled Corporate Governance Communiqué became applicable to the Bank on 
30 December 2012, as the regulation provided a one-year exemption for listed banks. Following the entrance 
into force of the New Capital Markets Law No. 6362, by 30 December 2012, the CMB started to prepare 
secondary legislation in light of the new law. Accordingly, a new communiqué on corporate governance – the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué Series:II No:17.1 (the “Corporate Governance Communiqué”) was 
published in the Official Gazette as of 3 January 2014 which annulled the Communiqué on the Determination 
and Implementation of Corporate Governance Principles Series: IV, No: 56. The Corporate Governance 
Communiqué contains principles relating to: (i) the company shareholders; (ii) public disclosure and 
transparency; (iii) the stakeholders of the company; and (iv) the board of directors. A number of principles are 
compulsory while the remaining principles continue to apply on a “comply or explain” basis as before. The 
Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed companies into three categories according to their market 
capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject to recalculation on an annual basis. The 
CMB has classified 55 companies for the year 2021 as “Tier 1” companies, which have maximum exposure to 
the mandatory principles set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. Some of these mandatory 
principles are not applicable to “Tier 2” and/or “Tier 3” companies. The Bank is classified as a “Tier 1” 
company. According to the Information Policy of the Bank, the public disclosures and all other relevant 
information given to shareholders are done under the supervision of the compliance office. 
• 
The compliance office manages the official public disclosures via www.kap.org.tr 
• 
Public disclosure is managed daily so as to assure timely communication.

--- Page 268 ---
254 
 
 
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include: (i) the composition of the 
board of directors; (ii) appointment of independent board members; (iii) board committees; (iv) specific 
corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a conflict of 
interest and certain other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué; and (v) the 
information rights in connection with General Assembly meetings. According to the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué, banks may, taking into account the size of their operations and type of their structures, determine 
their corporate governance principles based upon those stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué 
provided that they comply with the principles and procedures set out in the Banking Law and the provisions of 
the other regulations entered into effect in accordance therewith. 
All “Tier 1” and “Tier 2” companies are required to have a number of independent board members that constitute 
at least one-third of the board of directors. However, these companies can apply to the CMB in order to limit 
the number of independent board members to two, irrespective of the ratio of the company’s free-float shares, 
as long as at least 51% of their share capital is equally owned by two independent shareholders contractually 
sharing equal management control but having no direct or indirect shareholding, management or audit 
relationship among themselves, except for banks. “Tier 3” companies do not have to comply with the one-third 
ratio, although they are obliged to have at least two independent directors. Pursuant to Article 6 of Corporate 
Governance Communiqué, banks have discretion in determining the number of independent directors, provided 
that they sustain the minimum requirement of having at least three independent directors. Board members who 
are appointed as an audit committee member within the bank’s organisational structure shall be considered as 
an independent board member within the framework of the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine the 
“independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “Tier 1” companies. Those 
nominated for such positions must be evaluated by the “Nomination Committee” of the board of directors for 
fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. The board of directors is 
required to prepare a list of nominees based on this evaluation for final review by the CMB, which is authorised 
to issue a “negative view” on any nominee and prevent their appointment as independent members of the board 
of directors. The Corporate Governance Communiqué also requires listed companies to establish certain other 
board committees. “Tier 2” and “Tier 3” public companies are not required to go through the CMB 
pre-assessment for the appointment of independent directors, although the nominations must still be evaluated 
by the Nomination Committee. 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board 
members, the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all 
related-party transactions, transactions creating any guarantee, pledge or mortgage in favour of third parties, 
transactions that may result in a conflict of interest with the company or its subsidiaries and certain other 
transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué. For example, material transactions, 
which are described as the lease, transfer or establishment of rights in rem over the total or a substantial part of 
the listed company’s assets, the acquisition or lease of a material asset, must be approved by the majority of the 
independent board members. If the majority of the independent directors do not vote in favour of such board 
resolutions, the relevant transaction will be subject to the approval of the shareholders, which will convene 
without required meeting quorums and where the related parties to those transactions will not be able to vote. 
The foregoing framework also applies to all related-party transactions as well as transactions creating any 
guarantee, pledge or mortgage in favour of third parties. For banks and financial institutions, transactions with 
related parties arising from their ordinary activities are not subject to the requirements of related party 
transactions. 
The Capital Markets Law authorizes the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate 
governance principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with 
the new principles, which include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to 
revoke any unlawful transactions or actions that contradict with these principles. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the mandatory principles under the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué, as well as with applicable requirements for having independent directors. 
In 2007, the CMB had issued a rating communiqué enabling rating agencies to rate companies on the basis of 
their compliance with the applicable principles. In 2008, following a corporate governance rating report issued 
by SAHA Corporate Governance and Credit Rating Services Inc., the Bank was included among the leading

--- Page 269 ---
255 
 
 
companies that form the Borsa Istanbul Corporate Governance Index. The report provided the Bank with a 
corporate governance rating of 8.02 out of 10. Following repeated reviews by SAHA Corporate Governance 
and Credit Rating Services Inc., the Bank’s corporate governance rating was upgraded to 9.58, 9.62 and 9.62 in 
2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively. 
The Bank considers environmental and social governance (“ESG”) factors in its corporate governance strategy. 
The Bank’s approach to sustainability focuses on environmental, social and corporate governance goals. With 
respect to the environment, the Bank’s goal is to address climate change and increase sustainable finance by 
diversifying sustainable product portfolios and integrating climate risks into credit risk modelling. Since the 
Bank started reporting on sustainability in 2010, the Bank has provided Turkey’s first green project finance 
loan, introduced electric-hybrid vehicle loans and operates a zero waste management system in its head offices. 
With respect to social development, the Bank’s goals are to increase financial inclusion for small and medium 
sized enterprises and to develop sector specific policies in relation to responsible banking. The Bank has also 
focused on female employment, has developed online gender equality training for its employees and achieved 
an employee satisfaction rate of 77% according to the Bank’s employee engagement survey conducted in 2020. 
In general, the Bank works to attract new talent for future skills, build a diverse, engaged and trained workforce 
and to provide a flexible and adaptive work environment. Key approaches in this respect include the existence 
of a whistleblower programme and the composition of the board of directors being in line with CMB regulation. 
Compensation 
The Bank’s compensation policy aims to remunerate fairly and in a manner that is consistent with the nature of 
work and structure of the general market or the sector, in order to enhance talent and key staff attraction/retention 
capability and people motivation. The compensation package is composed of base pay and variable pay. The 
variable pay is linked to the realisation of the Bank’s strategic targets. 
In general, base pay depends upon the position and the work completed whilst variable pay depends on 
performance. Thus, the compensation system allows the bank to reward employees according to their level of 
contribution and responsibility in order to reach the goals of the institution. 
Salaries and other benefits paid to the Group’s senior management amounted to TL 49,928 thousand as of 30 
September 2021, TL 92,276  thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 88,601 thousand as of 31 December 2019 
and TL 66,780 thousand as of 31 December 2018. 
Conflicts 
None of the members of the Bank’s Board or Senior Management has any existing or potential conflicts of 
interest with respect to his duties to the Bank and his private interests or other duties.

--- Page 270 ---
256 
 
 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s share capital consisted of 8,447,051 thousand authorised 
shares with a nominal value of TL 0.01 each. The Bank’s shares are listed on the Borsa Istanbul and its global 
depositary receipts are listed on the London Stock Exchange. 
The Bank’s issued and fully paid up share capital was held as of the dates specified as follows: 
 
As of 30 September 2021 
As of 31 December 2020 
As of 31 December 2019 
As of 31 December 2018 
 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
Ownership 
Capital 
 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
(%) 
(TL, 
thousands) 
Shareholders 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Koç Financial Services A.S.(1) .........................  
40.95  
3,459,000  
40.95 
3,459,000  
81.9 
6,918,000 
81.9 
6,918,131 
Koç Holding A.Ş.(2) .........................................  
9.02 
762,000 
9.02  
762,000  
— 
— 
— 
 
UniCredit S.p.A.(2) ...........................................  
20.00  
1,689,000  
20.00 
1,689,000  
— 
— 
— 
 
Others shareholders (minorities) .....................  
30.03  
2,536,000  
30.03  
2,536,000  
18.1 
1,529,000 
18.1 
1,528,920 
Historical share capital ....................................  
100  
8,447,051  
100  
8,447,051 
100 
8,447,051 
100 
8,447,051 
Adjustment to share capital .............................  
 
(60,471) 
 
(60,471)  
 
(60,471) 
 
(60,471) 
Share premium .................................................  
 
556,937  
 
556,937  
 
556,937 
 
556,937 
Total share capital and share premium ......  
 
8,943,517  
 
8,943,517  
 
8,943,517 
 
8,943,517 
(1) As of 31 December 2019, 50% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital were owned by UniCredit S.p.A. and the remaining 50% was owned 
by the Koç Group. Since 5 February 2020, 100% of the shares representing KFS’s share capital is owned by the Koç Group. 
(2) Koç Holding A.Ş. has announced the acquisition of an additional 18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital with a total nominal value of 
TL 1,520,469 thousand, following which Koç Holding A.Ş. will launch a mandatory tender offer pursuant to the rules promulgated by the CMB, 
which may further increase the Koç Group’s stake in the Bank.  UniCredit S.p.A. has announced the sale on the market of its remaining shares in the 
Bank, comprising 2.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital.  For additional information on the announced transaction, see “—Ownership” 
below. 
Ownership 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s controlling shareholder is the Koç Group with a 49.97% stake, 
UniCredit S.p.A., a significant shareholder holds a 20.00% stake and the remaining 30.03% of the Bank’s shares 
are publicly traded and held by minority shareholders. The direct or indirect acquisition of shares, which 
represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank, or the direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of shares 
resulting in the total number of shares held by a shareholder to increase above or fall below 10%, 20%, 33% or 
50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the BRSA. In addition, irrespective of these 
thresholds, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of 
directors or audit committee or issuance of new shares with such privileges is also subject to the authorisation 
of the BRSA.  
Prior to 5 February 2020, the Bank was controlled by Koç Finansal Hizmetler A.Ş. (“KFS”), which was jointly 
owned by the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A.. In November 2019, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. 
reached an agreement to change the Bank’s ownership structure (the “2019 Share Sale and Purchase 
Agreement”). On 5 February 2020, the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A. completed the contemplated share 
transfers, whereby UniCredit S.p.A. reduced its ownership to 31.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital and 
the Koç Group increased its ownership to 49.97%.  Immediately after the completion of the share transfers 
between the Koç Group and UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit S.p.A. announced the launch of a sale through 
accelerated book building of 11.93% of the Bank’s existing share capital to institutional investors.  The sale 
took place on 13 February 2020, reducing UniCredit S.p.A.’s stake to 20.00%. 
In November 2021, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Koç Group announced that pursuant to a right of first offer under 
the 2019 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç Holding”) will acquire an additional 
18.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital from UniCredit S.p.A., with closing of the transaction expected 
in the first quarter of 2022, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions (the “2022 Share 
Acquisition”).  Following the announced 2022 Share Acquisition, the Koç Group is expected to hold 67.97% 
of the Bank’s outstanding share capital, based on the Bank’s current outstanding share capital, and UniCredit 
S.p.A. is expected to no longer remain a significant shareholder in the Bank.  As a result of the 2022 Share 
Acquisition, the Koç Group is expected to surpass a 50% threshold defined in the CMB’s Communique on 
Takover Bids dated 23 January 2014 and numbered 28891 and, accordingly, the Koç Holding will conduct a 
mandatory tender offer after closing of the transaction, which may further increase the Koç Group’s stake in the

--- Page 271 ---
257 
 
 
Bank.  UniCredit S.p.A. has announced the sale on the market of its remaining shares in the Bank, comprising 
2.00% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital. 
Controlling Shareholders 
Koç Financial Services 
KFS is a financial holding company 100% owned by Koç Holding As a result of a transfer of shares on 5 
February 2020, Koç Financial Services became the owner of 40.95% of the Bank. 
Koç Holding A.S. 
Koç Holding is one of Turkey’s largest conglomerates in terms of turnover and exports, with operations in the 
energy, automotive, consumer durables and finance sectors. Koç Holding derives its strength from a large 
distribution network and after sales services, a wide customer base in different business segments together with 
strong customer relationship management capabilities enabling efficient upward and cross selling, leading 
brands and strong recognition and optimum portfolio diversification. In the year ended 31 December 2018, Koç 
Holding had total sales that corresponded to 10% of Turkey’s GDP and exports that comprised 8% of Turkey’s 
total exports. In the year ended 31 December 2019, Koç Holding generated U.S.$55.3 billion in total revenues, 
had total sales that corresponded to 8% of Turkey’s GDP and exports that comprised 9% of Turkey’s total 
exports. In the year ended 31 December 2020, Koç Holding generated U.S.$46.3 billion in combined revenues 
that corresponded to 6.4% of Turkey’s GDP and exports that comprised 6.7% of Turkey’s total exports. 
As a result of the transfer of shares on 5 February 2020, Koç Holding became the sole shareholder of Koç 
Financial Services, which in turn held 40.95% of the Bank’s outstanding share capital. Additionally, Koç 
Holding directly holds 9.02% of of the Bank’s outstanding share capital.  Koç Holding is expected to acquire 
an additional 18.00% in a transaction expected to close in 2022, which will be followed by a mandatory tender 
offer that may further increase the Koç Group’s stake in the Bank, as described further under “—Ownership” 
above. 
UniCredit S.p.A. Relationship 
As described further under “—Ownership” above, UniCredit S.p.A. is expected to no longer remain a significant 
shareholder in the Bank following the completion in the first quarter of 2022 of a sale of shares to the Bank’s 
controlling shareholder, Koç Holding, and the sale on the market of its remaining shares in the Bank thereafter.

--- Page 272 ---
258 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Related parties include entities that are directors, shareholders or affiliates of, or entities under common 
management or control with, the Bank. Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control 
the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial or operational decisions. 
The Group is controlled by the Koç Group. UniCredit S.p.A. has significant influence over the Group. 
All of the related-party credit applications must go through the Group’s normal credit review process. All 
extensions of credit to the related parties are made on an arm’s length basis and the credit and payment terms in 
respect of such credits are no more favourable than those offered to third parties. 
The Banking Law places limits on a bank’s exposure to related parties. Under the Banking Law, the total amount 
of loans to be extended by a bank to its risk group must not be more than 20% of its own funds. As of 30 
September 2021, the Bank’s total net exposure to its risk group totalled TL 7,961,901 thousand, an amount 
corresponding to 12% of its own funds; the Bank is therefore within the limits of the Banking Law in terms of 
its exposure to its subsidiaries and other affiliates. 
The following tables show the loans of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
 
For the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Loans and other receivables 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the period .................  
40,512  
3,498  
969,369  
898,824  
  5,231,297  
  2,078,697  
Balance at the end of the period ...........................  
13,343  
2,638  
1,944,879  
1,225,747  
6,136,400  
2,946,969  
Interest and commission income received .................  
605  
30  
27,507  
6,288  
508,238  
9,562  
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Loans and other receivables 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the period ................... 
4,654  
3,351  
815,658  
1,199,169  
  2,568,348  
  3,147,488  
Balance at the end of the period ............................. 
40,512  
3,498  
969,369  
898,824  
5,231,297  
2,078,697  
Interest and commission income received ................... 
213  
40  
17,333  
6,841  
325,462  
10,768  
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2019(3) 
 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Loans and other receivables 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the period .................  
8,537 
73,717 
585,510 
1,351,956 
3,823,152 
4,218,277 
Balance at the end of the period ...........................  
4,654 
3,351 
815,658 
1,199,169 
2,568,348 
3,147,488 
Interest and commission income received .................  
2,553 
174 
27,139 
6,042 
366,083 
20,183 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
(3) ‘Interest and commission income received’ is presented for the nine months ended 30 September 2019.

--- Page 273 ---
259 
 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the 
Group 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
Cash 
Non cash 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Loans and other receivables 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the period ................... 
8,523 
10,130 
413,696 
1,358,830 
2,582,313 
3,078,551 
Balance at the end of the period ............................. 
8,537 
73,717 
585,510 
1,351,956 
3,823,152 
4,218,277 
Interest and commission income received ................... 
1,033  
107  
19,219  
5,861  
322,795  
15,967  
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes loans and due from banks, as well as marketable securities. 
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s risk group(1)(2) 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2021 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020(3) 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2021 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020(3) 
For the nine 
months ended 
30 September 
2021 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020(3) 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Beginning of the period .. 
228,452  
      96,427  
24,513,619  
 34,185,545  
 30,833,207  
 22,510,602  
End of the period ............ 
266,367 
228,452  
30,461,578 
24,513,619  
36,486,560 
30,833,207  
Interest 
expense 
on 
deposits ........................... 
4,778 
3,260 
1,223,483 
775,947 
1,339,464 
665,480 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits. 
(3) ‘Interest expense on deposits’ is presented for the nine months ended 30 September 2020. 
 
The following table shows the deposits of the Group’s risk group for the periods indicated: 
 
Associates, subsidiaries and 
joint ventures 
Direct and indirect shareholders 
of the Bank 
Other real and legal persons 
that have been included in the 
risk group 
Group’s 
risk 
group(1)(2) 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Beginning 
of 
the 
period ....................... 
       4,654  
       3,351  
   815,658  
1,199,169  
  2,568,348  
  3,147,488  
End of the period ...... 
40,512  
3,498  
969,369  
898,824  
5,231,297  
2,078,697  
Interest expense on 
deposits .................... 
284  
54  
22,801  
9,377  
446,716  
13,859  
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The information in the table above includes borrowings, marketable securities issued and repo transactions, as well as deposits.

--- Page 274 ---
260 
 
 
The following table shows the forward and option agreements and other derivative instruments with the Group’s 
risk group for the periods indicated: 
 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1) 
For the 
ninemonth
s ended 30 
September 
2021 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2020(4) 
For the 
nine 
months 
ended 30 
September 
2021 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2020 (4) 
For the 
nine 
months 
ended 30 
September 
2021 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2020 (4) 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Transactions at fair value through 
profit or loss(2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Beginning of the period(3) ......................  
— 
— 
1,573,859  
563,016  
1,585,212  
10,730,513  
End of the period(3) ................................  
— 
— 
7,796,109 
1,573,859  
    6,667,816 
1,585,212  
Total profit/loss ....................................  
— 
— 
30,785 
(7,037) 
55,239 
(267,195) 
Transactions for hedging purposes(2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Beginning of the period(3) ......................  
— 
— 
516,747  
1,059,016  
— 
— 
End of the period(3) ................................  
— 
— 
520,301 
516,747  
— 
— 
Total profit/loss ....................................  
— 
— 
20,301 
16,729 
— 
— 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The Bank’s derivate instruments are classified as “Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” or “Derivate financial 
instruments held for hedging” according to TAS 39. 
 
(3) The balances at the beginning and end of the periods are disclosed as the total of buy and sell amounts of derivate financial 
instruments. 
(4) ‘Total profit/loss’ is presented for the nine months ended 30 September 2020. 
The following table shows the forward and option agreements and other derivative instruments with the Group’s 
risk group for the periods indicated: 
 
Associates, subsidiaries 
and joint ventures 
Direct and indirect 
shareholders of the Bank 
Other real and legal 
persons that have been 
included in the risk 
group 
Group’s risk group(1) 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2020 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2019 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2020 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2019 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2020 
For the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2019 
 
(TL, thousands) 
Transactions at fair value through 
profit or loss(2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Beginning of the period(3) ....................... 
— 
— 
563,016  
3,330,535 
10,730,513  
983,564 
End of the period(3) ................................. 
— 
— 
1,573,859  
563,016 
   1,585,212  
10,730,513 
Total profit/loss ..................................... 
— 
— 
(17,596) 
(14,966) 
(170,836) 
58,698 
Transactions for hedging purposes(2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Beginning of the period(3) ....................... 
— 
— 
1,059,016  
1,456,586 
— 
— 
End of the period(3) ................................. 
— 
— 
516,747  
1,059,016 
— 
— 
Total profit/loss ..................................... 
— 
— 
16,747  
9,016 
— 
— 
____________ 
(1) Defined in subsection 2 of the 49th article of Banking Act No.5411. 
(2) The Bank’s derivate instruments are classified as “Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” or “Derivate financial 
instruments held for hedging” according to TAS 39. 
(3) The balances at the beginning and end of the periods are disclosed as the total of buy and sell amounts of derivate financial 
instruments. 
In December 2013, the Bank repaid a EUR 350 million subordinated loan facility advanced by Goldman Sachs 
International and received a new subordinated loan facility from UniCredit Bank Austria AG in the amount of 
U.S.$470 million.  The Bank repaid U.S.$200 million in January 2019 and U.S.$ 200 million remains 
outstanding. The new facility has a ten-year maturity.

--- Page 275 ---
261 
 
 
TURKISH BANKING SYSTEM 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking market has been provided for background purposes 
only. The information has been extracted from third party sources that the Bank believes to be reliable but the 
Bank has not independently verified such information. 
The data provided in this section has been derived from information of the Banks Association of Turkey. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, data as of 30 September 2019, 31 December 2019, 31 March 2020, 30 June 
2020, 30 September 2020 and 30 September 2021 were available. 
As at 30 September 2021, 47 banks were operating in Turkey (excluding two banks under the administration of 
the SDIF and six participation banks). Three of these banks were public sector commercial banks, eight were 
privately owned deposit banks, 21 were foreign banks (including branches of foreign banks, banks with majority 
foreign shareholding and joint ventures between Turkish and foreign shareholders), and 15 were domestic 
development and investment banks (four of which having foreign shareholding and three having public 
shareholding). There were also six participation banks in Turkey, which conducted their business under the 
relevant legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles. The former Banking Law numbered 4389 
(the “Former Banking Law”) was replaced by the Banking Law on 1 November 2005 and the secondary 
Turkish banking legislation has changed substantially between 2005 and 2021. The Banking Law permits 
commercial banks to engage in all fields of financial activities including deposit taking, corporate and consumer 
lending, foreign exchange transactions, certain capital markets activities, securities trading and investment 
banking (except collecting participation funds) and financial leasing activities. 
The Turkish banking system has become increasingly competitive over the last decade. The expansion of the 
Turkish banking sector was initially fuelled by economic growth and the liberalisation of the economy and went 
through a rapid and significant consolidation as many banks with weaker financial standing were taken over by 
the SDIF and removed from the sector. The Government has also contributed to structural improvements in the 
banking system through various regulatory arrangements, including standardised accounting practices, external 
auditing, higher capital adequacy standards, stricter treatment of non-performing credits and the proposed 
phasing out of deposit insurance. The objective of these regulatory changes has been to strengthen the banking 
sector and to increase the transparency and overall efficiency of the Turkish banking sector. 
Following the financial crisis in 2001, the BRSA started to intervene actively in the banking sector. The BRSA 
is an autonomous and independent body and is the sole regulatory and supervisory authority for the Turkish 
banking system. The BRSA required privately-owned commercial banks that had the authority to accept 
deposits to undergo a three-tier audit process in 2001, which was strictly monitored by the BRSA. The three-tier 
audit process was then by far the most comprehensive audit completed on Turkish banks, comprising a full audit 
by two independent auditors as well as BRSA auditors. A detailed analysis of each bank’s cash flows was 
undertaken, with a significant proportion of its credits being evaluated and an aggressive position taken on 
classifying credits as non-performing. The most conservative of the three audit reports was then delivered to the 
BRSA to enable it to evaluate each bank’s financial position. This process was completed by mid-2002. 
Moreover, in line with the regulations of the Former Banking Law, banks established risk management 
departments reporting directly to their respective boards of directors. Accordingly, since 2002 risks taken by 
Turkish banks in terms of market, credit and operations are required to be calculated and monitored by these 
risk management departments.

--- Page 276 ---
262 
 
 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Turkey as of (or for the period ended on) 
the indicated dates. 
 
As of (or for the year ended) 
 
31 October 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
 
(TL, millions, except percentages) 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans(1) .................................  
4,022,239 
3,434,336 
2,308,603 
2,088,599 
1,857,493 
1,546,384 
Total assets ..........................  
6,819,259 
5,669,296 
3,904,022 
3,403,305 
2,922,704 
2,455,366 
Customer deposits ...............  
3,937,296 
3,142,205 
2,351,444 
1,899,352 
1,605,926 
1,372,359 
Shareholders’ equity ............  
631,465 
571,984 
425,808 
367,745 
314,519 
262,503 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income ..............  
173,457 
201,031 
154,381 
139,267 
107,965 
76,733 
Net fees and commission 
income ..................................  
48,170 
43,175 
47,460 
35,590 
27,692 
23,093 
Total income ........................  
234,370 
265,236 
214,814 
188,977 
143,436 
113,339 
Net Profit .............................  
62,603 
54,786 
46,404 
52,026 
47,064 
26,124 
Key ratios 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to customer deposits 
ratio ......................................  
97.1% 
103.57% 
98.20% 
110.00% 
116.40% 
113.50% 
Net interest margin(2)  ...........  
3.5% 
4.22% 
4.00% 
4.00% 
3.80% 
3.70% 
Return 
on 
average 
shareholders’ equity .............  
12.5% 
10.51% 
11.10% 
15.00% 
16.50% 
15.00% 
Capital adequacy ratio .........  
16.8% 
18.32% 
18.00% 
16.90% 
16.40% 
15.10% 
___________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
Note: 
Banks controlled by the SDIF and participation banks are not included in these figures. 
(1) 
Due to the implementation of TFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, NPLs were excluded from the “Loans” line item as of 31 December 2018, 2019 
and 2020.  As such, NPLs have been excluded from the “Loans” line items as of 31 December 2016 and 2017 for comparison purposes. 
(2) 
Calculated as net interest income/(expense) divided by the average interest-earning assets (securities, performing loans and other interest-
earning assets) for the applicable period. 
 
For a discussion of competition in the Turkish banking sector please see “Business of the Bank—Competition.”

--- Page 277 ---
263 
 
 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Turkey are governed by two primary regulatory authorities in 
Turkey, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Former Banking Law established the BRSA, which ensures that banks observe banking legislation, 
supervises the application of banking legislation and monitors the banking system. Accordingly, the BRSA is 
authorised and obliged to take all steps to assure the effective functioning of the credit system in Turkey and to 
prevent all transactions and practices which could jeopardise the disciplined and safe functioning of the Turkish 
banking sector. The BRSA has administrative and financial autonomy. The Banking Law, which abolished and 
replaced the Former Banking Law, came into force upon publication thereof in the Official Gazette dated 
1 November 2005. The Banking Law was passed to increase confidence and stability in financial markets, 
ensure efficient operation of the credit system, and protect the rights and interest of deposit holders. The Banking 
Law includes provisions regarding capital adequacy, efficiency of control and audit to be carried out by the 
BRSA, creation of market discipline, and enforcing liability insurance requirements for third party service 
providers to banks, such as sworn auditors and credit rating agencies. Historically, its head office has been in 
Ankara. However, as of 13 February 2011 and pursuant to Law No. 6111, the head office was relocated to 
Istanbul. 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the 
issuance of bank notes, implementation of the Government’s fiscal and monetary policies, regulation of the 
money supply, management of official gold and foreign exchange reserves, supervision of the banking system 
and advising the Government on financial matters. The Central Bank is empowered to determine the inflation 
target together with the Government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. 
The Central Bank exercises its powers independently and is responsible for its affairs within the bounds of the 
Government’s defined policies. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Turkey, including foreign banks. The Central 
Bank sets mandatory reserve levels and liquidity ratios. In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, 
on a current basis, information adequate to permit off site evaluation of its financial performance, including 
balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ reports and auditors’ reports. Under current practice, 
such reporting is required on a daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and semi-annual basis, depending on the nature 
of the information to be reported. Official certified bank auditors, who are responsible for the onsite examination 
of banks, implement the provisions of the Banking Law and other related legislation, examine on behalf of the 
BRSA all banking operations and analyse the relationship between assets, liabilities, net worth, profit and loss 
accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks, 
as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057 (the 
“Internal Systems Regulation”), banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all 
of their consolidated affiliates) internal audit and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and 
structure of their activities, in compliance with the provisions of the regulation. Pursuant to such regulation, the 
internal audit and risk management systems are to be vested in a department of the bank that has the necessary 
independence to accomplish its purpose and such department will report to the bank’s board of directors. To 
achieve this, according to the regulation, the internal control personnel cannot also be appointed to work in a 
role conflicting with their internal control duties. The Internal Systems Regulation also requires banks to 
internally calculate the amount of capital required to cover the risks to which they are or may be exposed on a 
consolidated basis and with a forward-looking perspective, taking into account the bank’s near- and medium-
term business and strategic plans. This process, referred to as the “Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process,” should be designed according to the bank’s needs and risk attitude and should constitute an integral 
part of the decision-making process and corporate culture of the bank. In this context, each bank is required to 
prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) representing the bank’s 
own assessment of its capital requirements. An ICAAP Report is required to be submitted annually to the BRSA, 
together with the stress test analysis, the internal audit report on the internal capital adequacy assessment process 
and the model validation report by the end of March of the following year. The board of directors of a bank is 
responsible for maintenance of adequate equity to ensure establishment and implementation of the ICAAP 
Report.

--- Page 278 ---
264 
 
 
Pursuant to the recent amendments introduced to the Banking Law, the Central Bank has been empowered to 
determine maximum interest rates for lending and deposit taking activities of banks, as well as fees, expenses 
and commissions charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activities. 
The Turkish Banking Association acts as a limited organisation of supervision and coordination. All banks in 
Turkey are obliged to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, 
the association aims to examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its 
regulatory and disciplinary functions, it does not possess any powers to regulate banking. 
Shareholding 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any 
bank or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a person if the total number of shares 
held by such person increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, 
requires the permission of the BRSA in order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated 
with such shares. In addition, irrespective of these thresholds, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares 
with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors or audit committee or issuance of new shares with 
such privileges is also subject to authorisation by the BRSA. In the absence of such authorisation, a holder of 
such thresholds of shares cannot be registered in the share register, which effectively deprives such shareholder 
of the ability to participate in shareholder meetings or to exercise voting or other shareholders’ rights with 
respect to the shares but not of the right to collect dividends declared on such shares. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for ensuring that shareholders attending general assemblies have 
obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA. If the BRSA determines that a shareholder has exercised 
voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due authorisation as 
described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a bank to cancel 
any applicable general assembly resolutions. If the shares are obtained on the stock exchange, then the BRSA 
may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or transfer shares as 
described in the preceding paragraph without BRSA authorisation. Unless and until a shareholder obtains the 
necessary share transfer approvals from the BRSA, the SDIF has the authority to exercise such voting and other 
shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and priority rights) attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
Turkish law sets out certain limits on the asset profile of banks and other financial institutions designed to protect 
those institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties), in 
particular: 
• 
Credits extended in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as large 
credits and the total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity. In 
this context, credits include cash credits and non-cash credits such as letters of guarantee, counter 
guarantees, sureties, avals, endorsements and acceptances extended by a bank, bonds and similar capital 
market instruments purchased by it, loans (whether deposits or other), receivables arising from the 
future sales of assets, overdue cash credits, accrued but not collected interest, amounts of non-cash 
credits converted into cash and futures and options and other similar contracts, partnership interests and 
shareholding interests. 
• 
The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% 
of its equity capital. In calculating such limit, a credit extended to a partnership is deemed to be extended 
to the partners in proportion to their liabilities. A risk group is defined as an individual, his or her spouse 
and children and partnerships in which any one of such persons is a director or general manager, deputy 
general managers and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent or higher positions 
in the hierarchy as well as partnerships that are directly or indirectly controlled by any one of such 
persons, either individually or jointly with third parties, or in which any one of such persons participate 
with unlimited liability. Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more of the bank’s voting 
rights or the right to nominate board members, its board members, general manager, deputy general 
managers and, notwithstanding their title, managers employed in equivalent or higher positions in the 
hierarchy, and his or her spouse or children and partnerships directly or indirectly, individually or

--- Page 279 ---
265 
 
 
jointly, controlled by any of these persons or a partnership in which these persons participate with 
unlimited liability or in which these persons act as directors or general managers constitute a risk group, 
for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of a bank’s equity capital, subject to the BRSA’s 
discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to the legal limit. 
• 
Loans made available to a bank’s controlling shareholders or registered shareholders holding more than 
1% of the share capital of the bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s capital 
equity. 
The BRSA determines the permissible ratio of non-cash loans, futures and options, other similar transactions, 
avals, acceptances, guarantees and sureties, and bills of exchange, bonds and other similar capital markets 
instruments issued or guaranteed by, and credit and other financial instruments and other contracts entered into 
with, governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA for the purpose of 
calculation of loan limits. 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above mentioned 
lending limits: 
• 
transactions backed by cash, cash-like assets and accounts and precious metals; 
• 
transactions carried out with the Undersecretariat of Treasury, Central Bank, Privatisation 
Administration, the Mass Housing Administration, Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş. and Turkish 
Sovereign Wealth Fund, as well as the transactions carried out against bills, bonds and similar securities 
issued or guaranteed by these institutions; 
• 
transactions carried out with the Central Bank and in legally organised money markets; 
• 
in case of new credit allocations to the same person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks and 
credit cards), valuations prompted by the changes in currency rates in credits denominated or indexed 
to foreign currencies, and interests, profit shares and other such issues accrued on overdue credits; 
• 
bonus shares (scrip issues) received as a result of capital increases, and any increase in the value of 
shares not requiring any fund outflow; 
• 
interbank operations within the framework of the principles set out by the BRSA; 
• 
shares acquired within the framework of underwriting services for public offering activities provided 
that such shares are disposed of in the time and manner determined by the BRSA; 
• 
transactions considered as “deductibles” in the shareholders’ equity account; and 
• 
other transactions to be determined by the board of the BRSA (the “BRSB”). 
Loan Loss Reserves 
Procedures relating to loan loss reserves for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in regulations 
issued by the BRSA. According to this article, banks must formulate implement and regularly review policies 
regarding compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other 
receivables and to reserve an adequate level of provisions against impairment in the value of other assets, for 
qualification and classification of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value 
and reliability. In addition, such policies must address issues such as monitoring the loans, follow up procedures 
and the repayment of overdue loans. Banks must also establish and operate systems to perform these functions. 
All special provisions set aside for loans and other receivables in accordance with this article are considered as 
expenditures deductible from the corporate tax base in the year they are set aside. 
On 22 June 2016, the BRSA has published the 2016 Provisioning Regulation which entered into force on 1 
January 2018 in lieu of the Regulation on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receiveables published in 
the Official Gazette dated 1 November 2006 and No. 26333. The 2016 Provisioning Regulation aims at ensuring 
compliance with the requirements of IFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Programme, which is a joint 
programme by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. The 2016 Provisioning Regulation 
requires banks to have adopted Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9, which is the TFRS 9 compliant

--- Page 280 ---
266 
 
 
financial reporting standards of Turkey (“TFRS 9”) principles, (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) 
related to the assessment of credit risk by the end of 2017 and to set aside general provisions in line with such 
principles. According to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, the banks are still required to classify their loans 
and receivables in groups, but there are certain changes in the content of the groups compared to the Regulation 
on Provisions and Classification of Loans and Receivables. Please note that group classification and provision 
levels for periods before and after 1 January 2018 are not directly comparable. Pursuant to the 2016 Provisioning 
Regulation, banks are required to classify their loans and receivables into one of the following groups: 
(a) Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature and Other Receivables: 
This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, includes other 
receivables and shall be understood as such elsewhere in this Base Prospectus):  
(i) 
that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities; 
(ii) 
the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the solvency 
and cash flow of the debtor; 
(iii) 
repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for more than 
30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the ability 
to be collected in full without recourse to any security; 
(iv) 
in respect of which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been 
found; and 
(v) 
to which 12 months expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA announced, as part of the 
measures taken against the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, a temporary rule (effective until 30 
September 2021, as per a further decision of the BRSA dated 17 June 2021 and numbered 9624) 
providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (iii) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in loans remaining 
categorised as Group I loans longer and then moving into Group II loans at 90 days.  
According to the announcement by the BRSA on 16 September 2021, the BRSA has extended the 
exchange rate forbearance in capital calculations until otherwise decided by the board of the BRSA, 
while ending the loan classification forbearance on 30 September 2021. Forbearance measures 
regarding the recognition of NPLs and Stage 2 loans ended on 30 September 2021, though they will 
continue indefinitely for Stage 1 loans that were overdue by 31-90 days as of 1 October 2021 and Stage 
2 loans that were overdue by 91-180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
The uncollectible loans that are written-off after having reserved requisite provisions are considered to 
be bad debt within the context of Article 322 of the Tax Procedural Law No. 213. 
(b) Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring: 
This group involves each loan:  
(i) 
that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural and legal persons and where negative 
changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted due to adverse 
events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, or other 
adverse events solely related to the respective debtor; 
(ii) 
that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk carried by 
the debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan; 
(iii) 
in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest payments in 
accordance with the conditions of the loan agreement, and where the failure to resolve such 
problems might result in risk of non-collection in full without recourse to any security;

--- Page 281 ---
267 
 
 
(iv) 
where although the credit standing of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its credit 
standing on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of a weakening due to the debtor’s 
irregular and unmanageable cash flow; 
(v) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more than 30 but 
less than 90 days following its payment due date (including the maturity date) for reasons that 
cannot be interpreted as a weakening in credit standing; 
(vi) 
in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant to TFRS 9; 
(vii) 
repayments of which are fully dependent upon security and the net realisable value of such 
security falls under the receivable amount; 
(viii) 
that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II without being 
able to be classified as an NPL; or 
(ix) 
that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and classified as a 
performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA announced, as part of the 
measures taken against the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, a temporary rule (effective until 31 
December 2020) providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (v) is replaced with 90 days, resulting 
in loans remaining categorised as Group I loans longer and then moving into Group II loans at 90 days. 
The BRSA announced on 17 June 2021 that this temporary rule will be effective extended until 30 
September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA further announced that this temporary rule would 
expire as of 30 September 2021, however, the temporary rule continues to apply indefinitely to the loans 
that were overdue for more than 31 days but less than 90 days as of 1 October 2021.  Since the beginning 
of the implementation the Group has been setting aside additional provisions for these portfolios aligned 
with IFRS 9 regulations.  
(c) Group III: Loans with Limited Collection Possibility: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened; 
(ii) 
that has limited possibility for the collection of the full amount without recourse to any security 
due to the insufficiency of net realizable value of the security or the debtor’s equity to meet the 
repayment of the full amount on the due date, and that would likely result in losses in case such 
problems are not resolved; 
(iii) 
collection of the principal and interest (or both) of which has/have been delayed for more than 
90 days but not more than 180 days from the payment due date; 
(iv) 
in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of the principal 
or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the payment due date 
owing to reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working capital or in creating 
additional liquidity as a result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector 
in which the debtor operates or other adverse events solely related to the debtor; or 
(v) 
that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or interest 
payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of a restructuring 
or have been subject to another restructuring within such one year of the previous restructuring. 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) 
providing that the 90 days referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) are replaced with 180 days, resulting in 
loans remaining categorised as Group II loans longer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
temporary rule does not provide any guidance as to classification of loans with payment delays of more 
than 180 days; however, it might be the case that such loans would bypass Group III and become Group 
IV loans. This temporary rule also suspended the application of clause (v) through 31 December 2020. 
On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (other than

--- Page 282 ---
268 
 
 
the suspension of the application of clause (v)) was on 17 June 2021 further extended through 30 
September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that this temporary rule would expire 
as of 30 September 2021, however, the temporary rule continues to apply indefinitely to the loans that 
were overdue for more than 91 days but less than 180 days as of 1 October 2021.  
(d) Group IV: Loans with Doubtful Collection Possibility: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be collected in full under the 
terms of the loan agreement without recourse to any security; 
(ii) 
in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly deteriorated, but which 
loan is not yet considered as an actual loss by virtue of contribution expected from factors such 
as merger, the possibility of finding new financing or a capital increase to the debtor’s 
creditworthiness and the collection possibility of the credit; 
(iii) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
180 days but less than one year following its payment due date (including the maturity date); 
or 
(iv) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be overdue for more 
than 180 days following its payment due date (including the maturity date) as a result of adverse 
events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or adverse 
events solely related to the debtor. 
(e) Group V: Loans Having the Nature of Loss: 
This group involves each loan: 
(i) 
for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no collection is 
expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be collected; 
(ii) 
although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the total 
receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding one 
year; or 
(iii) 
the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
one year following its payment due date. 
On 6 July 2021, the BRSA amended the Provisioning Regulation such that the portion of the loans classified in 
Group V, for which loans allowance for credit losses expected throughout their life or special provisions have 
been set out, and, in respect of which portion there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, is to be written-off 
under TFRS 9 after the first reporting period (interim period or yearend reporting period) following their 
classification in Group V, within a period deemed appropriate by the bank specific to the circumstances of the 
relevant debtor. Accordingly, such bank must set out such period with justifications and have it available for 
inspection. In the first six months ending 30 June 2021, the Group wrote-off TL 1 bln worth of loans. 
Pursuant to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, loans: (a) that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) the 
debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal 
Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in the Official Gazette dated 
23 October 2015 and numbered 29511)  or (c) to which, as a result of a debtor’s default, the lifetime expected 
credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9 are classified as NPLs. Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs 
on the basis of their nominal amounts in situations where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has 
occurred or (ii) the debt assumed under the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the 
circumstances stated in limbs (a), (b) or (c) above. If several loans have been extended to a debtor by the same 
bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans extended to such debtor by such bank 
shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans is classified as an NPL, 
other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable group other than 
Group I. If loans extended to a debtor are classified as an NPL, the creditworthiness of other debtors within the 
same risk group with that debtor should be evaluated at the date of classification as NPL of that debtor’s loans.

--- Page 283 ---
269 
 
 
Accordingly, the loans extended to such other debtors should also be classified as an NPL if such loans fall 
within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in limbs (a), (b) or (c) above. 
The 2016 Provisioning Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of the 
“reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans. As for the reclassification of loans, banks are required to evaluate 
such loans with a view as to whether such loans are to be reclassified under different groups, such evaluation is 
to be made at least once during each three-month financial statement term or (irrespective of this period) upon 
the occurrence of developments that pose a risk on such debtor’s performance of its obligations, in 
macroeconomic circumstances, or in the sector in which the respective debtor operates, or solely related to the 
respective debtor regardless of the macroeconomic circumstances and the sector. Such evaluation shall be 
conducted independently from the credit and risk analysis made at the time of the extension of the loan.  
The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following conditions: (a) all overdue 
repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as an NPL have been collected in full without 
recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there has been no overdue repayment and the 
last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned in limb (a)) have been realised in 
full by their due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled. 
Furthermore, loans (i) that have been fully or partially excluded from the assets of the banks, (ii) security for 
which has been enforced to satisfy the debt or (iii) repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be 
classified as a performing loan. According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and numbered 
8095 and dated 1 August 2019 and numbered 5477, CGF guaranteed loans and loans restructured within the 
scope of the Framework Agreement (as defined in the “Recent Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and 
Restructurings Regime” section below) will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an amount overdue for 
more than 90 days following the due date; however, pursuant to the March 2020 amendments to the rules, the 
90 day limit was increased to 180 days until 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this 
temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 30 September 
2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that this temporary rule would expire as of 30 September 
2021, however, the temporary rule continues to apply indefinitely to the loans that were overdue for more than 
91 days but less than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan is defined as privileges granted to a debtor who faces or would probably face financial 
difficulties in relation to the repayment of the loan, to which privileges would not be granted to other debtors 
not facing such repayment difficulties. These privileges consist of: (a) amendments to the conditions of the loan 
agreement or (b) partial or full refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a 
restructured loan under Group II subject to the following conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing 
of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions for the applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have 
disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL for at least one year following a restructuring, (iii) as 
of the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has been no delay in principal and/or interest payments 
or any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or principal payments 
excluded from assets in relation to the restructured loan have been collected. Furthermore, such restructured 
NPL being reclassified as a performing restructured Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the 
restructuring if all the following conditions are met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan 
under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10% of the outstanding debt amount has been repaid during 
such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay of more than 30 days in principal and/or 
interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such monitoring period and (D) the 
financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists. On 15 August 2018, the BRSA 
published an amendment regulation to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, introducing the possibility of a 
performing restructured loan being classified as a Group I loan, after being monitored as a restructured loan at 
least for three months and if the conditions (C) and (D), above, are met (without seeking the satisfaction of 
conditions (A) and (B), above). Further, the same amendment regulation has provided that changes to the loan 
terms for, or partial or full refinancing of, the companies, the loans of which are classified as Group I and that 
are not in distress, will not be classified as restructuring and may be monitored under Group I.  
Pursuant to the 2016 Provisioning Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply provisions for their loans 
pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to apply the applicable 
provisions set forth in the 2016 Provisioning Regulation instead of those required by TFRS 9, subject to the 
presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-months 
expected credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in

--- Page 284 ---
270 
 
 
credit risk profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve 
set aside due to debtor’s default” is considered as special provisions.  
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions 
Regulation, which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the 
portion of a loan for which a lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to 
the debtor’s default and that is classified under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such 
portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be written down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal 
reporting period following its classification under Group V.   
Banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to determine their general 
and special provisions in accordance with Articles 10 and 11 of the 2016 Provisioning Regulation. In this 
respect, such banks shall set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 3.0% of their total cash loans portfolio 
under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and derivatives, general provisions to be 
set aside shall be calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-weighted amounts determined 
pursuant to the 2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation. Subject to the presence of a written pledge or assignment 
agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, participation funds and gold deposit accounts; bonds that are issued 
by the Turkish government and the Central Bank, and guarantees and sureties provided by such, are not subject 
to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the Turkish government and the Central Bank are not to 
be considered in such calculation. As to special provisions, banks are required to comply with provision rules 
for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V at 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively. 
In respect of both general and special provisions, banks are required to consider country and transfer risks. In 
addition, the BRSA may increase such provision requirements on the basis of banks or loans, taking into account 
the concentration from time to time in matters such as loans’ size, type, due date, currency, interest structure, 
sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, security, and the credit risk level and 
management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under 
TFRS 9, the 2016 Provisioning Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the 
net realisable values of the collaterals, from the borrower's NPLs as follows: 
Discount Ratio 
(%) 
Category I Collateral ............................................................................................................ 
100 
Category II Collateral ........................................................................................................... 
80 
Category III Collateral .......................................................................................................... 
60 
Category IV Collateral ......................................................................................................... 
40 
Category V Collateral ........................................................................................................... 
20 
 
According to the amendments to the Equity Regulation (as defined below) and the 2016 Capital Adequacy 
Regulation that will become effective as of 1 January 2022, general provisions will, from that date, no longer 
be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and will be deducted 
from their risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines capital adequacy as having adequate equity against losses that could arise 
from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, perpetuate and report 
their capital adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 8%. 
Despite the 8% minimum capital adequacy ratio requirement, the BRSA has declared in the press that its 
approach is, and will continue to be, to prohibit banks with a capital adequacy ratio less than 12% from opening 
new branches. 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank 
and to revise the risk weights of assets that are based upon participation accounts, but must consider each bank’s 
internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures.

--- Page 285 ---
271 
 
 
In order to implement the rules of the report entitled “A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks 
and Banking Systems” published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 and 
revised in June 2011 into Turkish law, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements in 
September 2013 and enacted its new regulations, the Regulation on Equity as published in the Official Gazette 
dated 5 September 2013 and numbered 28756 (the “Equity Regulation”), and amendments to the Regulation 
on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks (which was later replaced by the 2016 
Capital Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016), both of which entered into effect on 1 January 
2014. The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations 
and communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 No. 29511 and 20 January 2016 
No. 29599) in accordance with the Basel Committee’s RCAP, which is conducted by the Bank for BIS and 
reviews Turkey’s compliance with Basel regulations. These amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 
2016, include revisions to the Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation. 
Pursuant to Article 44/3 of the Banking Law and Article 14 of the BRSA Regulation, the net worth of a bank 
(i.e., the bank’s equity) consists of main capital and supplementary capital minus capital deductions. The Equity 
Regulation defines the capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., Tier I capital), which is 
composed of core capital and additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier I capital) and (b) supplementary 
capital (i.e., Tier II capital) minus capital deductions. The Equity Regulation was amended on 11 July 2017, to 
remove certain capital deduction items such as real estate and goods held by the banks in specific circumstances.  
The BRSA published the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016 (the 
“Capital Adequacy Regulation”) and replaced the former regulation, namely the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of Banks, which was published in the Official Gazette 
dated 28 June 2012 and numbered 28337. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation: (i) both the minimum 
core capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated core capital adequacy ratio are 4.5% and (ii) both the 
minimum Tier I capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated Tier I capital ratio are 6.0%. The Capital 
Adequacy Regulation maintained the capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation, but changed 
the risk weights of certain items. 
Accordingly, pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, risk weights of certain assets are decreased such as:  
i. 
the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%,  
ii. 
the risk weights of consumer loans (excluding residential mortgage loans and credit cards) qualifying 
as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation and 
instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their outstanding 
tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor); provided that such receivables are not re-classified as non-
performing loans (donuk alacaklar) (however, the BRSA is entitled to apply an increased risk weighting 
with respect to certain categories of such loans and instalment payments of credit cards if it is in the 
opinion that the default statistics justify the application of that, and with its decision on 1 July 2021 
numbered 9645, it decided to apply (a) a risk weighting of 100% in respect of instalment payments of 
individuals’ credit cards with a tenor from 1 month up to 6 months (including a tenor of 6 months), and 
150% for those with a tenor exceeding that, and (b) a risk weighting of 100% in respect of consumer 
loans (excluding residential mortgage loans and credit cards) with a tenor from 1 month up to 12 months 
(including a tenor of 12 months), and 150% for those with a tenor exceeding that); and 
iii. 
the credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%, provided 
that those can be cancelled at any time by the bank without any condition or in an automatic and 
effective manner due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the debtor.  
While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the Turkish sovereign and the Central 
Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks be risk-weighted 
according to their credit assessment, which currently results in a 100% risk weighting for Turkey; however, the 
Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Turkey (i.e., the “Turkish National Discretion”) revised 
this general rule by providing that all Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Turkey and the 
Central Bank shall have a 0% risk weight. According to the guidance published by the BRSA on 24 February 
2017, foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank and with further guidance published by 
the BRSA on 16 April 2020 with its decision numbered 8999, all exposures to the Central Government of Turkey 
regardless of the denomination will now also be subject to a 0% risk weight. In response to the COVID-19

--- Page 286 ---
272 
 
 
pandemic, on 23 March 2020, the BRSA announced temporary regulatory forbearance measures (the 
“Temporary Forbearances”) that allowed banks to: (i) in their financial statements from 31 March 2020 
through 31 December 2020, use the foreign exchange buying rates that are used in their 2019 year-end financial 
statements for TL conversion of FX denominated risk weighted assets, (ii) if the net valuation differences of the 
securities classified in the “fair value through other comprehensive income” portfolio as of 23 March 2020 are 
negative, exclude these differences through 31 December 2020 when calculating a bank’s legal equity in 
accordance with the Equity Regulation and its capital adequacy ratio. According to the decision of the BRSA 
dated 17 June 2021 and numbered 9624, most of the Temporary Forbearances ceased to apply. However, the 
BRSA has extended until 30 September 2021 the temporary possibility granted to the banks to use the simple 
arithmetic average of the CBRT F/X buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation date, in 
the calculation of amount subject to credit risk in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, when 
calculating the value of monetary assets and non-monetary assets (excluding the F/X-denominated items valued 
at the historical cost) in accordance with the TAS and the relevant special provision amounts. 
Amendments to the 2013 Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the 
capital calculations of banks that have issued additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. 
According to these amendments, Tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are 
included in Tier 2 calculations only if they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the 2013 Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess amount 
mentioned in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank 
cannot exceed 50% of its capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due to their 
receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer deducted 
from a bank’s capital base. 
In addition, the Regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer and the Regulation on the 
Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks were published in the Official Gazette dated 
5 November 2013 and numbered 28812, and entered into force on 1 January 2014 (with the exception of certain 
provisions of the latter regulation entered into effect on 1 January 2015). The Regulation on the Capital 
Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated 
and bank-only basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated by 
the multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital maintenance buffer ratio and 
bank-specific counter-cyclical buffer ratio. The Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Leverage 
Level of Banks seeks to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity 
on a consolidated and bank-only basis against leverage risks. In this context, the BRSA further published: (a) 
its decision dated 18 December 2015 and numbered 6602 regarding the procedures for and principles on 
calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (b) its decision dated 24 
December 2015 and numbered 6602 regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer. Pursuant 
to these decisions, the countercyclical capital buffer for Turkish banks’ exposures in Turkey was initially set at 
0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Turkey (effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio might 
fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the 
countercyclical capital buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, whereas 
any reduction is to be effective as of the date of the relevant public announcement. 
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, Tier II capital shall be calculated 
by subtracting capital deductions from general provisions, issuance premiums and the debt instruments that are 
not to be included in Tier I capital and have been approved by the BRSA.  
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of 
directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the New Tier II 
Conditions (except the issuance approval with the CMB) are met also can be included in Tier II capital 
calculations. In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in the 
calculation of Tier II capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions in 
Tier II capital. Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, the basis for the calculation of this limit depends on 
risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. That being said, as of 1 January 2022, general provisions will, no 
longer be allowed to be included in the supplementary capital (i.e. Tier 2 capital) of Turkish banks and the 
aforementioned limit which is calculated on the basis of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk will not be 
applicable as of 1 January 2022.

--- Page 287 ---
273 
 
 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation 
of Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt 
instruments or loans that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital) as well as procedures and principles related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. 
The Equity Regulation requires banks to obtain the prior permission of the BRSA for a debt to be classified as 
a “secondary subordinated debt”. In order to obtain such permission, the bank must submit to the BRSA the 
original copy or a notarised copy of the applicable agreement(s), and if an applicable agreement is not yet signed, 
a draft of such agreement (with submission of its original or a notarised copy thereof to be made after receipt of 
the BRSA’s consent). In considering any such request for its permission the BRSA will evaluate whether the 
credit in question meets the following criteria: 
• 
the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and such issuance shall be approved by the CMB 
and shall have been fully collected in cash, 
• 
in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments that 
are included in additional Tier I capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit 
holders and all other creditors, 
• 
the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract violating the condition 
stated in the second clause nor shall it be tied to any guarantee or security, in one way or another, 
directly or indirectly, 
• 
the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any provision 
that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, and 
• 
the payment of debt before maturity is subject to approval of the BRSA.  
If the interest rate applied to a secondary subordinated debt is not explicitly indicated in the loan agreement or 
the text of the debt instrument or if the interest rate is excessively high compared to that of similar loans or debt 
instruments, then the BRSA might not authorise the inclusion of the loan or debt instrument in the calculation 
of Tier II capital. In cases where the parties subsequently agree that a secondary subordinated debt be prepaid 
prior to its stated maturity (but in any event after the fifth anniversary of its utilisation), they would be required 
to obtain the BRSA’s permission. Upon any such application, the BRSA will seek to ensure that the equity of 
the bank shall exceed the higher of: (a) the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the 
Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks along with the procedures and 
principles on capital buffers that are to be set by the BRSA, (b) the capital requirement derived as a result of an 
internal capital adequacy evaluation process of the bank and (c) the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA 
(if any). 
In connection with secondary subordinated debt pursuant to which it has been agreed that a prepayment option 
shall be available and the remaining maturity is calculated by way of taking into account the originally agreed 
maturity date (i.e., not on the basis of the prepayment option date), such prepayment option can only be exercised 
with the consent of the BRSA, which would apply the equity related criteria stated above. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of Tier II capital as of the 
date of transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loan agreements and debt instruments 
that have been included in Tier II capital calculations, and that have less than five years to maturity, shall be 
included in Tier II capital calculations after being reduced by 20% each year. 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity 
level in accordance with principles and procedures to be set out by the BRSB. Within this framework, a 
comprehensive liquidity arrangement was put in place by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central Bank. 
The Regulation on the Calculation of Banks' Liquidity Coverage Ratios, through which BRSA seeks to ensure 
that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into 
cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, both on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis, 
was published in the Official Gazette, dated 21 March 2014 and numbered 28948 (the “Regulation on Liquidity

--- Page 288 ---
274 
 
 
Coverage Ratios”) and entered into effect immediately with the provisions thereof becoming applicable as of 
1 January 2014 (with the exception of certain provisions relating to minimum coverage ratio levels, which 
entered into effect on 1 January 2015). The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of 
the high quality asset stock to the net cash outflows, both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, 
cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated and non-consolidated liquidity and 80% in respect 
of total consolidated and non-consolidated foreign exchange liquidity; however, pursuant to the BRSA Decision 
on Liquidity Ratios, for the period between 5 January 2015 and 31 December 2015, such ratios were applied as 
60% and 40% respectively, and such ratios shall be (and have been) applied in increments of ten percentage 
points for each year from 1 January 2016 until 1 January 2019. Unconsolidated total and foreign currency 
liquidity coverage ratios cannot be non-compliant more than six times within a calendar year, which includes 
noncompliance that have already been remedied. On 26 March 2020, the BRSA announced that any non-
compliance by a bank with the minimum requirements for liquidity coverage ratios will not require such bank 
to report their remediation measures under the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios to the BRSA until 31 
December 2020. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Reserve Requirements No. 2013/15 and published in the Official Gazette dated 
25 December 2013 and No. 28862 (“Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements”) and as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the reserve requirements regarding foreign currency liabilities vary by category and tenor.   
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, published in the Official 
Gazette dated 9 November 2021 and No. 31654, the reserve requirements effective from 28 October 2021 and 
onwards for foreign currency liabilities are as set forth below: 
 
Category of Foreign Currency Liabilities  
Required Reserve Ratio 
Demand deposits, notice deposits, private current accounts and the deposit/participation accounts with 
up to (and including) 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and up to 1-year maturities 
 
25% 
Deposit/participation accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities 
 
19% 
Precious metal deposit accounts with up to (and including) 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and up to 
1-year maturities 
 
26% 
Precious metal deposit accounts up to 1-year and longer maturities 
22% 
Other liabilities up to 1-year maturity (including 1-year) 
 
21% 
Other liabilities up to 2-year maturity (including 2-year) 
 
16% 
Other liabilities up to 3-year maturity (including 3-year) 
 
11% 
Other liabilities up to 5-year maturity (including 5-year) 
 
7% 
Other liabilities longer than 5-year maturity 
 
5% 
 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, with the amendments effective from 24 
February 2021, the reserve requirements regarding Turkish Lira liabilities vary by category and tenor, as set 
forth below: 
 
Category of Turkish Lira Liabilities 
Required Reserve 
Ratio 
1) Deposit/participation accounts (excluding deposit/participation accounts held at foreign 
banks) 
 
Demand deposits, notice deposits ......................................................................................................  
8.0% 
Up to 1 month maturity (including 1 month) .....................................................................................  
8.0% 
Up to 3 months maturity (including 3 months) ..................................................................................  
8.0% 
Up to 6 months maturity (including 6 months) ..................................................................................  
6.0% 
Up to 1 year maturity .........................................................................................................................  
4.0% 
With maturities of 1 year and longer .................................................................................................  
3.0% 
2) Borrowers’ deposit accounts held at development and investment banks* ................................  
8.0% 
3) Other liabilities (including deposit/participation accounts held at foreign banks) 
 
Up to 1 year maturity (including 1 year) ............................................................................................  
8.0% 
Up to 3 years maturity (including 3 years) .........................................................................................  
5.5% 
Longer than 3 years maturity .............................................................................................................  
3.0% 
 _______________________ 
* Due to laws applicable to development and investment banks, the amount deposited in such accounts cannot exceed the total 
outstanding loan amount extended by the relevant development and investment bank to such borrower.

--- Page 289 ---
275 
 
 
The reserve ratios listed in the table above are subject to continuous changes by the Central Bank, and the Bank 
maintains the required reserves in the amount determined by the Central Bank. Starting in September 2010, 
reserve accounts kept in Turkish Lira became non-interest bearing (reserve accounts in foreign currencies have 
not been interest bearing since 2008). Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, interest 
may accrue on the reserve accounts in accordance with rules and procedures determined by the Central Bank.  
On 19 August 2019, with the intention of using reserve requirements more flexibly and effectively as a macro 
prudential tool to support financial stability, the CBRT decided to change the ratio of and the remuneration 
applied to required reserves. Accordingly, the reserve requirement ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities and the 
remuneration rates for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves were linked to the annual growth rates of 
the total of banks’ Turkish Lira-denominated standardized cash loans and cash loans under close monitoring, 
excluding foreign currency-indexed loans and loans extended to banks. For banks whose loan growth is between 
10% and 20% (reference values), the reserve requirement ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities in all maturity 
brackets excluding deposits and participation funds with 1-year or longer maturity (excluding 
deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad) and other liabilities with longer than 3-year maturity 
(including deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad), was to be set at 2%. The reserve 
requirement ratios for other banks were left unchanged. Additionally, the remuneration rate of 13% previously 
applied to Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves, was set at an increased rate of 15% for banks with a 
loan growth between the reference values and at 5% to others. According to such arrangement, loan growth 
rates were to be calculated in each reserve requirement period and the banks whose loan growth was between 
the reference values were to be subject to the related reserve requirement ratios and remuneration rates in the 
next three-months (six reserve requirement periods). 
On 27 November 2020, as part of its simplification policy, the CBRT decided to abolish the differing application 
to banks of reserve requirement ratios for liabilities and remuneration rates for required reserves held with the 
CBRT, based on their annual loan growth rates. It further decided to set the remuneration rate applicable for all 
of the banks at 12% for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves and at 0% for FX-denominated required 
reserves. 
The reserve requirements also apply to gold deposit accounts. Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué 
Regarding Reserve Requirements issued by the Central Bank (including as amended on 9 November 2021 with 
effect from 28 October 2021): (a) banks are permitted to maintain up to a maximum of 10% of the Turkish Lira 
reserve requirements in U.S. dollars until 17 September 2021 and thereafter they will no longer be permitted to 
maintain their Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars; and (b) banks are permitted to maintain up to 
a maximum of 10% of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard gold (at 1.6 times the reserve 
requirement); and (c) up to the entire amount of reserve requirements that should be maintained for precious 
metal deposit accounts should be maintained in the form of standard gold in blocked accounts. In addition, 
pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements banks are required to maintain their required 
reserves against their U.S. dollar denominated liabilities in U.S. dollars only; whereas, banks are allowed to 
maintain their required reserves against foreign currency denominated liabilities (other than U.S. dollars) in U.S. 
dollars or Euros. 
From April 2013, the BRSA introduced additional reserve requirements for banks that did not meet a specified 
leverage ratio. Pursuant to the Communiqué on Reserve Requirements which entered into force as of 17 January 
2014, banks must establish additional mandatory reserves if their financial leverage ratio falls within certain 
intervals. Currently, the Bank’s leverage ratio is above the required limit and the Bank has not been required to 
increase reserves to date. 
On 15 August 2017, an amendment to the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios (numbered 30155) 
increasing the inclusion ratio of the mandatory reserves held at the Central Bank to 100% from 50% in the 
calculation of liquidity coverage ratios was published in the Official Gazette. The Bank does not expect this 
change to negatively impact its liquidity coverage ratios or the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operation.  
On 17 March 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible adverse effects on the Turkish 
economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID‑19 pandemic, the Central Bank had issued a press 
release announcing that (effective from the calculation period of 6 March 2020 through 31 December 2020) 
foreign currency reserve requirement ratios had been reduced by 500 basis points in all liability types and all

--- Page 290 ---
276 
 
 
maturity brackets for banks meeting the annual loan growth rates. However, this reserve requirement ratio 
regime differing on the basis of annual loan growth rates was abolished by a decision of the CBRT published 
on 27 November 2020, as part of its simplification measures. In the same announcement of 17 March 2020, the 
Central Bank had also confirmed the implementation of other temporary measures: (a) providing banks with 
flexibility in Turkish Lira and foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity 
facilities to banks to secure credit flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters 
by facilitating the discounting of export receivables. 
On 1 July 2021, the CBRT issued a press release announcing that (a) the possibility to maintain the Turkish Lira 
reserve requirements in foreign currency is decreased from a maximum of 20% to a maximum of 10% and that 
that possibility is to be abolished as of the maintenance date of 1 October 2021, (b) the foreign currency reserve 
requirement ratios are increased by 200 basis points in all maturity brackets, (c) the foreign currency deposits 
standing to the credit of bank accounts or participation bank accounts as at 25 June 2021 are to be exempted 
from the application of reserve requirements if converted into Turkish Lira after that date, and (d) an additional 
interest/remuneration is to be applied to the reserve requirements maintained in Turkish Lira at the CBRT in 
order to increase the ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total deposits. The measures mentioned in (c) and (d) are 
effective as of 19 July 2021. As part of the aforementioned mechanism of additional interest/remuneration, 
instead of the interest/remuneration rate applicable for all of the banks at 13.50% for Turkish Lira-denominated 
required reserves, the rates set out below are to be applied for the banks meeting both of the conditions below 
set out opposite to the relevant rate: 
Condition 1: The ratio of F/X deposits to the total 
amount of deposits 
Condition 2: The ratio of the amount of F/X 
deposits converted into Turkish Lira time deposits 
with a maturity of 1 month or longer between 25 
June 2021  and the relevant reserve requirement 
calculation date, to the foreign currency deposits as 
at 25 June 2021 
Applicable 
Turkish Lira 
Interest Rate  
If the conditions are not met 
13.5% 
5.0% decrease compared to 25 June 2021 
At least 5.0% 
15.0% 
15.0% decrease compared to 25 June 2021 
At least 15.0% 
17.0% 
Less than 40% 
At least 20.0% 
19.0% 
 
Foreign Exchange Requirements 
The ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net position to its capital base should not exceed 20%, such calculation 
being required on a weekly basis. The net foreign exchange position is the difference between the Turkish Lira 
equivalent of a bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities. For the purpose of computing 
the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by 
a bank and its foreign branches, its foreign exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange 
purchases; for purposes of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all 
passive foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign 
exchange-indexed liabilities and its subscribed forward foreign exchange sales. If the ratio of a bank’s net 
foreign exchange position to its capital base exceeds 20%, then the bank is required to take steps to move back 
into compliance within two weeks following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are permitted to exceed the 
legal net foreign exchange position to capital base ratio up to six times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, banks’ boards of directors shall establish audit committees for the 
execution of audit and monitoring functions. Audit committees shall consist of a minimum of two members 
who must be non-executive members of the board of directors. The duties and responsibilities of the audit 
committee include the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the banks’ internal control, risk 
management and internal audit systems, functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems 
within the framework of the Banking Law and other relevant legislation, and integrity of the information 
produced; conducting the necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the 
board of directors; regularly monitoring the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of 
directors; and, in the case of holding companies covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit 
functions of the institutions that are subject to consolidation and operate in a coordinated manner, on behalf of

--- Page 291 ---
277 
 
 
the board of directors. Furthermore, banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and 
all of their consolidated affiliates) internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate 
with the scope and structure of their activities pursuant to the Internal Systems Regulation, as issued by the 
BRSA and published in the Official Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057. 
The BRSA, as the principal regulatory authority in the Turkish banking sector, has the right to monitor 
compliance by banks with the requirements relating to audit committees. As part of exercising this right, the 
BRSA reviews audit reports prepared for banks by their independent auditing firms. Banks are required to select 
an independent audit firm in accordance with the Regulation Regarding the Independent Audit of the Banks, 
published in the Official Gazette on 2 April 2015, numbered 29314 (as amended from time to time). Independent 
auditors are held liable for damages and losses to relevant parties referred to under the same legislation. 
Professional liability insurance is required for (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and 
certain other support services (if requested by the service acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). 
Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate their financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with 
certain consolidation principles established by the BRSA. The year-end consolidated financial statements are 
required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial statements are subject to only a limited review by 
independent audit firms. With the Interal Systems Regulation, issued by the BRSA and published in the Official 
Gazette dated 11 July 2014 and numbered 29057, which was most recently amended on 4 March 2017, standards 
as to principles of internal audit and risk management systems were established in order to bring such regulations 
into compliance with Basel II requirements. 
The reports prepared by independent audit firms are also filed with the CMB if the bank’s shares are quoted on 
the Borsa İstanbul. The CMB has the right to inspect the accounts and transaction records of any publicly traded 
company. In addition, quarterly reports that are subject to limited review must also be filed with the CMB. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo an annual audit by certified bank auditors who have the authority 
to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA under the “Regulation on Procedures and Principles of Audit to be 
conducted by the BRSA”, published in the Official Gazette dated 22 July 2006 and numbered 26236 (“BRSA 
Annual Audits”). BRSA Annual Audits by certified bank auditors encompass all aspects of a bank’s operations, 
its financial statements and other matters affecting the bank’s financial position, including its domestic banking 
activities, foreign exchange transactions and tax liabilities. Additionally, such audits seek to ensure compliance 
with applicable laws and the constitutional documents of a bank.  Typically, as an outcome of the BRSA Annual 
Audit, the Group receives a report (the “BRSA Financial Health Report”) and has an opportunity to reply to 
the report before it is finalised, and, once the final report from the BRSA is finalised, makes any necessary 
changes required for compliance. The Central Bank has the right to monitor compliance by banks with the 
Central Bank’s regulations through off site examinations. 
Savings Deposit Insurance Fund 
Article 111 of the Banking Law relates to the SDIF and its principles. The SDIF is a public legal entity 
established to develop trust and stability in the banking sector by strengthening the financial structures of 
Turkish banks, restructuring Turkish banks as needed and insuring the savings deposits of Turkish banks. The 
SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, transfers to third parties and 
strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and control of which 
have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other duties 
imposed on it. 
Insurance of Deposits 
Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law, savings deposits held with banks are insured by the SDIF. The scope 
and amount of savings deposits subject to the insurance, the tariff of the insurance premium, the time and method 
of collection of this premium, and other relevant matters are determined by the SDIF upon consultation with the 
Treasury, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
Borrowings of the SDIF 
The SDIF may borrow in extraordinary situations upon an authorisation from the Treasury by borrowing 
Government debt securities which are issued by the Treasury where it is deemed necessary. Principles and

--- Page 292 ---
278 
 
 
procedures regarding the borrowing of Government debt securities, including their interest rates and terms and 
conditions of repayment to the Treasury, are to be determined together by the Treasury and the SDIF. 
Power to Require Advances from Banks 
If the assets of the SDIF do not meet the demands on it and the resources of the SDIF are insufficient, then 
banks may be required to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous 
year to be set off against their future premium obligations. 
Contribution of the Central Bank 
If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary circumstances, then the Central Bank will, on 
request, provide the SDIF with an advance. The terms, amount, repayment conditions, interest rates and other 
conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon consultation with the SDIF. 
Savings Deposits that are not subject to Insurance 
Deposits held in a bank by controlling shareholders, the chairman and members of the board of directors or 
board of managers, general manager and assistant general managers, auditors and by the parents, spouses and 
children of the above, and deposits, participation funds and other accounts within the scope of criminally-related 
assets set forth in Article 282 of the Turkish Criminal Code and other deposits, participation funds and accounts 
as determined by the BRSA are not covered by the SDIF’s insurance. 
Premiums as an Expense Item 
Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense in the calculation of that bank’s corporate 
tax. 
Liquidation 
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, the SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the bank under the 
provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Act, exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office and 
creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy administration. 
Claims 
In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a first-degree privileged claim in 
respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF. 
Since 15 February 2013, deposit accounts (Turkish Lira, foreign exchange currency accounts or other accounts 
linked to precious metals) opened by natural persons in domestic branches are insured by the SDIF up to an 
amount of TL 100,000 per person, in each deposit bank. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette 
No. 26119 dated 25 March 2006, and as amended from time to time, are as follows: 
(a) 
becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which 
domestic and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding 
with the authorised bodies of foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s 
span of duty, 
(b) 
insuring the savings deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions, 
(c) 
determining the scope and amount of the savings deposits and participation accounts that are 
subject to insurance with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, and 
the risk-based insurance premia timetable, collection time and form and other related issues in 
cooperation with the BRSA, 
(d) 
paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts from its 
sources in the credit institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA,

--- Page 293 ---
279 
 
 
(e) 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose 
shareholder rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred to 
the SDIF by the BRSA, with the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from the 
capital, and 
(f) 
taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA 
and fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such banks. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may 
require the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the 
Banking Law, in the event that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that: 
(a) the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements, 
(b) the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances in 
the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its financial 
structure, 
(e) the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) for domestic systemically important banks, the precautions under the precaution plan described below 
are not implemented promptly, such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is 
determined that such weakness cannot be cured even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event 
described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) 
increase such bank’s equity capital, 
(B) 
not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA 
and to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) 
increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) 
stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders, 
(E) 
dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) 
limit or stop such bank’s new investments, 
(G) 
limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) 
cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
 (ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to: 
(A) 
cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) 
cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or

--- Page 294 ---
280 
 
 
(C) 
causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA, 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) 
through (h) that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its 
financial structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA 
determines that taking such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank: 
(i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding 
paragraph, to: 
(A) 
strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy, 
(B) 
dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) 
decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) 
postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees, and/or 
(E) 
limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk 
groups or sectors, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) 
convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the 
board of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member 
is responsible for a failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and 
sufficient operation of internal audit, internal control and risk management systems or non-operation 
of these systems efficiently or there is a factor that impedes supervision or such member(s) of the 
board of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated above, and/or 
(B) 
implement short, medium or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to 
decrease the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders 
with qualified shares must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) 
through (h) of the preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the 
problem cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking 
such actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period, 
(b) apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to resource 
collection and utilisation, 
(c) remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain 
approval from the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or 
participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the controlling 
shareholders, 
(e) limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) merge with one or more other interested bank(s),

--- Page 295 ---
281 
 
 
(g) provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital, 
(h) deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary. 
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within 
a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank 
cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will 
not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank 
would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability 
of the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the 
liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of 
such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or 
fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a 
loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its board members, 
may revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer the 
management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF 
for the purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger thereof; provided 
that any loss is deducted from the share capital of current shareholders. 
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the occurrence 
of any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial structures, banks 
that are classified by the BRSA as systemically important banks must create prevention plans and submit those 
to the BRSA. In the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or probability of the 
occurrence of any such events) with respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such 
bank must implement the precautions indicated in their prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such 
circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation of such precautions. 
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose 
license is revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such bank’s 
licence is published in the Official Gazette. From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the creditors of 
such bank may not assign their rights or take any action that could lead to assignment of their rights. The SDIF 
must take measures for the protection of the rights of depositors and other creditors of such bank. The SDIF is 
required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by itself or through another bank it may designate. The 
SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of depositors against a bank whose banking 
licence is revoked. 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures 
(which are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international standards) 
when preparing their annual and financial reports. In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their accounting 
systems, correctly record all their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in a format that 
is clear, reliable and comparable as well as suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and 
records of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements 
have been misrepresented. 
When the BRSA requests a bank’s financial reports, the chairman of the board, the audit committee, the general 
manager, the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting and the relevant unit manager (or 
equivalent authorities) must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the financial 
reports comply with relevant legislation and accounting records. In addition, foreign banks must have the 
members of the board of managers of their Turkish branches sign the annual reports.

--- Page 296 ---
282 
 
 
When the BRSA requests a bank’s annual reports, the general manager, a representative of the audit committee 
and the deputy general manager responsible for chief financial reporting must sign the reports indicating their 
full names and titles and declare that the annual reports comply with relevant legislation and accounting records. 
Banks are required to submit their financial reports to related authorities and publish them in accordance with 
the BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
Further, banks are required to submit and publish annual reports that comply with the BRSA’s established 
guidelines. These reports include the following information: corporate profile, assessment by the chairman of 
the board and general manager, details on banking and subsidiaries activities, management and organisation 
structures, financial situation, corporate governance practices including human recourse implementations, 
assessment of risk management and policies and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s 
report. 
The Regulation on the Preparation and Publication of Annual Reports regulates the procedures and principles 
regarding the annual reports of banks to be published at the end of each fiscal year. According to the Regulation, 
a bank’s financial performance and the risks that it faces need to be assessed in the annual report. The annual 
report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be submitted to shareholders at least 15 days 
before the annual General Assembly of the bank. Each bank must submit a copy of its annual report to the BRSA 
by the end of April and keep a copy of it in its headquarters and each branch and publish it on its website by the 
end of May. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
With the Communiqué on Financial Statements to be disclosed to the public published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28337 dated 28 June 2012, new principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of the banks were 
promulgated. The amendments to the calculation of risk weighted assets and their implication of capital 
adequacy ratios are reflected in the requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public and new 
standards of disclosure of operational, market, currency and credit risk are determined. In addition, new 
principles are determined with respect to the disclosure of, inter alia, position risks relating from securitisation 
transactions or investments on quoted stocks. 
The BRSA published amendments, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, to the Communiqué on 
Financial Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial 
statements of banks in accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of 
Banks and the Equity Regulation. The amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to 
be disclosed to the public in line with the amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their 
implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity 
items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with the amendments to the Equity 
Regulation. Furthermore, the changes require publication of a loan agreement of the bank or a prospectus 
relating to a loan or debt instrument, which will be taken into account in the calculation of the capital of a (parent 
company) bank as an element for additional principal capital (i.e., additional Tier I capital) and supplementary 
capital (i.e., Tier II capital), on the bank’s website. Additionally, banks are required to make necessary 
disclosures on their websites immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of 
a share certificate or occurrence of any other material change. 
Further, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, 
which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into 
force on 31 March 2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this 
regulation, each bank is required to announce information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated 
risk management related to risks arising from or in connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market 
and its operations in line with the standards and procedures specified in this regulation. In this respect, banks 
are required to adopt a written policy in relation to its internal audit and internal control processes. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and 
principles relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates the 
measures that Turkish companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited 
partnerships, in which the capital is divided into shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt in 
case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new communiqué aims to clarify and complement the remedial actions

--- Page 297 ---
283 
 
 
that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of capital 
or insolvency. As companies in Turkey prepare their financial statements in Turkish Lira, the value of any 
foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira based upon the currency rate 
applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2023, the communiqué allows 
companies to disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign currency-
denominated liability while making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be 
required to apply any measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain their capital 
if the relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations. 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law 
No. 5951, banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual 
financial services fee for each of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the 
population of the district in which the relevant branch is located. 
Anti-Money Laundering Policies 
Turkey is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force and has enacted laws and regulations to combat 
money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial crimes. In Turkey, all banks and their employees are 
obligated to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred 
to as money laundering set forth in Law no. 5549 on Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime (the “Law 
on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime”). 
Minimum standards and duties under the Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and related 
legislation in effect, namely, the “Regulations on Programme of Compliance with Obligations of Anti-Money 
Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism” the “Regulation on Measures Regarding Prevention of 
Laundering Proceeds of Crime and Financing of Terrorism”, and the “Regulation on Suspension of the 
Transactions Pursuant to the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime” include customer identification, 
record keeping, suspicious transactions reporting, employee training, monitoring activities, designation of a 
compliance officer, and suspension of the suspicious transactions related to prevention of laundering proceeds 
of crime.  
Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board. 
The Bank believes it is in full compliance with the Law on the Prevention of Laundering Proceeds of Crime and 
the related legislation. These regulations include requirements to have written policies and procedures on 
anti-money laundering and “know your customer” principles such as, assigning a compliance officer, an audit 
and review function to test the robustness of anti-money laundering policies and procedures, monitoring 
customer activities and transactions and employee training. 
New measures against the financing of terrorist activities in Turkey were introduced with the entry into force of 
Law No. 6415 on Combating the Financing of Terrorism on 16 February 2013 (the “CFT Law”).  The CFT 
Law expands the scope of the offence of financing terrorism (as currently defined under Turkish anti-terrorism 
laws).  The CFT Law also presents new principles and mechanisms for identifying and freezing terrorist assets 
and facilitates the implementation of United Nations Security Council decisions, in particular, those relating to 
entities and/or individuals placed on sanction lists. 
Basel III 
In December 2009, the Basel Committee published a draft proposal of a new regulatory regime for capital and 
liquidity standards for banks (“Basel III”). A comprehensive quantitative impact study was conducted by banks 
during the spring 2010 based on the Basel III draft proposal, and the Basel Committee issued a final 
comprehensive framework in December 2010. On 1 February 2013, the BRSA published draft regulations for 
the implementation of Basel III in Turkey. The consultation period for these draft regulations ended on 1 March 
2013 and the BRSA made a public announcement on 1 July 2013 that Basel III requirements to be adopted with 
the regulations will be effective as of 1 January 2014. On 5 September 2013, the regulation on equities of banks 
(i.e. the Equity Regulation) and the amendments to the regulation on capital adequacy requirements (i.e. the 
Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks, which regulation was later 
replaced by the 2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation, effective as of 31 March 2016) were published in the

--- Page 298 ---
284 
 
 
Official Gazette numbered 28756 both of which entered into effect on 1 January 2014. In addition to these new 
regulations: (a) regulation on the Capital Maintenance and Cyclical Capital Buffer, which regulates the 
procedures and principles regarding the calculation of additional core capital amount, was published in the 
Official Gazette dated 5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulation on the Capital Maintenance 
and Cyclical Capital Buffer”), (b) the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of 
Banks, through which regulation the BRSA would seek to constrain leverage in the banking system and 
maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis against leverage risks (including 
measurement error in the risk based capital measurement approach), was published in the Official Gazette dated 
5 November 2013 and numbered 28812 (the “Regulatiuon on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage 
Levels of Banks”) and (c) in order to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high 
quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, the 
BRSA has published the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios in the Official Gazette dated 21 March 2014 
and numbered 28948. In the future, Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements may be further affected by 
the requirements of Basel III regarding regulatory capital, liquidity adequacy, leverage ratio and counterparty 
credit risk measurements. On 6 August 2014, the BRSA announced that a number of draft regulations, including 
a guide for stress tests on liquidity and regulation on the calculation of internal capital adequacy, presented for 
public opinion as part of BRSA’s efforts of promulgating Basel III requirements by April 2014, had been 
finalised and announced in the Official Gazette. On 6 September 2014 an amendment to the Equity Regulation, 
the draft of which was presented for public opinion in June 2014, was published in the Official Gazette and 
entered into force. This amendment introduced certain novelties as to BRSA’s authority to write off Tier I and 
Tier II debt instruments. In addition to this amendment, on 6 September 2014, an amendment to the Regulation 
on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks was published in the Official Gazette as well 
as other regulations as to calculation of capital adequacy as part of BRSA’s efforts to adopt Basel III 
requirements.  
On 23 October 2015, the BRSA issued certain amendments to regulatory capital regulations with a view to align 
the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements, which are all published in the Official Gazette 
numbered 29511 and which are all to enter into force on 31 March 2016. Briefly these new regulations foresaw 
(i) certain amendments to the Equity Regulation, introducing certain clarifications to the eligibility requirements 
of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and also amending the regulatory treatment of certain capital items 
that are taken into account for the purposes of calculating regulatory capital of the banks; (ii) certain 
amendments to the Internal Systems Regulation imposing new regulatory requirements to enhance the 
effectiveness of the internal risk management and internal capital adequacy assessment including among others, 
introduction of new stress test requirements; and, (iii) the introduction of the 2016 Capital Adequacy Regulation 
to replace the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Capital Adequacy of Banks. The BRSA also 
issued draft regulation to amend the existing equity regulation with the intention to revise the regulatory capital 
treatment of certain Additional Tier 1 Notes and Tier 2 Notes issued by Turkish banks issued before 1 January 
2014 based on their issuance dates, maturity and certain terms and conditions in accordance with Basel III 
requirements.  
On 23 February 2016, the BRSA issued the domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”) regulation (the 
“D-SIBs Regulation”) introducing a methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are systemically 
important in the domestic market. The contemplated methodology requires the identification of the Turkish 
DSIBs under four different categories based on their 2014 year-end consolidated financial statements, and 
requires the banks falling within these categories to hold 1 to 3 per cent. of additional core capital (ilave çekirdek 
sermaye) of their total risk-weighted assets. This additional core capital requirement entered into effect on 31 
March 2016, subject to a transition period as set out below. 
 
The Bank has been classified into the first group with respect to D-SIBs buffer ratios for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, and was classified into the second group for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Groups 
D-SIBs Buffer Ratios (%) 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
from 1 January 2019 
4th group (empty) 
0.75 
1.5 
2.25 
3 
3rd group 
0.5 
1 
1.5 
2 
2nd group 
0.375 
0.75 
1.125 
1.5 
1st group 
0.25 
0.5 
0.75 
1

--- Page 299 ---
285 
 
 
The Basel III framework includes several key initiatives, which change the capital adequacy framework the 
Basel Committee previously published in 1999 (“Basel II”). The key changes are, among others: 
• 
The quality, consistency and transparency of the capital base are increased. In the new framework, the 
regulatory deductions should mainly be applied to the common equity component of the capital base. 
Further, to be eligible as Tier I and Tier II capital, instruments will need to meet more stringent 
requirements. 
• 
The risk coverage is further strengthened, which impacts the calculations of risk-weighted assets. These 
changes concern increased capital requirement for trading book and re securitisation activities, and were 
implemented in December 2011 throughout Europe. Further changes, to be implemented from 2013, are 
proposed under the Basel III framework for counterparty credit risk in OTC instruments and exposures 
to banks and other financial intermediaries. In particular, a new capital requirement is proposed for risk 
of changes in the credit value adjustment (“CVA”). 
• 
New minimum requirements and capital buffer requirements are increased. The Basel Committee has 
defined increased minimum thresholds that banks should at all times exceed, that is, minimum 4.5% 
common equity Tier I ratio, 6% Tier I ratio and 8% capital ratio. In addition, the Basel III framework 
introduces a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% on top of these minimum thresholds. If banks do not 
meet this buffer, constraints will be imposed on the bank’s capital distribution, such as dividends. Also, 
in periods of excess growth, banks will be required to hold an additional countercyclical buffer of up to 
2.5% in order not to face restrictions. 
As the quality of the capital base is already high with common equity constituting the majority of the capital 
base, the Bank expects that the impact of the Basel III framework on its capital base will be limited and believes 
that it is already in compliance with the capital requirements set forth within the Basel III framework. 
The Basel Committee has also proposed that the risk sensitive capital framework should be supplemented with 
a non-risk based measure, the leverage ratio. The leverage ratio will be calculated as the Tier I capital divided 
by the exposure (on and off-balance sheet exposures, with certain adjustments for selected items such as 
derivatives). A minimum leverage ratio of 3% will be evaluated during a parallel run period. Another new key 
component of the Basel III framework is the introduction of increased regulations for liquidity risks. The 
objective of the liquidity reform is to improve the banking sector’s ability to absorb shocks arising from financial 
and economic stress, whatever the source, thus reducing the risk of spillover from the financial sector to the real 
economy. The Basel Committee has developed two new quantitative liquidity standards as part of the Basel III 
framework, which are the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR 
aims to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality assets that can be 
converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30-day time horizon under an acute liquidity stress scenario. 
The NSFR, on the other hand, establishes a minimum acceptable amount of stable funding, based on the liquidity 
characteristics of an institution’s assets and activities over a one-year horizon. These standards aim to set the 
minimum levels of liquidity for internationally active banks. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
LCR is a metric measuring the adequacy of unencumbered free liquid assets (“High quality liquid assets”) to 
meet expected net cash flows over the next 30 days. LCR is an important Basel regulation metric that measures 
short-term liquidity and is closely monitored in the Group. 
High quality liquid assets included in the LCR calculation consist of cash, effective money, CBRT accounts and 
reserves and debt instruments issued by the Treasury of the Republic of Turkey which are treated as high quality 
liquid assets. 
Cash outflows from derivative transactions in the LCR calculation are based on inclusion of net cash flows with 
maturity of 30 days in the calculation. Additionally, transactions having a margin possibility are included in 
LCR calculation by taking the largest amount according to absolute value of net margin flows realized in the 
last 24 months in respect of 30 days period or for liability into consideration as cash outflow. 
Secured funding consists of repo and secured loan transactions. A large part of securities which are subject of 
guaranteed funding transactions consist of Sovereign Bonds issued by Treasury of the Republic of Turkey and 
transactions are carried out both in the CBRT market and interbank market.

--- Page 300 ---
286 
 
 
All cash inflow and outflow items related to liquidity profile of the Bank are included in liquidity coverage ratio 
tables below. The Group’s LCR based on the simple average of the last nine months LCR for 30 September 
2021 was 146.70%. The table below shows the calculation of LCR for the periods indicated: 
 
30 September 2021(1) 
31 December 2020(1) 
 
Unweighted Amounts 
Weighted Amounts 
Unweighted Amounts 
Weighted Amounts 
 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
TL+FC 
FC 
High Quality Liquid Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
High Quality Liquid Assets ......................................... 
- 
- 
96.969.576 
68.354.518 
- 
- 
91.546.171 
52.070.455    
Cash Outflows 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Retail and Small Business Customers Deposits ........... 
187,044,094 
104,716,85
4 
17,035,413 
10,471,445 
166,458,400    98,586,950    15,210,839    
9,858,623    
Stable deposits ......................................................... 
33,379,919 
4,803 
1,668,996 
240 
28,700,026    
1,435    
1,435,001    
72    
Less stable deposits ................................................. 
153,664,175 
104,712,05
1 
15,366,417 
10,471,205 
137,758,374    98,585,515    13,775,838    
9,858,551    
Unsecured Funding other than Retail and Small 
Business Customers Deposits .................................. 
118,962,084 
60,920,596 
63,779,830 
28,610,044 
103,228,736    54,093,932    56,381,736    26,300,571    
Operational deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-Operational deposits ........................................ 
92,962,950 
56,154,538 
42,329,416 
23,843,985 
79,624,878    48,264,608    36,403,137    20,471,247    
Other Unsecured funding ........................................ 
25,999,134 
4,766,058 
21,450,414 
4,766,059 
23,603,858    
5,829,324    19,978,599    
5,829,324    
Secured funding ........................................................... 
- 
- 
32,725 
 962 
- 
- 
63,786    
955    
Other Cash Outflows .................................................... 
1,910,584 
1,910,584 
1,910,584 
1,910,584 
2,084,207    
2,084,207    
2,084,207    
2,084,207    
Liquidity needs related to derivatives and market 
valuation changes on derivatives transactions ........ 
1,910,584 
1,910,584 
1,910,584 
1,910,584 
2,084,207    
2,084,207    
2,084,207    
2,084,207    
Debts related to the structured financial products ... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commitment related to debts to financial markets 
and other off balance sheet liabilities ...................... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commitments that are unconditionally revocable at 
any time by the Bank and other contractual 
commitments ........................................................... 
 124,183,807 
85,560,746 
- 
- 
115,662,700 
82,225,833    
5,783,135    
4,111,292    
Other irrevocable or conditionally revocable 
commitments ........................................................... 
116,255,087 
20,753,071 
 6,209,190 
 4,278,037 
92,983,698    13,682,628    
9,355,167    
3,515,915    
Total Cash Outflows .................................................. 
 
 
10,509,904 
3,541,381 
 
 
88,878,870    45,871,563    
Cash Inflows 
 
 
99,477,646 
48,812,453 
 
 
 
 
Secured Lending Transactions ..................................... 
- 
- 
 6,209,190 
 4,278,037 
- 
- 
14,186 
- 
Unsecured Lending Transactions ................................. 
42,013,941 
25,195,933 
32,964,834 
22,651,821 
34,035,200    19,460,561    26,426,016    16,963,229    
Other Contractual Cash Inflows ................................... 
411,681 
28,209,095 
411,681 
28,209,095 
654,972    19,173,295 
654,971    19,173,295    
Total Cash Inflows ..................................................... 
 42,425,622 
53,405,028 
33,376,515 
 
50,860,916 
34,690,172    38,633,856 
27,095,173 
36,136,524    
Capped Amounts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total High Quality Liquid Assets................. 
 
 
 
96,969,576 
68,354,518 
 
 
91,546,171 
52,070,455    
Total Net Cash Outflows ............................... 
 
 
66,101,131 
 
12,203,113 
 
 
61,783,696    11,467,891    
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%) ...................... 
 
 
146,70 
560,14 
 
 
148,17 
454,05 
______________ 
(1) 
Figures are calculated based on the simple average between figures for the last three months. 
 
 
Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields 
The table below shows the calculation of Loan-Deposit Spreads and Loan Yields as of 30 September 2021 and 
30 September 2020: 
 
30 September 2021 
30 September 2020 
 
(TL thousands, except %) 
Daily Annualisation .......................................................... 
1.34  
1.34  
Interest income on Performing Loans ............................ 
24,883,513  
 17,867,737  
TL .................................................................................... 
20,008,843  
 13,071,421  
Total Performing Loans ................................................... 
326,169,174 
 276,047,124  
TL ....................................................................................... 
210,417,332 
 161,916,844  
Average Performing Loans(1) .......................................... 
301,172,250 
 245,450,964  
TL ....................................................................................... 
187,432,941 
 144,057,715  
Performing Loan Yield ....................................................... 
11.0% 
9.7% 
TL Performing Loan Yield ................................................. 
14.3% 
12.1% 
Interest cost on Deposits .................................................. 
11,226,348 
 6,135,103  
TL ....................................................................................... 
10,613,384 
 5,495,735  
Deposits .............................................................................. 
311,451,845 
 264,072,582  
TL ....................................................................................... 
138,239,992 
 113,108,142  
Average Deposits(1) ........................................................... 
282,710,464 
 242,845,279  
TL ....................................................................................... 
122,068,239 
 112,838,500  
Cost of Deposit ................................................................... 
5.3% 
3.4% 
Cost of Deposit (TL) .......................................................... 
11.6% 
6.5% 
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads .................................... 
5.7%  
6.3% 
Performing Loan - Deposit spreads (TL) ........................... 
2.6% 
5.6% 
______________ 
 
(1) 
Average figures are calculated as the average between the figures for the beginning and end of the period.

--- Page 301 ---
287 
 
 
Personal Data Protection 
The Law on Protection of Personal Data (the “Law No. 6698”) was accepted on 24 March 2016 and published 
in the Official Gazette dated 7 April 2016 and numbered 29677. A majority of the provisions of Law No. 6698 
became effective from 7 April 2016. 
Under Law No. 6698, the main requirement to collect and process personal data is to obtain explicit consent of 
the person whose data will be collected and processed (“Data Subject”). However, personal data can also be 
collected and processed without the Data Subject’s consent in any of the conditions stated below: 
 
if collection and processing is permitted by any specific law provision, 
 
if the Data Subject is under a circumstance that prevents him/her from providing consent (due to an 
actual impossibility or lack of legal capacity) and processing is necessary for protection of the Data 
Subject’s or third parties’ life or physical integrity, 
 
if processing is necessary for the formation or performance of a contract to which the Data Subject is a 
party, 
 
if processing is mandatory for a data controller to perform his/her legal duties, 
 
if personal data has been made available to the public by the Data Subject himself/herself, 
 
if processing is mandatory for assigning, using or protecting a right, 
 
if processing is necessary for purposes within the scope of work and services provided by the data 
controller, which are considered by Turkish Law its “legitimate interest,” provided that the fundamental 
rights and freedoms of the Data Subject are protected.  
Any personal data that is related to a Data Subject’s race, ethnicity, political views, philosophical beliefs, 
religion, sect or other beliefs, appearance and way of dressing, association, foundation or union memberships, 
information related to health, sex life, past criminal convictions and biometric data are considered sensitive 
personal data. Under Law No. 6698, sensitive personal data may only be processed upon the Data Subject’s 
explicit consent. The conditions to legally process sensitive personal data are as follows:  
 
obtaining explicit consent of the Data Subject and, 
 
taking necessary precautions determined by the data protection board of the Republic of Turkey (“Data 
Protection Board”). 
However, explicit consent of the Data Subject is not required to legally process the above noted sensitive data 
under any of the conditions set out below: 
 
sensitive data, except for data concerning health and sexual life, can be processed if explicitly permitted 
by law, 
 
data concerning health or sexual life can only be processed for the purposes of protection of public 
health and planning or sustaining health-care services by an authorised body or persons who are under 
an obligation of confidentiality, 
 
collection and processing is permitted by any specific law provision, and 
 
collection and processing is mandatory for assigning, using or protecting a right. 
According to Law No. 6698, personal data may only be transferred to third parties with the Data Subject’s 
explicit consent. In the absence of such consent, personal data may still be transferred to third parties if the 
conditions mentioned above for the processing of personal and sensitive data are met. 
Personal data can also be transferred to third countries with the explicit consent of the Data Subject. In the 
absence of such consent, personal data may still be transferred to third countries if the conditions mentioned 
above for the processing of personal and sensitive data are met and the laws of the country to which the personal 
data will be transferred adequately protect personal and sensitive data.

--- Page 302 ---
288 
 
 
In case there is no adequate legal protection for personal and sensitive data in the third country, the data 
controllers in Turkey and in the relevant country must undertake in writing to adequately protect such data and 
the Data Protection Board must also approve such transfer. The Data Protection Board will determine the list of 
countries which adequately protect and to which personal data may be transferred without the explicit consent 
of the Data Subject. 
Foreign Exchange Legislation 
Decree 32 was amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce new restrictions on Turkish corporates 
utilising foreign currency loans from Turkey and outside of Turkey. While the new regime continues to maintain 
the existing prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign exchange loans and foreign exchange indexed 
loans, it further introduces a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank legal entities (“Corporate 
Borrower”) utilising foreign currency indexed loans and also brings in new restrictions on Corporate Borrowers 
utilising foreign currency loans (“F/X Loan Restriction”). 
Accordingly, a Corporate Borrower shall only be permitted to utilise foreign currency loans if (i) it generates 
foreign currency-denominated revenue (which is defined as “the revenue derived from export, transit trade, sales 
and deliveries considered as export and foreign currency generating activities” in the new legislation) (the “F/X 
Revenue Exemption”); (ii) the purpose of the loan is to finance an activity that is exempt from the F/X Loan 
Restriction (the “Activity Exemption”); or (iii) if as of 2 May 2018, the unpaid outstanding balance of its total 
foreign currency loans and/or foreign currency indexed loans (“Loan Balance”) is more than U.S.$15 million. 
As far as the F/X Revenue Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below 
U.S.$15 million, the sum of the foreign currency loan to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be 
more than the combined value of its foreign currency revenues as stated in its financial statements for the last 
three years. The Turkish-resident financial institutions are obliged to control whether such Corporate Borrower 
complies with this rule. If not, the Turkish-resident financial institutions are obliged to either cancel or convert 
into Turkish Lira, the portion of the foreign currency loan that exceeds this value. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Turkey in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the case of 
Corporate Borrowers, the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity in the context of, among others, (i) a 
domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower; (ii) defence industry 
projects approved by the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry; (iii) public private partnership projects; or (iv) 
an export, transit trade, sales and related deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the 
scope of its relevant activity and its potential sources of foreign currency revenues (muhtemel döviz geliri). Note 
that in order for a Corporate Borrower to benefit from the Activity Exemption summarised in item (iv), it must 
not have any foreign currency revenue within the last three financial years (which otherwise, would be subject 
to the F/X Revenue Exemption) and the maximum amount of foreign currency loan such Corporate Borrower 
can utilise is limited to the amount stated in its certified sources of foreign revenue. The Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance is entitled to extend the scope of the Activity Exemption, and has exercised such authority and 
included, among others, privatisation tenders, public tenders awarded with an FX consideration and unlicensed 
electricity generation projects within this scope. 
 
F/X Transaction Restriction 
Pursuant to a presidential decree (No: 85) (the “Presidential Decree”) published on 13 September 2018, Decree 
32 was amended.  Accordingly, except for certain exemptions determined by the Ministry of Treasury and 
Finance (the “Ministry”), the contract price and all other payment obligations under (i) sale, purchase, and lease 
agreements (including financial lease) concerning movable and immovable properties, (ii) employment, (iii) 
service, and (iv) construction agreements entered into between Turkish and non-Turkish real and legal persons 
resident in Turkey must be based on Turkish Lira.  
In other words, the Presidential Decree precluded Turkish and non-Turkish real and legal persons resident in 
Turkey from determining, or indexing to, the contract price or other payment obligations in foreign currency 
with regards to the aforementioned transactions.

--- Page 303 ---
289 
 
 
Further, a 30-day transition period was envisaged by the Presidential Decree for the Turkish and non-Turkish 
real and legal persons resident in Turkey to amend their existing agreements which fall within the scope of the 
restrictions such that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder must be re-determined in 
Turkish Lira. 
The Ministry determined on 6 October 2018 the exact scope of the restrictions above introduced by the 
Presidential Decree, by way of setting out the restrictions and exemptions on a contract type basis.  The said 
restrictions and exemptions were further fleshed out by way of amendments to the Communiqué 2008-32/34 
regarding Decree 32 on 16 November 2018.  Among other exemptions, capital markets instruments (including 
the Notes) are exempted from this new set of restrictions.  Accordingly, issuance, purchase and sales of capital 
market instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and its secondary legislation; as well 
as determination of obligations in connection therewith, may be denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currency. 
The impact of Decree 32 may have a negligible negative impact in the short term, but the Group’s management 
believes that this is a prudent action in the mid to long term in order to reduce the dependency of the Turkish 
economy on the U.S. dollar and to de-dollarise the Turkish economy. 
Restriction on Cross-Currency Derivatives Transactions  
On 13 August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under (i) cross-currency swap, spot and forward 
transactions entered into with non-resident counterparties involving purchase of TRY and sale of hard currency 
at the maturity; and, (ii) any other transaction akin to the cross-currency swaps having the same financial effect, 
to 50% of a bank’s regulatory capital, then reducing this level to 10% in February 2020. On 15 August 2018, 
50% threshold was reduced to 25%. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible 
adverse effects on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic, the 
BRSA issued a press release announcing that this level was reduced to 1%.  In line with the BRSA’s efforts to 
ease the regulatory restrictions, the 1% level was later increased to 10% on 25 September 2020.  Accordingly, 
now, in the case of a bank exceeding 10% level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until the 10% 
level (which is calculated on a daily basis) is attained; however, transactions conducted between local banks 
and their consolidated affiliates located abroad that qualify as a bank or financial institution are exempt from 
this restriction. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be cancellation or 
extension of the referred transactions.  
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products with non-resident counterparties involving sale of TRY and 
purchase of hard currency with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 10% of such bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital; provided that this restriction does not apply to transactions with a 
bank’s non-Turkish financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation. With its press 
release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by announcing that transactions with a remaining 
maturity of seven days shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s most recently calculated regulatory capital 
on any given calendar date. Such threshold was applied as 2% for transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 
days and 10% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year. In line with the BRSA’s efforts to ease 
the regulatory restrictions, the BRSA eased these thresholds during the COVID 19 pandemic several times. 
According to the BRSA latest decision on 11 November 2020, thresholds mentioned above shall now be applied 
as 5%, 10% and 30% for the transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days, thirty days and one year, 
respectively.   
Caps on Credit Card Interest Rates, POS Commission Rates, Demand Deposit Accounts Interest Rates 
and Fees for Commercial Customers 
The Central Bank adjusts from time to time the monthly cap on individual credit card interest rates, which was 
reduced most recently on 29 June 2019 from 2.15% to 2.0%, on 28 September 2019 to 1.60%, and on 28 
December 2019 to 1.40%.  With a communiqué published on 31 October 2020, the Central Bank has changed 
the methodology of determination of credit card interest caps. According to such communiqué, the monthly cap 
on individual credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions is to be determined by adding 55 basis points 
on the monthly reference rate published in accordance with the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. 
For FX transactions, such monthly cap is to be determined as 80% of the monthly cap for Turkish Lira 
transactions, by rounding to at most two decimal places. The monthly cap on default interest rates for credit 
card transactions is to be determined by adding a further 30 basis points. The monthly caps are published by the

--- Page 304 ---
290 
 
 
Central Bank on the 5th to last business day of each month on its official website and are applicable as of the 
first day of the next month. For December 2021, the Central Bank has published such rates as follows: (i) 1.80% 
as the monthly cap on individual credit card interest rates for Turkish Lira transactions, (ii) 2.10% as the monthly 
cap on default interest rates for Turkish Lira credit card transactions, (iii) 1.44% as the monthly cap on individual 
credit card interest rates for FX transactions and (iv) 1.74% as the monthly cap on default interest rates for FX 
credit card transactions. 
Further, on 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an amendment to the Communiqué on Deposit and 
Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates and Benefits in Credit 
Transactions Other than Interest (Mevduat ve Kredi Faiz Oranları ve Katılma Hesapları Kâr ve Zarara Katılma 
Oranları ile Kredi İşlemlerinde Faiz Dışında Sağlanacak Diğer Menfaatler Hakkında Tebliğ) published in the 
Official Gazette dated 9 December 2006 and numbered 26371 (the “Communiqué on Deposit and Loan 
Interest Rates”), capping the commission rates applied by the banks in their point of sale (“POS”) business. 
Accordingly, the POS commission rates applied by the banks in goods and service purchases were capped with 
1.60%, if the amounts from such purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day 
following the transaction.   
Later on, the Central Bank issued two new communiqués, namely the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan 
Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates (Mevduat ve Kredi Faiz Oranları 
ve Katılma Hesapları Kâr ve Zarara Katılma Oranları Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “New Communiqué on Deposit 
and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be Collected by 
Banks from Commercial Customers (Bankalarca Ticari Müşterilerden Alınabilecek Ücretlere İlişkin Usul ve 
Esaslar Hakkında Tebliğ) (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”) both published in the Official 
Gazette dated 10 February 2020 and numbered 31035 and will become effective as of 01 March 2020 (and for 
the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to the fees will become 
effective as of 01 April 2020).  The New Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates, which abolished 
and replaced the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest does not have any provisions regulating the POS 
commission rates; however, it introduced a cap to the interest rate applicable to demand deposit accounts.  
Accordingly, the interest rates to apply to deposit accounts are determined freely by the banks, except for the 
rates applying to demand deposit accounts, which cannot exceed 0.25% annually.   
POS commissions are regulated under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees and the POS 
commission rates applied by the banks in goods and service purchases are capped with the monthly reference 
rate to be determined by the Central Bank plus 0.45 points, if the amounts from such purchases are transferred 
by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction.  If the amounts from such purchases 
are not transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal the day following the transaction, such cap for 
commission rates are decreased by taking into account the number of days between the day of the transaction 
and the day on which the amounts from such purchases are transferred by the banks to the merchant’s disposal.  
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets forth standardized fees and caps for commercial 
customers.  Accordingly, credit allocation fees will not exceed 0.25% of the total credit limit allocated and credit 
utilisation fees will not exceed 1.10% of the total credit utilised.  For revolving facilities, utilisation fees can 
only be received periodically and cannot exceed 0.25% of the average credit limit for the relevant three-month 
period.  Moreover, the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees obliges the banks to accept prepayment in 
case a commercial customer requests to make a prepayment for its entire credit debt, in return for a prepayment 
fee. For loans with a term less than 24 month, this fee cannot exceed 1% of the amount paid by the customer to 
the bank following the deductions of the relevant interest amount and other cost elements.  For loans with a term 
of more than 24 months, this cap is set at 2% and for foreign currency denominated or indexed loans, such caps 
can be increased by one point. 
Pursuant to the amendments to the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, published in the Official 
Gazette dated 9 August 2021 and No. 31563, the fees relating to credit facilities extended under project finance, 
acquisition finance, privatization finance and structured finance, or refinancings of these facilities will not fall 
under the scope of commercial loans. In other words, such transactions will not be subject to the restrictions 
related to the fees under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees:

--- Page 305 ---
291 
 
 
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures 
In addition to the measures relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA 
announced on 23 March 2020 certain measures to support banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net 
foreign currency positions. Most of these temporary rules ceased to apply as of 30 June 2021, however as per a 
further decision of the BRSA dated 17 June 2021 and numbered 9624, the BRSA extended until 30 September 
2021 the temporary possibility granted to the banks to use the simple arithmetic average of the CBRT F/X 
buying rates for the last 252 business days before the calculation date, in the calculation of amount subject to 
credit risk in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, when calculating the value of monetary assets 
and non-monetary assets (excluding the F/X-denominated items valued at the historical cost) in accordance with 
the TAS and the relevant special provision amounts. Furthermore, the BRSA did extend certain measures with 
its decision dated 16 September 2021 and numbered 9795 that support the Bank’s net foreign currency 
provisions and the BRSA’s forbearances in the classification of non-performing, stage 1 and stage 2 loans.  
On 27 March 2020, in line with the Economic Stability Shield Package announced by President Erdoğan on 
18 March 2020, the Banks Association of Turkey issued a press release regarding a new “Check Payment Credit 
Support” and “Economic Stability Shield Credit Support” for banks. These governmental credit supports, 
pursuant to which banks were to be able to provide loans to corporate, commercial and (in particular) SME 
clients, were to have a maturity of 12 months and an interest rate of 9.5% per annum and will require no 
principal or interest payments for three months. The maximum credit amounts that may be lent by a Turkish 
bank to a customer under these support programmes were to be determined based upon such customer’s annual 
turnover. 
On 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced an asset ratio (the “Asset Ratio”) concept, which is calculated as 
follows: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the total amount of loans provided by the bank but excluding NPLs, (B) 0.75 
multiplied by the sum of: (1) the total amount of bonds in the bank’s portfolio excluding 
securities issued by issuers resident outside of Turkey and (2) the total amount of all debt 
instruments, including lease certificates and eurobonds, issued by the Turkish Treasury in the 
bank’s portfolio and (C) 0.50 multiplied by the amount of the bank’s swaps with the Central 
Bank pursuant to which the bank sells foreign currency and receives Turkish Lira, divided by 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the total amount of Turkish Lira deposits and participation funds but excluding 
interbank deposits and (B) 1.25 multiplied by the total amount of foreign currency deposits and 
participation funds (including in this clause (B) all gold and precious metal accounts); 
the monthly average of this ratio should not be lower than 100% for deposit-taking banks and 80% for 
participation banks; any failure to satisfy this minimum level subjects the applicable bank to a fine of up to 5% 
of the shortfall, which fine shall not be less that TL 500,000 in any case. As of 24 November 2020, this 
requirement was eliminated by the BRSA (effective as of 31 December 2020) as part of the normalisation 
process after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 22 April 2020, the Central Bank increased from 20% to 30% its limit on the amount of a bank’s swap sales 
(i.e., purchase of a bank’s foreign exchange by the Central Bank in return for Turkish Lira) in relation to such 
bank’s total foreign exchange transaction limits with the Central Bank. This change is expected to result in an 
increase in the foreign exchange reserves held by the Central Bank while enabling Turkish banks to access 
additional Turkish Lira funding. 
In line with the recommendations, with the intention to support its customers, the Bank started to postpone loan 
payments for three months upon request. As of 30 September 2021 the Bank’s postponed loans amount to TL 
17 billion corresponding to 4.5% of the Bank’s total cash loans. 
Recent Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual 
event of default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for 
debt restructuring upon settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law. In 
addition, changes were introduced to this law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual

--- Page 306 ---
292 
 
 
termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a 
concordat application and such application shall not constitute a breach of such agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”) pursuant to which a framework agreement (the “Framework Agreement”) was 
drafted by the Banks Association of Turkey. On 19 September 2018, the Banks Association of Turkey 
announced that Turkish banks (including the Bank) and other financial institutions, whose shares correspond to 
approximately 90% of the total loans in the market, executed the Framework Agreement, which entered into 
force on the same date following the approval of the BRSA. The main aim of the regulation is to enhance the 
repayment ability of debtors in repaying their debts to the financial sector in order for these companies to sustain 
their operations and contribute to the employment in Turkey. The Framework Agreement determined: (a) the 
scope of debts to be restructured, (b) the minimum qualifications of the eligible debtors, (c) the minimum debt 
amount to be restructured, (d) the content of the restructuring agreements and (e) the procedure to determine a 
debtor’s eligibility, which is the capacity of a debtor to repay its debts following the restructuring process in 
line with the repayment schedule. According to the Framework Agreement, debtors that have a principal debt 
of up to TL 100 million (including cash and non-cash debt) owed to the Eligible Creditors (as defined below) 
are eligible to apply to restructure their debts pursuant to the Framework Agreement applicable for small-scale 
debtors (the “Small-Scale Framework Agreement”) and those that have a principal debt of TL 100 million 
(including cash and non-cash debt) or more owed to the Eligible Creditors (as defined below) are eligible to 
apply to restructure their debts pursuant to the Framework Agreement applicable for large-scale debtors (the 
“Large-Scale Framework Agreement”). According to the Framework Agreement, the eligible debtor(s) and 
the applicable credit institutions may sign a restructuring agreement at any time through 19 July 2023 (as 
extended by two years by the presidential decree published in the Official Gazette dated 15 July 2021 and 
numbered 31542). As such, certain borrowers of the Bank have applied for restructuring of their debt under the 
Framework Agreement and certain existing or future borrowers of the Bank may apply in the future for such a 
restructuring. 
In this respect, eligible creditors (the “Eligible Creditors”) that have signed or will be signing the Framework 
Agreement will constitute a creditors consortium and, to the extent that a debtor is able to meet certain eligibility 
conditions set out in the Restructuring Regulation and the Framework Agreement (together the “New 
Restructuring Framework”), it will have the right to apply to one of the three Eligible Creditors carrying the 
highest three exposures to initiate the restructuring process. Pursuant to the Large-Scale Framework Agreement, 
when a debtor makes an application for restructuring, there is a minimum 90 day standstill period, which can 
be extended to 180 days (however, for the debtors which applied for a restructuring under the Large-Scale 
Framework Agreement between 1 March 2020 and 30 September 2020, a further 180 days’ period may be 
granted by two or more Eligible Creditors representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding debt of the debtor). 
If the restructuring agreement is signed, then, during the standstill period, all enforcement actions by the 
respective Eligible Creditors that sign the Framework Agreement are suspended and no new enforcement action 
can be initiated by such Eligible Creditors against such debtor. The debtor and any related party (including such 
debtor’s subsidiaries, other affiliates and their respective shareholders) are under the “equal treatment” principle 
during the standstill period, which requires them not to favour any Eligible Creditor over any other Eligible 
Creditor. Following the negotiations, if a restructuring protocol is entered into between such number of Eligible 
Creditors representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding debt of the debtor that has been agreed to be 
restructured under the Framework Agreement, then all Eligible Creditors that have signed the Framework 
Agreement must restructure their loans to such debtor. According to the New Restructuring Framework, a 
restructuring protocol may (inter alia) provide for a reduction of restructured debt, extension of maturities of 
the restructured debt, extension of new money loans, introduction of new framework for the governance of the 
debtor, injection of shareholder equity contribution, disposal of certain part of the business of the debtor and the 
provision of additional collaterals. 
The Restructuring Regulation was further amended on 21 November 2018 to enable foreign credit institutions 
to participate in the restructuring process under the Framework Agreement. According to the Restructuring 
Regulation, only debtors that are expected to gain the financial ability to repay their obligations in a reasonable 
period of time are allowed to benefit from financial restructuring. To this end, the solvency of such debtors that 
would like to benefit from a restructuring scheme is to be determined by the entities specified in the Framework 
Agreement. Furthermore, the Banking Law was amended on 19 July 2019 to incorporate, among others, a 
provisional article which forms the legislative basis of the Restructuring Regulation. Such amendments 
contemplate certain tax exemptions for, and suspension of execution proceedings against, debtors subject to

--- Page 307 ---
293 
 
 
restructuring, as well as a provision which states that reduction of collateral pool, write-off of principal or other 
receivables or such other actions taken by banks to effectuate the restructuring of loans shall not constitute 
embezzlement offence set out under Article 160 of the Banking Law.

--- Page 308 ---
294 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, including, 
but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment by a 
person who is a non-resident of Turkey in notes of a Turkish company issued abroad. The discussion is based 
upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended to constitute a 
complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that 
may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates to 
the beneficial interest of a person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct 
of a trade or business through a permanent establishment in Turkey. Each investor should consult its own tax 
advisers concerning the tax considerations applicable to its particular situation. This discussion is based upon 
laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject 
to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not describe any tax consequences: (a) arising 
under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Turkey or (b) applicable to a resident of Turkey or a 
permanent establishment in Turkey resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or 
appointment of a permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Turkey if its corporate domicile is in Turkey or its 
effective place of management is in Turkey. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide 
income, whereas a non-resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through 
a permanent establishment or on income otherwise sourced in Turkey. 
An individual is a resident of Turkey if such individual has established domicile in Turkey or stays in Turkey 
more than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Turkey for six 
months or more for a specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income 
Tax Law may not be treated as a resident of Turkey, depending on the characteristics of their stay. A resident 
individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his or her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only 
liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Turkey. 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Turkey when the principal is invested in Turkey. Capital gain is 
considered sourced in Turkey when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed or accounted 
for in Turkey. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Turkey, or if the payment is made 
abroad, it is recorded in the books in Turkey or apportioned from the profits of the payer or the person on whose 
behalf the payment is made in Turkey. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident person is the final tax for the non-resident 
person and no further declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident person sourced in Turkey that 
has not been subject to withholding tax will be subject to taxation through declaration where exemptions are 
reserved. 
Interest paid on notes (such as the Notes) issued abroad by Turkish corporates is subject to withholding tax. 
Through the Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of notes issued 
abroad as follows: 
• 
7 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of less than one year, 
 
• 
3 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three 
years, and 
 
• 
0 per cent. withholding tax for notes with an original maturity of three years and more.

--- Page 309 ---
295 
 
 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Turkey 
with respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration. However, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 of the 
Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by the Law numbered 6111, special or separate tax returns will not be 
submitted for capital gains from the notes of a Turkish corporate issued abroad when the income is derived by 
a non-resident. Therefore, no tax is levied on non-resident persons in respect of capital gains from the Notes 
and no declaration is required. The Provisional Article 67 is valid until the end of 2025. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its 
investment in the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty 
relating thereto. 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current Turkish laws and regulations, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a Turkish corporate to 
a non-resident holder will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate between 10 per cent. and 0 per cent. in Turkey, 
as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Turkey and the country of the holder of the notes (in some cases, 
for example, pursuant to the treaties with the United Kingdom and the United States, the term “beneficial 
owner” is used), which provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be 
applied by the corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of withholding tax at a 
reduced rate that benefits from the provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Turkey and the country 
where the investor is a resident, an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority 
referred to in Article 3 of the Treaty is required, together with a translated copy translated by a translation office, 
to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide gains in the relevant country on the basis of 
resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office directly or through the banks and 
intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding tax. In the event the certificate of residence is 
not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent delivery of the certificate of 
residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant double taxation 
treaty and the Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments over the bonds are exempt from the Value Added Tax (“VAT”) pursuant 
to the Article 17/4(g) of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended with the Turkish Tax Bill 
Regarding Improvement of the Investment Environment (Law No. 6728), published in the Official Gazette dated 
9 August 2016 and numbered 29796. 
Certain United States Federal Income Taxation Consequences 
Except where otherwise stated, the following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Registered Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that acquired 
such Registered Notes at initial issuance at their published offer price, that will hold the Registered Notes as 
capital assets, and whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar. This summary does not address the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme, and the relevant 
Final Terms or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will contain additional or modified disclosure concerning 
the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as appropriate. The discussion 
does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to the acquisition, ownership or 
disposition of Registered Notes by particular investors. In particular, this summary does not discuss all of the 
tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. 
federal income tax laws (such as banks and other financial institutions, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in 
securities or currencies, traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting, persons 
who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as U.S. lawful permanent residents, investors using the accrual 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes and who are required to recognize income for such 
purposes no later than when such income is taken into account in an applicable financial statement and investors 
that will hold the Registered Notes as part of straddles, hedging or conversion transactions, or as part of a 
synthetic security for U.S. federal income tax purposes).

--- Page 310 ---
296 
 
 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Registered Notes that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes: (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, or other entity 
treated as a corporation, created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, the District of Columbia, 
or any State thereof; (iii) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to 
its source; or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions 
of the trust. 
If a partnership (or any other entity treated as fiscally transparent for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and 
the activities of the partnership. Any such partner or partnership should consult their tax advisers as to the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to them of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes. 
Bearer Notes are not being offered to U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to 
limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Code. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS TO DETERMINE THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF ACQUIRING, OWNING AND DISPOSING OF REGISTERED NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE APPLICATION TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED BELOW, AS WELL AS THE APPLICATION OF THE 
ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX AND ANY STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
The Issuer generally intends to treat Notes issued under the Programme as debt. Certain Notes, however, may 
be treated as equity or some other type of instrument or interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The tax 
treatment of Notes to which a treatment other than debt may apply may be discussed in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. This summary does not discuss Notes with a maturity of greater than 30 years, the impact of 
redenomination of a Note, Notes that by their terms may be retired for an amount less than their principal amount 
and Notes subject to special rules.  
This summary is based on the Code, as amended, existing and proposed treasury regulations, administrative 
pronouncements and judicial decisions, each as of the date hereof. All of the foregoing is subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect, or differing interpretations which could affect the tax consequences described 
herein. Any special U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to a particular issue of the Notes will be 
provided in the relevant Final Terms or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Payment of Interest 
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency other than U.S. dollars ("foreign currency" 
interest on a "Foreign Currency Note"), other than interest on a Discount Note that is not "qualified stated 
interest" (each as defined below under "Original Issue Discount – General"), will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as 
ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting 
for tax purposes. Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and original issue discount ("OID"), if any, accrued 
with respect to the Notes (as described below under "Original Issue Discount – General") generally will 
constitute income from sources outside the United States for the purposes of the rules regarding the foreign tax 
credit allowable to a U.S. Holder (and the limitations imposed thereon). Prospective purchasers should consult 
their tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications of the payment of any foreign taxes with respect 
to the Notes (if applicable). 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
A Note that only provides for the payment of amounts that are qualified stated interest before maturity, other 
than a Note with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Note"), will be treated as issued with OID (a 
"Discount Note") if the excess of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to 
or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied 
by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other 
than qualified stated interest before maturity (an "instalment obligation") will be treated as a Discount Note if 
the excess of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25

--- Page 311 ---
297 
 
 
per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the 
Note. A Note's weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on 
a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date 
until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and 
the denominator of which is the Note's stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Note 
will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is 
sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of 
underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of 
all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of qualified stated interest. A qualified stated interest 
payment generally is any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable 
at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or a 
variable rate (in the circumstances described under "– Variable Interest Rate Notes"), applied to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Note (qualified stated interest). Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Note 
has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the 
Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield 
on the Note. If a Note has de minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as 
stated principal payments are made on the Note, unless the U.S. Holder makes the election described under "– 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount". A U.S. Holder can determine the includible amount 
with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the Note's de minimis OID by a fraction 
equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated principal amount of the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant yield method before the 
receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly greater 
amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder 
of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during 
the taxable year or the portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note ("accrued 
OID"). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the 
OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by 
the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Notes as long as: (i) no accrual period is longer 
than one year; and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or 
first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of: (a) the 
product of the Discount Note's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount 
Note's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and 
properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated 
interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period. The adjusted issue price of a Discount Note at the beginning 
of any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by: (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior 
accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not 
qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the stated redemption price at 
maturity (the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified 
stated interest), but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition premium") and 
that does not make the election described under "– Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount", is 
permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. 
Holder's adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note's adjusted issue price, and the 
denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other 
than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note's adjusted issue price. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant yield 
method described under "– General", with certain modifications. For the purposes of this election, interest 
includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated 
interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described under "– Notes Purchased at a Premium") or 
acquisition premium. If a U.S. Holder makes this election for the Note, then, when the constant yield method is 
applied the issue price of the Note will equal its cost, the issue date of the Note will be the date of acquisition,

--- Page 312 ---
298 
 
 
and no payments on the Note will be treated as payments of qualified stated interest. This election generally 
will apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the 
United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). However, if the Note has amortisable bond premium, the U.S. 
Holder will be deemed to have made an election to apply amortisable bond premium against interest for all debt 
instruments with amortisable bond premium (other than debt instruments, the interest on which is excludible 
from gross income) held as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the election applies or any taxable year 
thereafter. If the election to apply the constant yield method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to a 
Market Discount Note (as defined below under "– Market Discount"), the electing U.S. Holder will be treated 
as having made the election discussed under "– Market Discount" to include market discount in income currently 
over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder. U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the advisability and consequences of making this election. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue OID 
(calculated as set forth below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it 
elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is received). Accrual 
basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight 
line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant yield method (based on daily compounding). In the 
case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the 
sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight 
line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant yield method) through the date of 
sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will 
be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not 
exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For the purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-Term 
Note are included in the Short-Term Note's stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder may elect to 
determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to the U.S. Holder 
at the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election shall apply to all obligations with a 
maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which 
the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, that is not acquired at its original issue generally will be treated as 
purchased at a market discount (a "Market Discount Note") if the Note's stated redemption price at maturity 
(sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated interest) 
or, in the case of a Discount Note, the Note's revised issue price, exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder 
purchased the Note by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue 
price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note's maturity (or, in the case of a Note 
that is an instalment obligation, the Note's weighted average maturity). If this excess is not sufficient to cause 
the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes de minimis market discount. For this purpose, 
the revised issue price of a Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has 
accrued on the Note and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not 
qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on a 
Note that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the gain does not 
exceed the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may 
elect to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note. This election will apply to all debt 
instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable 
year to which the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. 
Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount in income currently generally 
will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount 
Note that is in excess of the interest and OID on the Note includible in the U.S. Holder's income, to the extent 
that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of the market discount allocable to the days on 
which the Market Discount Note was held by the U.S. Holder.

--- Page 313 ---
299 
 
 
Market discount will accrue on a straight line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market discount 
on a constant yield method. This constant yield election applies only to the Market Discount Note with respect 
to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount (or, for a Discount Note, 
the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated 
interest) may elect to treat the excess as amortisable bond premium, in which case the amount required to be 
included in the U.S. Holder's income each year with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount 
of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Note's yield to maturity) to that year. Any election to 
amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds, (other than bonds, the interest on which is excludable from 
gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable 
year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the 
consent of the IRS. Please see also "– Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount". A U.S. Holder 
that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will generally 
recognise a capital loss when the Note matures. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
Generally, a Floating Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” if: (a) its issue price does not 
exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the Floating Rate Note by more than an amount 
equal to the lesser of (i) 0.015 multiplied by the product of the total noncontingent principal payments and the 
number of complete years to maturity from the issue date or (ii) 15% of the total noncontingent principal 
payments; (b) it does not provide for stated interest other than stated interest that pays or compounds at least 
annually at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating 
rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse 
floating rate; and (c) each qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the 
Note is set at a current value of that rate (i.e., the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier than three months 
prior to the first day on which the value is in effect and no later than one year following that first day). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where: (a) variations in the value of such rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which 
the Floating Rate Notes are denominated; or (b) the rate is equal to a rate specified in (a) multiplied by either a 
fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35; or (c) the rate is equal to a rate specified in (a) 
or (b), increased or decreased by a fixed rate. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably 
be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Floating Rate Notes together will 
constitute a single qualified floating rate. Two or more qualified floating rates will be presumed to meet the 
requirements of the previous sentence if the values of all rates on the issue date are within 25 bps of each other. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate is not a qualified floating rate if it is subject to certain restrictions 
(including caps, floors, governors or other similar restrictions) unless such restrictions are fixed throughout the 
term of the Note or are not reasonably expected to significantly affect the yield on the Note. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that: (a) is not a qualified floating rate; and (b) is determined using a single fixed 
formula that is based on objective financial or economic information that is not within the control of or unique 
to the circumstances of the issuer or a related party. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of such rate 
during the first half of the Floating Rate Notes’ term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater 
than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Floating Rate Notes’ term. A “qualified inverse 
floating rate,” is any objective rate where such rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, and 
the variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the cost 
of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Floating Rate Notes are denominated.  
Generally, if a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest (payable unconditionally at least annually) at a 
fixed rate for an initial period of one (1) year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a single qualified 
floating rate or a single objective rate, and the value of the variable rate on the Floating Rate Notes’ issue date 
is intended to approximate the fixed rate, then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either 
a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. If the Notes pay interest at a single objective 
rate or a single qualified floating rate, the amount of original issue discount allocated to an accrual period, if

--- Page 314 ---
300 
 
 
any, is determined by using the constant yield method with a fixed rate equal to, in the case of a qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified 
inverse floating rate, or, for any other objective rate, a fixed rate that reflects the yield reasonably expected for 
such Floating Rate Note. 
If a Floating Rate Note that is a variable rate debt instrument does not provide for stated interest at a single 
qualified floating rate or single objective rate, or at a single fixed rate (other than at a single fixed rate for an 
initial period), the amount of qualified stated interest and the amount and accrual of original issue discount on 
the Note are generally determined by: (a) determining a fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided 
under the Floating Rate Note (generally, the value of each variable rate as of the issue date or, in the case of an 
objective rate that is not a qualified inverse floating rate, a rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected 
for the Note); (b) constructing the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (using the fixed rate substitutes described 
above); (c) determining the amount of qualified stated interest and original issue discount with respect to the 
equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (by applying the general original issue discount rules as described above 
in “Original Issue Discount”); and (d) making the appropriate adjustment for actual variable rates during the 
applicable accrual period. 
If a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest either at one or more qualified floating rates or at a qualified 
inverse floating rate and in addition provides for stated interest at a single fixed rate (other than a single fixed 
rate for an initial period), a U.S. Holder generally must determine the amount of interest and original issue 
discount accruals by using the method described in the preceding paragraph with the modification that the 
Floating Rate Note is treated, for purposes of the first three steps of the determination, as if it provided for a 
qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate, if the Note provides for a qualified inverse floating 
rate) rather than the fixed rate. The qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate) replacing the fixed 
rate must be such that the fair market value of the Note as of the issue date would be approximately the same as 
the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for a qualified floating rate (or 
qualified inverse floating rate) rather than a fixed rate. 
A Floating Rate Note that does not qualify as a variable rate debt instrument will be treated as a contingent 
payment debt obligation. The proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of such a Note will be more fully 
described in the relevant supplemental prospectus. 
Substitution of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in relation to any Notes which pay a Floating Rate of 
Interest following a Benchmark Event 
Following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest on any Notes which pay a floating rate of 
interest will be determined on the basis of the applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. It is possible that 
such replacement of the Original Reference Rate with a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be treated as 
a significant modification of such Notes. In such event, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Notes would 
be treated as having been exchanged for new notes (a “deemed exchange”) and a U.S. Holder could be required 
to recognize taxable gain with respect to such Notes as a result of the “deemed exchange”. In addition, such 
Notes may be treated as being issued with OID. Proposed Treasury Regulations describe circumstances under 
which a replacement of the Original Reference Rate with a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or related 
adjustments to the interest rate on the Notes) would not be treated as a deemed exchange and would not affect 
the calculation of OID, provided certain conditions are met. It cannot be determined at this time whether the 
final Treasury Regulations on this issue will contain the same standards as the proposed Treasury Regulations. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a substitution of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference 
Rate and Benchmark Amendments may be considered as ocurring pursuant to the original terms of the Notes, 
in which case, a “deemed exchange” should not occur and a U.S. Holder should not be required to recognize 
taxable gain with respect to the notes. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors in this regard. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID or market 
discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with 
respect to the Note, and reduced by: (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest 
payments; and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Note.

--- Page 315 ---
301 
 
 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the Note. The amount realised on the 
sale or retirement of a Note is taxable as interest income to the extent of accrued but unpaid interest not 
previously included in income. Except to the extent described under "Original Issue Discount – Market 
Discount", "Original Issue Discount – Short-Term Notes" or "Contingent Payment Notes" or attributable to 
accrued but unpaid interest or changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the 
sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and generally will be treated as from U.S. sources for 
purposes of the U.S. foreign tax credit limitation. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate or 
trust, the maximum marginal federal income tax rate applicable to capital gains is currently lower than the 
maximum marginal rate applicable to ordinary income if the Notes are held for more than one year. The 
deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. 
Contingent Payment Notes  
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including Notes with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as "variable rate debt instruments" for purposes 
of the original issue discount rules) they generally will be "contingent payment debt instruments" for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent payment debt instruments, 
no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. Holder must account for interest 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and the differences between actual payments 
on the Note and the Note's "projected payment schedule" as described below. The comparable yield is 
determined by the Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes. The comparable yield may be greater than or less 
than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the Notes. Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of 
interest income that a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, the Issuer 
will be required to construct a "projected payment schedule" that represents a series of payments the amount 
and timing of which would produce a yield to maturity on the contingent payment debt instrument equal to the 
comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the Issuer 
regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments, unless 
the Holder timely discloses and justifies the use of a different comparable yield and projected payment schedule 
to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will be 
required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, adjusted 
upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount of any 
contingent payments on the contingent payment instrument (as set forth below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive adjustment, 
i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument 
for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over actual payments, in 
respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
• 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a 
Holder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and 
• 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess as does not 
exceed the excess of: 
- 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt instrument over 
- 
the total amount of the U.S. Holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on the contingent 
payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the two per cent. floor limitation imposed on miscellaneous 
deductions. Any net negative adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to 
offset future interest income in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount

--- Page 316 ---
302 
 
 
realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment debt instrument. Where a U.S. Holder 
purchases a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference 
between the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions of 
interest or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining term 
and treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which it is 
allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement and the Holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's adjusted 
basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the acquisition cost of the Note, 
increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. Holder on the Note under these rules, disregarding any 
net positive and net negative adjustments, and decreased by the amount of any noncontingent payments and the 
projected amount of any contingent payments previously made on the Note. A U.S. Holder generally will treat 
any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous interest 
inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and 
the balance as capital loss. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In addition, if a Holder 
recognises loss above certain thresholds, the Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a contingent 
payment debt instrument equal to the fair market value of the property, determined at the time of retirement. 
The Holder's holding period for the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt. 
Special rules apply to contingent payment debt instruments that are denominated, or provide for payments, in a 
currency other than the U.S. dollar ("Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes"). Very generally, these 
Notes are accounted for like a contingent payment debt instrument, as described above, but in the currency of 
the Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes. The relevant amounts must then be translated into U.S. 
dollars. The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Notes are complex and U.S. Holders are 
urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of such Notes. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of 
income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based on 
the spot rate of exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. dollars. An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with 
respect to an interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance 
with either of two methods. 
Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect 
during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. 
Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to 
determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the spot rate of exchange rate in effect on the last day 
of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect 
on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually 
received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder 
may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual 
receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first 
taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable 
without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the 
sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the U.S. Holder 
may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference 
between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount 
previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.

--- Page 317 ---
303 
 
 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same manner as 
stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above under "– Interest". Upon receipt of 
an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale of the Note), a U.S. 
Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate of exchange on the date of 
receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. 
dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market Discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, will be 
accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income currently, the 
accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period 
(or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to accrued 
market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as 
ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that does 
not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the disposition or maturity of the 
Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date, and no 
part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond premium that is 
taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or 
loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by the difference between the spot rate of exchange in effect 
on that date, and on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in 
a Foreign Currency Note will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Note. The U.S. dollar 
cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on 
the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, as defined in the 
applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. 
Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of 
this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, 
as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. 
Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale. Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must 
be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the 
sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. Holder's 
purchase price for the Note: (i) on the date of sale or retirement; and (ii) on the date on which the U.S. Holder 
acquired the Note. Any exchange rate gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note (including any 
exchange rate gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest and OID in the transaction) 
shall be realised only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised on the transaction. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax basis equal 
to its U.S. dollar value at the time the interest is received or at the time of the sale or retirement. Foreign currency

--- Page 318 ---
304 
 
 
that is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on the 
date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency (including its 
use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 
Other Notes 
A description of the principal U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. Holders of any other type 
of Note that the Issuer may issue under the Programme will be set forth, if required, in the relevant Final Terms 
or a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. Holders are required to report information relating to an interest in the Notes, subject to certain 
exceptions (including an exception for Notes held in accounts maintained by financial institutions in which case 
such accounts may be reportable if maintained by a foreign financial institution). U.S. Holders are urged to 
consult their tax advisors regarding their information reporting obligations, if any, with respect to their 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Reportable Transaction Reporting 
Under certain U.S. Treasury regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in “reportable transactions” (as defined 
in the regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on IRS Form 8886. 
A reportable transaction includes transactions involving foreign currency losses exceeding a statutory amount. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possible obligation to file IRS Form 8886 with 
respect to the ownership or disposition of the Notes, or any related transaction, including without limitation, the 
disposition of any foreign currency received as interest or as proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the 
Notes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Payments of interest and accrued OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition 
of, Notes, payable to a U.S. Holder by a paying agent or other intermediary, may be subject to information 
reporting to the IRS. In addition, certain U.S. Holders may be subject to backup withholding tax in respect of 
such payments if they do not provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status 
to a paying agent or other intermediary or otherwise comply with the applicable backup withholding 
requirements. 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. 
Holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the 
U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS in the manner 
required. Certain U.S. Holders (including, among others, corporations) are not subject to information reporting 
or backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for exemption 
from information reporting and/or backup withholding. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding any filing or reporting requirements that may apply 
to their purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes. Failure to comply with certain reporting obligations could 
result in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes is, 
however, expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least

--- Page 319 ---
305 
 
 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 320 ---
306 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
A fiduciary of a pension, profit-sharing or other employee benefit plan, including entities such as collective 
investment funds, partnerships and separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans, 
that are subject to Title I of ERISA (collectively, “ERISA Plans”), should consider the fiduciary standards of 
ERISA in the context of the ERISA Plan’s particular circumstances before authorizing an investment in the 
Notes. Accordingly, among other factors, the fiduciary should consider whether the investment would satisfy 
the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA and would be consistent with the documents and 
instruments governing the ERISA Plan, and whether the investment would involve a prohibited transaction 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as plans (including 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans) that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with 
ERISA Plans, “Plans”), from engaging in certain transactions involving “plan assets” with persons who are 
“parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the Code (“Parties in Interest”) with respect 
to the Plan. A violation of these prohibited transaction rules may result in civil penalties or other liabilities under 
ERISA and/or an excise tax under Section 4975 of the Code for those persons, unless exemptive relief is 
available under an applicable statutory, regulatory or administrative exemption. Certain employee benefit plans 
and arrangements including those that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain 
church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of 
ERISA) (“Non-ERISA Arrangements”) are not subject to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but may be subject to similar provisions under applicable federal, state, 
local or non-U.S. laws or regulations (“Similar Laws”). 
The acquisition or holding of the Notes by a Plan with respect to which we or a dealer or certain of our or its 
affiliates is or becomes a Party in Interest may constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code, unless those Notes are acquired and held pursuant to and in accordance with an 
applicable exemption. Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide an exemption 
for the purchase and sale of securities where neither the issuer nor any of its affiliates has or exercises any 
discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan involved 
in the transaction and the Plan pays no more and receives no less than “adequate consideration” in connection 
with the transaction. The U.S. Department of Labor has also issued five prohibited transaction class exemptions, 
or “PTCEs”, that may provide exemptive relief if required for direct or indirect prohibited transactions that may 
arise from the purchase or holding of the Notes. These exemptions are: 
• 
PTCE 84-14, an exemption for certain transactions determined or effected by independent qualified 
professional asset managers; 
• 
PTCE 90-1, an exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate 
accounts; 
• 
PTCE 91-38, an exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds; 
• 
PTCE 95-60, an exemption for transactions involving certain insurance company general accounts; and 
• 
PTCE 96-23, an exemption for plan asset transactions managed by in-house asset managers. 
There can be no assurance that any of these statutory or class exemptions will be available with respect to 
transactions involving the Notes. 
Unless provided otherwise in a supplement to the Base Prospectus, the Notes will be eligible for purchase by 
Plans. Any purchaser or transferee (and if the purchaser or transferee is a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, its 
fiduciary or trustee) of Notes (or any interest therein) will be deemed to have represented and warranted by its 
acquisition and holding of the Notes (or any interest therein) that either (1) it is not a Plan and is not acquiring 
or holding the Notes (or any interest therein) on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan, and it is not a Non-
ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law, or (2) its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the 
Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a Non-ERISA Arrangement, will not constitute or 
result in a violation of the provisions of any Similar Law.

--- Page 321 ---
307 
 
 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-
exempt prohibited transactions, it is important that fiduciaries or other persons considering purchasing Notes on 
behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement consult with their counsel regarding 
the availability of exemptive relief under any of the PTCEs listed above, the service provider exemption or any 
other applicable exemption, or the potential consequences of any acquisition or holding of Notes under Similar 
Laws, as applicable. 
Each purchaser and holder of a Note (or any interest therein) that is a Plan will be deemed to represent, warrant 
and agree on each day on which such beneficial owner acquires such Note or interest therein through and 
including the date on which it disposes of such Note or interest therein that (i) none of the Issuer, Arrangers, or 
Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (the “Transaction Parties”) has provided or will provide any 
investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Plan, or to any fiduciary or other person 
investing the assets of the Plan (the “Fiduciary”), in connection with its acquisition of the Notes, and (ii) the 
Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgement in evaluating the investment in the Notes. 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee is a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, its 
fiduciary or trustee) of the Notes has exclusive responsibility for ensuring that its purchase, holding and 
subsequent disposition of the Notes does not violate the fiduciary or prohibited transaction rules of ERISA, 
Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable Similar Laws. The sale of any Notes to any Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement is in no respect a representation by us or any of our affiliates or representatives that such an 
investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Plans or Non-ERISA 
Arrangements generally or any particular Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement, or that such an investment is 
appropriate for Plans or Non-ERISA Arrangements generally or any particular Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement.

--- Page 322 ---
308 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 22 December 
2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme. Subject 
to the terms agreed for any specific Tranche of Notes, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse any relevant Dealer(s) 
for certain expenses in connection with the issue of a Tranche of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify 
any relevant Dealer(s) against certain liabilities which may be incurred by them in connection therewith.  
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making an offer, resale, pledge or transfer of any of the Notes. References to Notes in this section should, as 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Notes themselves and/or beneficial interests therein. 
Turkey 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB required for the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been 
authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law and related legislation, the Capital 
Markets Law and related regulations. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or 
sold outside of Turkey in accordance with the CMB Approval. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has 
authorised the offering, sale and issue of any Notes within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition 
that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) by way of public 
offering or private placement in Turkey may be engaged in. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665), the BRSA 
decision dated 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Turkey: (a) in the 
secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a currency 
other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) in both the 
primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in 
Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that (for each of clauses 
(a) and (b)) such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks authorised by the BRSA or licensed brokerage 
institutions authorised pursuant to the CMB regulations and the purchase price is transferred through such 
licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such banks or licensed brokerage institutions while 
purchasing the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase price through such licensed 
banks. 
An issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) and/or a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) in respect of 
each Tranche of Notes shall be prepared by, and the CMB approval thereof shall be obtained by, the Issuer prior 
to the issue date of each such Tranche of Notes. The Issuer shall maintain the authorisation and approval of the 
CMB as necessary for the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme. In particular, in order to issue 
any further Tranche of Notes after 25 March 2022 the Bank will be required to renew its CMB approval which, 
in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 25 March 2022, if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 25 March 2021 under the 
Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the 
issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes issued and sold following 25 March 2021 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes. 
Monies paid for purchases of Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
***

--- Page 323 ---
309 
 
 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with 
a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an interest 
from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to 
acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a 
view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, 
represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation 
S are used herein as defined therein):  
(a) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that it is not formed for the purpose of investing in the Issuer; 
(c) 
that it, and each account for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at last the minimum 
denomination of the Notes; 
(d) 
that it understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities 
from one or more book-entry depositories; 
(e) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Note have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and the Issuer has not registered and does 
not intend to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and, accordingly, the Notes 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
as set forth below; 
(f) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes 
or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the expiration of the applicable required holding 
period determined pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act from the later of the last Issue Date for the Series 
and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (a) to the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a 
QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (d) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (e) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(g) 
 it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser or transferee, as applicable, of 
the Notes from it of the resale and transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (g) above, if then applicable; 
(h) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented 
by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(i) 
that it understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Notes represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Note that is a U.S. person and is not a QIB to sell its interest in such Notes, or may sell 
such interest on behalf of such owner. The Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest in 
any Rule 144A Global Note to a U.S. person who is not a QIB. Any purported transfer of an interest in a Rule 
144A Global Note to a purchaser that does not comply with the requirements of the transfer restrictions herein 
will be of no force and effect and will be void; 
(j) 
except as otherwise provided in a supplement to the Base Prospectus, (a) either: (i) it is not a Plan and 
is not acquiring or holding the Notes (or any interest therein) on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any Plan, and 
it is not a Non-ERISA Arrangement subject to Similar Law; or (ii) its acquisition, holding and subsequent 
disposition of such Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a Non-ERISA 
Arrangement, will not constitute or result in a violation of Similar Law; and (b) if it is a Plan, (i) none of the 
Transaction Parties has provided or will provide any investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21) of

--- Page 324 ---
310 
 
 
ERISA to the Plan, or to the Fiduciary, in connection with its acquisition of the Notes, and (ii) the Fiduciary is 
exercising its own independent judgement in evaluating the investment in the Notes. Any purported purchase 
or transfer of such Notes or interests therein that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void; 
(k)  
to the extent Plans or Non-ERISA Arrangements are prohibited from purchasing a Note or any interest 
therein under a supplement to this Base Prospectus, it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note (or any interest 
therein) it will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, a Plan, or a non-ERISA 
Arrangement subject to Similar Law. Any purported purchase or transfer of such Note (or interest therein) that 
does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void; 
(l) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING 
SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) (“QIB”), PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBs IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
U.S.$200,000 (OR THE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) THAT IS NOT, 
IN EACH CASE, (i) A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A 
DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED 
ISSUERS, (ii) FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER AND (iii) A PLAN 
OR TRUST FUND REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (a)(1)(i)(D), (E) OR (F) OF RULE 144A IF 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PLAN ARE MADE BY THE 
BENEFICIARIES OF THE PLAN; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND, PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED HOLDING PERIOD 
DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE LATER OF 
THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN 
(1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A 
PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT 
TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT 
OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF 
THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THE SECURITY. 
ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) WHICH IS NOT MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH 
HEREIN WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE NULL AND VOID AND WILL NOT 
OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS. IN 
ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, IN THE EVENT OF A TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) TO A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S THAT IS NOT A QIB, THE ISSUER MAY (A) COMPEL SUCH TRANSFEREE 
TO SELL THIS SECURITY OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO A PERSON WHO (I) IS A U.S.

--- Page 325 ---
311 
 
 
PERSON WHO IS A QIB THAT IS OTHERWISE QUALIFIED TO PURCHASE THIS SECURITY 
OR INTEREST HEREIN IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION 
S IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S OR (B) 
COMPEL SUCH TRANSFEREE TO SELL THIS SECURITY OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO A 
PERSON DESIGNATED BY OR ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE 
LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE ORIGINAL TRANSFEREE, 
(Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF OR (Z) THE FAIR MARKET 
VALUE THEREOF. THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF 
THIS SECURITY OR INTEREST HEREIN TO A U.S. PERSON WHO IS NOT A QIB. EACH 
TRANSFEROR OF THIS SECURITY WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT TO ITS 
TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND NOR DOES IT INTEND TO 
REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL BE DEEMED BY SUCH PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON WHICH 
THE PURCHASER ACQUIRES THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THROUGH 
AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER DISPOSES OF THIS SECURITY 
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN A SUPPLEMENT 
TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS, (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING OR 
HOLDING THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF OF OR WITH “PLAN 
ASSETS” OF, AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), AN 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE OR ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF 
ERISA OR THE CODE TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, A “PLAN”) 
OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-US PLAN SUBJECT TO FEDERAL STATE, 
LOCAL OR NON-US LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”) OR (II) ITS 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN), WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR, IN 
THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-US PLAN, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAWS, AND (B) IF IT IS A PLAN, (I) NONE 
OF THE ISSUER, ARRANGERS, OR DEALERS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES 
(THE “TRANSACTION PARTIES”) HAS PROVIDED OR WILL PROVIDE ANY INVESTMENT 
ADVICE WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA TO THE PLAN, OR TO ANY 
FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN (THE 
“FIDUCIARY”), IN CONNECTION WITH ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY, AND (II) 
THE FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGEMENT IN EVALUATING 
THE INVESTMENT IN THIS SECURITY. ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF 
THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE 
FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID. 
THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL HOLDER HEREOF TO CERTIFY 
PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH OWNER IS A QIB. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO

--- Page 326 ---
312 
 
 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON).”; 
(m) 
that the Notes in registered form which are registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will bear an 
additional legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, 
AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY 
PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER 
NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY 
AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, 
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY 
TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE 
OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.”; 
(n) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the Notes), it will 
do so only (a) (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (ii) 
to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and 
it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise 
agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and 
(o) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or agreements 
made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a 
fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to 
each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements on behalf of each such account.

--- Page 327 ---
313 
 
 
Selling Restrictions 
Turkey  
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB required for the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. Pursuant to the CMB Approval, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been 
authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law and related legislation, the Capital 
Markets Law and related regulations. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or 
sold outside of Turkey in accordance with the CMB Approval. Under the CMB Approval, the CMB has 
authorised the offering, sale and issue of any Notes within the scope of such CMB Approval on the condition 
that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) by way of public 
offering or private placement in Turkey may be engaged in.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665), the BRSA 
decision dated 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Turkey: (a) in the 
secondary markets only, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a currency 
other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) in both the 
primary and secondary markets, may purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in 
Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that (for each of clauses 
(a) and (b)) such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks authorised by the BRSA or licensed brokerage 
institutions authorised pursuant to the CMB regulations and the purchase price is transferred through such 
licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions 
while purchasing the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and transfer the purchase price through such licensed 
banks. 
An issuance certificate (ihraç belgesi) and/or a tranche issuance certificate (tertip ihraç belgesi) in respect of 
each Tranche of Notes shall be prepared by, and the CMB approval thereof shall be obtained by, the Issuer prior 
to the issue date of each such Tranche of Notes. The Issuer shall maintain the authorisation and approval of the 
CMB as necessary for the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme. In particular, in order to issue 
any further Tranche of Notes after 25 March 2022 the Bank will be required to renew its CMB approval which, 
in line with the relevant regulations, was granted for a one-year period. Furthermore, until 25 March 2022, if 
and when the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes issued and sold following 25 March 2021 under the 
Programme exceeds U.S.$7,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the 
issuance and sale of any further tranche of Notes and, additionally, if and when the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes issued and sold following 25 March 2021 that meet the qualifications specified in the Equity Regulation 
and that may be included in the calculation of equity of the Bank under the Programme exceeds 
U.S.$2,000,000,000, the Bank will be required to obtain a new CMB approval prior to the issuance and sale of 
any further tranche of such Notes. 
Monies paid for purchases of Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”), 
each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the

--- Page 328 ---
314 
 
 
Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
the two preceding paragraphs have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the “Code”).  
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms each Dealer will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree) that: 
(a) except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any substantially 
identical successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially 
identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”), 
(i) that it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) that it has not delivered 
and it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during 
the restricted period;  
(b) it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that such Notes may 
not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules;  
(c) if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with their 
original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the 
requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any substantially identical successor United 
States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations 
issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United 
States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010);  
(d) with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations and agreements 
contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf; and  
(e) it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) 
(or any substantially identical successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, 
substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
that purchases any Bearer Notes from it pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that 
is one of its affiliates or is another Dealer), for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations 
contained in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and 
(d) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder, 
including the D Rules.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes 
is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other 
currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of 
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b)

--- Page 329 ---
315 
 
 
thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by 
such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4).  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
United Kingdom

--- Page 330 ---
316 
 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(C) 
 at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
• 
For the purposes of this provision the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions

--- Page 331 ---
317 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
People’s Republic of China  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or delivered or will 
offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes to any person for reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly 
or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special 
Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan) in contravention of any applicable laws. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 332 ---
318 
 
 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure 
or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland

--- Page 333 ---
319 
 
 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree that the Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in Notes. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to 
admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 334 ---
320 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Bank is registered at the Istanbul Trade Registry under number 32736. It has its principal office at Yapı 
Kredi Plaza, D Blok, Levent 34330 Istanbul, Republic of Turkey. Its telephone number is +90 212 339 7011 
and its website is https://yapikredi.com.tr. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 25 July 2013, 4 September 2013, 27 November 2013, 10 February 2014, 
26 February 2015, 25 February 2016, 22 February 2017, 26 February 2018, 20 February 2019, 20 February 
2020 and 24 February 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the MIFID II. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme to the Official 
List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the term of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection on the 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
https://www.yapikrediinvestorrelations.com/en/debt-capital-markets/detail/MTN-
Programme/34/1720/0. 
(a) 
the articles of association (an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a 
regulated market in the EEA or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered 
in (i) the EEAand/or (ii) the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be, will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will 
also be available on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in book-
entry form by DTC. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America.

--- Page 335 ---
321 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
For Notes to be issued to one or more Dealers, the price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. For Notes to be issued to one or more investors purchasing Notes directly from the Issuer, 
the price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer, based on prevailing market conditions, or by agreement between the Issuer and the relevant investor(s). 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of either the Bank or the Group 
since 30 September 2021. Save for the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Bank and the Group (as further 
described in the sections of this Base Prospectus headed “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Group’s Business—
The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that 
may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition”, “Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to Turkey—Turkey’s economy may be impacted by disruptions resulting from the 
COVID-19 pandemic”, “Recent Developments—COVID-19 Update” and “Turkish Regulatory Environment—
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures,” and in the Interim BRSA Financial Statements which are 
incorporated by reference herein), there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of either the Bank or the Group since 31 December 2020.  
Litigation  
Save as disclosed on page 220 under the title “Legal Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Bank is aware), which may have, or have had, during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the Group’s consolidated financial position or profitability.  
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been audited, without 
qualification as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 in 
accordance with the “Regulation on Independent Audit of Banks” published by the BRSA in the Official Gazette 
No. 29314 dated 2 April 2015 and the Standards on Independent Auditing that are part of the Turkish Auditing 
Standards promulgated by the POA. 
The Interim BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2021 (with 
30 September 2020 comparatives) and as of and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been reviewed in accordance with the Standard on 
Review Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Limited Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the 
Independent Auditor of the Entity”. With respect to the Interim BRSA Financial Statements, PwC has reported 
that it applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information; 
however, its reports state that it did not audit and does not express an opinion on such interim financial 
information. 
See the English convenience translations of the relevant PwC reports incorporated by reference herein. 
PwC (a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited) is authorised by the CMB, BRSA, 
Turkish Treasury, Energy Market Regulatory Authority and Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing 
Standard Authority Board to conduct independent audits. The Bank’s financial statements are prepared on a 
quarterly basis, semi-annual and annual basis in accordance with BRSA. 
The Bank appointed PwC as its independent auditor effective as of 1 January 2017 and for a term of three years. 
The Bank renewed PwC’s appointment as independent auditor for additional terms of one year each, effective 
1 January 2020 and 1 January 2021. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the Dealers, the

--- Page 336 ---
322 
 
 
Arrangers and their respective affiliates may have performed investment banking and advisory services for the 
Issuer and its affiliates from time to time for which they may have received fees, expenses, reimbursements 
and/or other compensation. The Dealers or their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in 
transactions with and perform advisory and other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of their business. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative 
transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates, including in relation to the hedging of the Notes. Certain of the 
Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to the Issuer and/or 
other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Arrangers, certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, such Dealers and their respective affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
Foreign Text 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms may be cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.

--- Page 337 ---
323 
 
 
APPENDIX 1 
 
OVERVIEW OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND BRSA ACCOUNTING 
PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Principles differ from IFRS. Such differences are primarily related to the presentation of financial 
statements, disclosure requirements (e.g., IFRS 7) and certain accounting policies. BRSA presentation and 
disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant regulations and do not always meet IFRS or IAS 34 
standards. Among the differences in accounting policies some of the most important are: 
Consolidation and equity accounting 
Only financial sector subsidiaries and associates are consolidated and equity accounted, respectively, under 
BRSA Principles, others are carried at cost or fair value. 
Application period for hyperinflationary accounting 
Under the BRSA Principles, this period ends at 1 January 2005 whereas under IFRS it ends at 1 January 2006, 
constituting a one year difference between the two. 
Related Party Disclosures 
Related party transactions and balances are disclosed in IFRS based on the definition provided in IAS 24, 
whereas in BRSA such disclosures are based on “risk group” as defined in the Banking Law. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to 
consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing factoring and leasing services which are subject to specific 
BRSA policies/requirements.

--- Page 338 ---
ISSUER 
Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. 
Yapı Kredi Plaza D Blok 
Levent 34330 Istanbul, 
Republic of Turkey 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom   
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom  
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom  
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Standard Chartered Bank 
One Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
2453 Luxembourg 
TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch 
101 Barclay Street 
New York, New York 
USA

--- Page 339 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and United States law 
To the Issuer as to Turkish law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
GKC Partners 
Ferko Signature 
Büyükdere Caddesi No: 175 Kat: 10 
34394 Levent, İstanbul 
Republic of Turkey 
To the Dealers as to English and United States law 
To the Dealers as to Turkish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Gedik & Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
River Plaza, Kat 17 
Büyükdere Cad., Bakar Sok. No. 13 
TR-34394 Levent Istanbul 
Republic of Turkey 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
CURRENT AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
BJK Plaza 
Süleyman Seba Caddesi No: 48 
B Blok 
Kat: 9, Akaretler Beşiktaş 34357/Istanbul 
Republic of Turkey